to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 611) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
overwhelm the resources of small and rural communities; and 
lacking technical resources with the necessary skills to improve and protect water resources; 
percent of the community water systems serve a population of less than 10,000 individuals; 
greatest difficulty providing safe, affordable public drinking water and wastewater services due to limited economies of scale and lack of technical expertise; and 
most effectively, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency should prioritize the types of technical assistance that are most beneficial to those communities, based on input from those communities; and 
striking ‘‘1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’; and 
use amounts made available to carry out this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit organizations that provide to small public water systems onsite technical assistance, circuitrider technical assistance programs, multistate, regional technical assistance programs, onsite and regional training, assistance with implementing source water protection plans, and assistance with implementing monitoring plans, rules, regulations, and water security enhancements. 
agreement provided or otherwise made available under this section may be used for litigation pursuant to section 1449.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) and the gentleman 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
minutes to explain why we are pushing this bill and what the bill does. 
country account for 77 percent of all systems. These smaller and rural communities, with populations of 10,000 or less, have a high percentage of systems in significant noncompliance with drinking water regulations and face significant challenges in maintaining, 
replacing, or upgrading aging and obsolete drinking water and wastewater infrastructure. 
small and rural drinking water supply systems is compliance with a number of drinking water regulations issued by the Environmental Protection Agency under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
Unlike water systems in larger markets, these same small and rural communities do not have the rate base or access to capital markets to fund the cost of some projects and still maintain affordable rates. As a result, these communities depend heavily on Federal and State grants and subsidized loan programs to finance their needs. 
more money is not the answer. These communities may need access to technical professionals to help find the most costeffective way to meet these new standards. Technical assistance offered by EPA has historically enabled small public water systems to identify affordable repair and replacement options for their systems. 
Drinking Water Act provides EPA authority to provide technical assistance to ‘‘small public water systems’’ to enable these systems to achieve and maintain compliance with applicable Federal drinking water regulations and to help small public water systems respond to environmental stressors, including through ‘‘circuitrider’’ and multiState regional technical assistance programs, training, and preliminary engineering evaluations. 
assistance program through 2020 for small public water systems, maintaining the existing funding level of $15 million annually, including 3 percent for technical assistance to public water systems owned and operated by Indian tribes. 
funding under section 1442 of the Safe Drinking Water Act. This funding is used to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit organizations to provide technical assistance to small public water systems. This technical assistance will help these systems achieve and maintain compliance with national primary drinking water regulations. 
These grants or cooperative agreements are supposed to go to nonprofits with a history of providing certain types of onsite technical assistance and training, and EPA should give preference to those nonprofits that the Administrator determines are most qualified and experienced in providing training and technical assistance to small public water systems that small public water systems find most beneficial and effective. 
and cooperative agreements from being used to bring a citizen suit under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
The Senate passed this bill by unanimous consent. The Energy and Commerce Committee reported it by voice 
vote. Our strong vote today sends this bill right to the White House and, I expect, into law. 
I urge all Members to support S. 611. And I want to thank the ranking 
from Mississippi (Mr. H ARPER ), my colleague, for their diligence in pushing this legislation forward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I too rise in support of S. 611, the 
Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act. This legislation will reauthorize funding to nonprofits that provide technical assistance to small public water systems under the Safe Drinking Water Act. 
unique challenges. These systems have a smaller rate base, making it difficult to afford necessary upgrades and maintenance, and often lack the expertise to comply with national drinking water standards. 
S. 611 will prioritize funding to nonprofits that provide technical assistance to these small public water systems, giving them the needed expertise to tackle these challenges. This is a small but a very important step towards resolving our Nation’s drinking water problems. 
problems with source water quality, and limited budgets are taking a toll on drinking water systems. The changing climate is creating further challenges. Public water systems are facing extreme conditions that are endangering our drinking water. Severe storms, algal blooms, extreme droughts, and saltwater intrusion are some of the examples of the conditions these systems face, all of which are affecting public water systems’ ability to provide safe drinking water to our communities. 
technical assistance from nonprofit organizations to navigate everything from routine maintenance to managing these complex situations to ensure that the water that they provide is safe for their consumers. 
S. 611 is one step of many that we 
must take to address our Nation’s drinking water issues. Our Nation’s water systems serve over 272 million people, and, according to EPA, they require infrastructure investments of $334 billion over the next 17 years. 
I look forward to continued bipartisan support for waterrelated legislation, including reauthorization of the Safe Drinking Water Act and State Revolving Fund, so that we can address the myriad of issues that are facing our drinking water systems. 
I would like also to thank Environment and the Economy Subcommittee Ranking Member TONKO and Representative H ARPER for their work on 
I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. 
State of Mississippi has led in this legislation from our former colleague, nowSenator ROGER WICKER . 
from Mississippi (Mr. H ARPER ), the author on the House side of the committee. 
of community water systems serve a population of less than 10,000. The 1996 amendments to the Safe Drinking Water Act authorized technical assistance for small and rural communities to assist them in complying with rules and regulations promulgated under the act. 
and compliance training ensures that Federal regulations do not overwhelm the resources of small and rural communities. It also allows small communities access to assistance which is necessary to improve and protect their water resources. Without these initiatives, effective implementation of the Safe Drinking Water Act and Clean Water Act in rural areas would be nearly impossible. 
of compliance assistance, rural water technical assistance has been invaluable in emergency responses in small and rural communities. 
Rural water technicians led the assistance effort in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, where hundreds of communities relied on assistance from the local and surrounding State rural water associations for immediate assistance in restoring drinking water and sanitation services. 
Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act, would help ensure that this technical assistance continues. 
As the author of the House companion bill, H.R. 2853, I appreciate the Energy and Commerce Committee’s commitment to this issue and especially want to thank Chairman SHIMKUS and Ranking Member T ONKO and 
the entire Environment and Economy Subcommittee staff for the time and effort they have invested in discussions, negotiations, legislative hearings, and markup of this legislation. 
Kirby Mayfield, who is the executive director of the Mississippi Rural Water Association, and Mike Keegan with the National Rural Water Association and others have provided a wealth of knowledge in helping to develop and shepherd this legislation. 
my deep interest in this issue and for authoring S. 611 and working towards its passage in the Senate and in the House. 
your attention to this issue that affects so many of our constituents. 
as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), a distinguished member of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee and ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Environment and the Economy. And I thank him for his work on this piece of legislation. 
I rise in support of this bill. S. 611, 
the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act, reauthorizes a small but important program that delivers technical assistance and training to our community water systems. 
I want to thank Representative HARPER for introducing H.R. 2853, the 
House companion bill to Senator WICKER ’s bill, and I am proud to be a 
Commerce staff for working with us on report language to clarify language in this bill so that we can indeed provide a wide range of technical assistance that would help small water systems, such as source water protection, system monitoring and efficiency, sustainability, and water security aspects. 
with populations of 10,000 or less, face challenges in maintaining and upgrading aging water infrastructure. The ratepayer base for these small systems simply does not provide a sufficient operating budget to support fulltime technical positions. 
Source water quality problems, resulting in system shutdowns and expensive treatment processes, are an increasing problem for far too many public water systems due to inadequate attention to nonpoint source pollution. 
both water quality and quantity, challenging the ability of water utilities to meet their basic service obligations. 
Technical assistance for small systems is essential to finding the most costeffective solutions to these problems. I know that the Circuit Rider program in New York serves many small public water systems and provides essential technical support to small system operators. 
S. 611 would authorize the appropriation of $15 million annually, from 2016 to 2020, for the Environmental Protection Agency’s program that provides technical assistance to these given systems. 
program expired back in 2003. It has been nearly 20 years since we last authorized this program, along with the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, the SRF, the primary source of Federal funding for water infrastructure. 
The Drinking Water SRF’s authorization also expired in 2003. It too needs to be reauthorized and at a higher level than was provided in 2003 to support all systems, small and large, to make the 
over 700 water main breaks per day— 700 per day—breaks that result in losses of treated water, not just water that is lost in those breaks, but consumer tax dollars and rate dollars, and with a growing backlog of drinking 
water infrastructure needs, estimated at $384.2 billion over the next 20 years in the EPA’s fifth national assessment of public water system infrastructure needs. That indeed is staggering. 
more to assist our States and water utilities to reduce this backlog. Recently we came together to pass a bipartisan, longterm surface transportation bill. It had the overwhelming bipartisan support of this House. 
our roads and bridges are in desperate need of investment. But we cannot forget about the hidden infrastructure, the critical, unseen, outofsight and outofmind infrastructure that we rely upon to deliver safe, reliable, and affordable drinking water. We have neglected this essential infrastructure for far too long already. It, too, needs more Federal funding and a longterm reauthorization. 
It does not improve with age. Our inaction is only adding to the expenses of State and local governments and forcing increases in water utility rates for given consumers. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 611 is a good bill and 
a good start. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, but I hope we use this opportunity as a challenge, as a challenge to recognize that this is just the beginning of the drinking water infrastructure issues that we face. We must come together to reauthorize the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. 
I want to urge my colleagues to support this important measure, S. 611. 
a lot to be done on infrastructure, and safe drinking water is among those important things. My district is very large and rural, with 33 counties in southern Illinois. This bill will help. 
We need to do what we can now, and 
hopefully this success, as my colleague Mr. TONKO has said, will help us build 
on future areas where we can work together. Mr. TONKO will continue to be a 
rabid dog on this issue, and I appreciate his commitment for further discussions. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 611. The question was taken; and (two 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3490) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Department a National Computer Forensics Institute (in this section referred to as the ‘Institute’), to be operated by the United States Secret Service, for the dissemination of homeland security information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and related threats to educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. 
to provide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges with computer equipment, hardware, software, 
and electronic crime and related threats investigations and computer and mobile device forensic examinations. 
Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the Secret Service’s network of Electronic Crime Task Forces through the addition of task force officers of State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges educated and trained at the Institute, in addition to academia and private sector stakeholders. 
shall seek opportunities to coordinate with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center within the Department to help enhance, to the extent practicable, the training provided by the Center to stakeholders, including by helping to ensure that such training reflects timely, actionable, and relevant expertise in homeland security information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats.’’. 
funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendment made by this Act. This Act and such amendment shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 3490 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Forensics Institute serves a vital purpose in preparing State and local law enforcement to combat computer and cybercrime, and I am pleased to support this legislation. 
Justice has declared that cybercrime ‘‘is one of the greatest threats facing our country’’ and that cybercrime has ‘‘enormous implications for our national security, economic prosperity, and public safety.’’ 
stated that ‘‘the range of threats and the challenges they present for law enforcement expand just as rapidly as technology evolves.’’ 
With this in mind, the National Computer Forensics Institute serves the vital purpose of providing legal and judicial professionals a free comprehensive education on current cybercrime trends, investigative methods, and 
The National Computer Forensics Institute is a 32,000squarefoot facility located in Hoover, Alabama. This Institute boasts three multipurpose classrooms, two network investigations classrooms, a mock courtroom, and a forensics lab. 
Secret Service staff the Institute and work diligently training attendees in modern countercybercrime procedures and evidence collection. When the attendees leave, they take with them the critical knowledge and equipment required to conduct autonomous and thorough cybercrime investigations at their home agencies. 
Since its creation in 2008, the Institute has earned praise for its work in preparing America’s local law enforcement in how to deal with these important technology issues. 
has instructed law enforcement professionals from every State in the country and from over 500 different law enforcement agencies. 
district has benefited from NCFI training, including Lynchburg Commonwealth’s Attorney Mike Doucette and his staff. 
Each professional educated at the Institute is a force multiplier for the Secret Service. After successful completion of the program, the students can bring their new knowledge back to their local agency to inform their colleagues how to properly conduct computer forensic investigations. 
for our Nation to successfully combat the cybercrime threat, we must support legislation such as H.R. 3490. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) for sponsoring 
Computer Forensics Institute in Federal law will cement its position as a hightech cybercrime training facility and will help law enforcement professionals nationwide in their efforts to combat cyber and computer crimes. 
3490, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act. This bill establishes the National Computer Forensics Institute as an official Federal program which will be managed by the Department of Homeland Security and operated by the United States Secret Service. 
I support this bill because it addresses a topic that is critically important to our country. Cybercrime poses an enormous threat to national security, economic prosperity, and public safety. The range of threats and the challenges they present for law enforcement expand just as rapidly as technology evolves. In fact, Mr. Speaker, during the past 
decade, our Federal law enforcement community has observed a significant increase in the quality, quantity, and complexity of cybercrimes targeting private industry, including our financial services sector. 
hacking attacks, the installation of malicious software, and data breaches that have exposed the personal information of millions of U.S. citizens as well as members of our law enforcement and intelligence services. 
Forensics Institute has trained more than 800 State and local law enforcement officers and approximately 238 prosecutors. With this legislation, the Institute will continue to educate State and local law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on current trends in cyber and electronic crimes investigations and the Institute will train them on proper procedures to conduct these important investigations. 
Forensics Institute will continue to work to protect our citizens’ personal information from unwarranted government intrusion. By establishing national standards for conducting cybercrime investigations, the Institute will promote these important privacy interests. 
the successful efforts that have already taken place to combat the evergrowing threat of cybercrime. As the operator of the National Computer Forensics Institute, the Secret Service has demonstrated its expertise in pursuing cybercrime investigations. 
have resulted in over 4,900 arrests, associated with more than $1.4 billion in fraud losses and the prevention of over $11 billion in potential fraud losses during the past 5 years. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, this legislation will assist law enforcement in continuing to combat the threats cybercrime poses to national security, economic prosperity, and public safety. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
thank the chairman for his leadership on these issues. 
of H.R. 3490, the Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act. This bill will authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, or NCFI, which is located in Hoover, Alabama. 
Comey recently testified before the House Judiciary Committee, he told us that ‘‘an element of virtually every national security threat and crime problem the FBI faces is cyberbased or facilitated.’’ 
I want to pause and let that sink in 
for a minute because it makes a perfect case for this bill. The fact that our Federal law enforcement is seeing a cyber element to almost every national security threat and crime problem is incredibly compelling because you can be certain that our State and local law enforcement are seeing the same trend, but with a lot fewer opportunities to learn how to address it. 
shows on TV where pieces of DNA evidence—a strand of hair or a drop of blood—are used to solve a case. But in today’s world, we have to rely upon digital evidence, an email that was sent or an online purchase that was made or geolocation technology that places an individual at the scene of the crime. 
present new challenges to law enforcement, prosecutors, and judges. It no longer takes a sophisticated cybercriminal to compromise personal and sensitive information of U.S. companies and everyday Americans. Any criminal can now easily obtain from the dark Web the cyber exploit tools that are needed to create this type of havoc. 
number of cyberattacks, it is vital that our State and local law enforcement, prosecutors, and judges be properly trained to respond to cybercrime and to protect the American people. 
does just that. The NCFI was created in 2007 by the State of Alabama and is now operated by the United States Secret Service for the purpose of training State and local law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on how to investigate cyber and electronic crimes, on methods for conducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations, and on performing network intrusion investigations. 
The NCFI has already garnered a reputation as the premier crimetraining center in the Nation, supporting State and local law enforcement investigators, prosecutors, and judges. To date, it has already trained and equipped more than 4,500 local law enforcement officials from all 50 States. 
are now equipped to hit back on cybercrime—represent more than 1,500 agencies nationwide, including agencies from Texas’ Fourth Congressional District that I represent, like the Greenville Police Department, the Hunt County District Attorney’s Office, and the Collin County Sheriff’s Office. 
Kelli Aiken, an assistant district attorney from Hunt County, told us that her training at the NCFI had ‘‘transformed their evidence collection and prosecution, leading to more successful apprehensions, more prosecutions, and more convictions.’’ 
some highly theoretical bill where the rubber never meets the road. This piece of legislation takes what is already 
working and formalizes these practices to better amplify their impact going forward. 
across the country the necessary tools and training to successfully fight cybercriminals in the 21st century. That is why I am honored to introduce it and why I am grateful for its vote today here in the House. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). 
training for State and local law enforcement in cybercrimes was difficult to find. 
State of Alabama took the lead and offered the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security property and funds to construct a stateof theart facility if the Federal Government would fund the training and allow the Secret Service to operate it. I am proud to say this facility is located in my district in the city of Hoover. 
May of 2008, State and local law enforcement officers, as has been mentioned already, have come from all across the Nation for vital training in this oneofakind facility, where they are trained by Secret Service agents on the same equipment and software that our Secret Service agents use. NCFI has trained law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges from all 50 States, and literally has graduates from hundreds of agencies around the country. 
NCFI is doing, that it is being recognized, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 3490. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
support of H.R. 3490, the Strengthening the State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act, which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a National Computer Forensics Institute. 
As the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations, as well as a senior Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware of the threats that our nation faces in cyberspace. 
disseminate homeland security information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime, including threats or acts of terrorism, to educate, train, and equip state, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. 
important amendments that I offered during the Homeland Security Markup. The first Jackson Lee Amendment provides 
local, state, territorial and tribal law enforcement access to the cybercrime expertise of the Secret Service in collecting, retaining and processing evidence found on digital devices. 
cybercrime investigative resource available to local, state, territorial and tribal law enforcement. 
The U.S. Secret Service maintains Electronic Crimes Task Forces focusing on identifying and locating international cyber criminals connected to cyber intrusions, bank fraud, data breaches, and other computerrelated crimes. 
Section has directly contributed to the arrest of transnational cyber criminals responsible for the theft of hundreds of millions of credit card numbers and the loss of approximately $600 million to financial and retail institutions. 
Computer Forensic Institute, which provides law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges with cyber training and information to combat cybercrime. 
H.R. 3490 provides assurances that nothing in this Act shall be construed to abridge or impair the rights of persons in the United States protection by the Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the United States Constitution. 
security personnel must rely more and more on their ability to access information in cyber space or what might be stored on personal devices, it is important that the public knows and understands that their Constitutional rights must and will be protected. 
I know that the Chairs and Ranking Members of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security, and many other colleagues have worked sidebyside to assure that our efforts to combat terrorism at home do not diminish the liberties that we all cherish. 
I urge all Members to vote for H.R. 3490. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’. 
Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, or NCFI, as operated by the U.S. Secret Service to educate and 
train State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges about techniques and procedures related to the investigation and prevention of cyber, electronic, and information security crimes, including threats or acts of terrorism. 
based upon the Secret Service’s successful cyber investigative strategy, which relies on partnering with and sharing information between academia, private industry and law enforcement to combat the everevolving threat of cyber crime. 
Chairman of the Committee’s Cybersecurity Subcommittee Chairman, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. RATCLIFFE , does a couple of important things. 
the NCFI continues, it authorizes this federally funded training center, which has operated in Hoover, Alabama since 2008, in the Homeland Security Act. 
Second, it seeks to raise the quality of cyber 
forensic training provided throughout the Department of Homeland Security by directing 
with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC), including by helping to ensure that such training reflects timely, actionable, and relevant expertise in homeland security information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats. 
Lastly, it directs the Secret Service to expand its network of Electronic Crime Task Forces through the addition of task force officers, prosecutors, and judges educated and trained at the Institute, in addition to academia and private sector stakeholders. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3490, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3279) to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book 
agreement, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to nondisclosure provisions. 
award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other agency document making the award. 
28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and 
final report under that paragraph is submitted, online a searchable database containing the following information with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this subsection: 
award was made, as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. 
United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3279 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Representative D OUGCOLLINS and Constitution Ranking Member S TEVE  
Access to Justice Act, the Federal Government, through settlement or court order, pays millions of dollars in legal fees and costs to parties to lawsuits and administrative adjudications that involve the Federal Government. However, despite the large amount of taxpayer dollars paid out each year, the Federal Government no longer comprehensively keeps track of the amount of fees and other expenses awarded pursuant to the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
report on why these fees and expenses were paid and to whom these costs were awarded. This is because, in 1995, Congress repealed the Department of Justice’s reporting requirements and defunded the Administrative Conference of the United States, the agency charged with reporting this basic information to Congress. 
reestablished in 2010, but the requirements to report on fee and cost payments have not been reenacted. Accordingly, there has been no official governmentwide accounting of this information since fiscal year 1994—over 20 years ago. 
This lack of transparency is troubling, given that the Equal Access to Justice Act is considered by many to be the most important Federal fee shifting statute. Fundamentally, the act recognizes that there is an enormous disparity of resources between the Federal Government and individuals and small businesses who seek to challenge Federal actions. 
Justice Act to provide individuals, small businesses, and small nonprofit groups with financial incentives to challenge the Federal Government or defend themselves from lawsuits brought by the Federal Government. As the Supreme Court has noted, the act was adopted with the ‘‘specific purpose of eliminating for the average person the financial disincentive to challenge unreasonable governmental actions.’’ 
But how can we know if the act is 
working well toward this end if we have no data on the awards? Without the data this bill requires the Administrative Conference to compile and report, we have nothing more than anecdotal evidence as to whether the act is providing some measure of relief to the financial disincentive to seeking judicial and administrative redress against the Federal Government. 
today will end this lack of transparency and restore the reporting requirements that were repealed in 1995. 
I want to once again thank Representatives COLLINS and C OHEN for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, as amended. I support this measure for several reasons. 
Equal Access to Justice Act, an important law that has helped senior citizens, veterans, the disabled, and nonprofit organizations vindicate their rights against unreasonable government action. 
parties to adjudicative matters typically pay their own litigation costs, subject to certain statutory exceptions. One of these exceptions is the Equal Access to Justice Act, which allows a party to be reimbursed for litigation costs when he or she is victorious against the Federal Government under specified conditions. 
show that its position was ‘‘substantially justified’’ or that ‘‘special circumstances’’ would make an award unjust, then the prevailing party is not entitled to be reimbursed for his litigation costs. In addition, only certain parties are eligible to be reimbursed for their litigation costs under the act, based on their net worth or exempt status, among other factors. 
sense is an open question, as Congress simply does not have adequate information to assess the effectiveness of the act. This is because there has been no comprehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under the act since 1995, and, as a result, there has simply been conjecture. 
shortcoming by requiring annual reports on the amount of fees paid under the act to prevailing litigants against the government. As a result of this legislation, Congress will know on an annual basis the agencies that have been required to reimburse parties for their litigation costs, the claims giving rise to the litigation, and the amount of the awards made under the act, as well as the basis for them. With this information, Congress will be in a much better position to assess the implementation of the act and the performance of the agencies as litigants. 
bill is that it respects the privacy interests of the parties who are reimbursed for their litigation costs pursuant to the act. Unfortunately, prior versions of this legislation were unnecessarily intrusive. Organizations such as the National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Representatives and the Paralyzed Veterans of America expressed serious concerns that these earlier versions of the bill would ‘‘infringe the privacy of vulnerable people who have applied for social security and veterans’ benefits.’’ 
given the fact that the bill requires the information collected be made available to the public through the Internet. 
As currently drafted, however, H.R. 3279 strikes the right balance between encouraging transparency while respecting the legitimate privacy interests of parties. 
recognizes the important role that the Administrative Conference of the United States has historically played in helping Congress identify inefficiencies among the Federal agencies and ways to save taxpayer dollars. 
In addition to requiring the Conference to prepare an annual report to Congress detailing the litigation costs reimbursed by the Federal Government to parties, the bill also requires the Conference to provide ‘‘any other relevant information that may aid Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards.’’ 
Given the excellent work and scholarly analysis that have been hallmarks of the Conference, I expect its report and its attendant findings will be an invaluable aid to Congress. 
authorizing committee for the Conference, I encourage our friends on the Appropriations Committee to ensure that the Conference has adequate funding to implement this important legislation. 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their diligence in helping to craft this bipartisan legislation. 
COLLINS , and the gentleman from Tennessee, S TEVE COHEN , as well as the 
effectuate a commonsense bill that will improve the efficiency and accountability of the Federal Government. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS), a member of the Judiciary Committee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and his work in bringing this to the floor, and I appreciate it. 
of H.R. 3279, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. I introduced this legislation with a bipartisan group of cosponsors to provide additional transparency and oversight of taxpayer dollars awarded under the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
I want to thank all of the original cosponsors of this legislation for their support. In particular, my friend from Tennessee, STEVE COHEN , a member of 
the Judiciary Committee, but also a special thank you also to CYNTHIA  
an advocate of this legislation. I just want to thank her for her tireless work and leadership on this issue as we move forward. 
H.R. 3279 passed the Judiciary Committee on a voice vote on October 27, 2015. Almost identical legislation passed both the Judiciary Committee and the full House on a voice vote last Congress. 
The bill reinstates needed transparency and accountability measures to ensure that the Equal Access to Justice Act is helping individuals, retirees, veterans, and small businesses as intended. 
Access to Justice Act in 1980 to remove a barrier to justice for those with limited access to the resources it takes to sue the Federal Government and to recover attorneys’ fees and costs that go along with such suits. The law was written to provide citizens with the opportunity to challenge or defend against unreasonable government actions where they otherwise might be deterred by large legal expenses. 
EAJA, an individual’s net worth must be less than $2 million and a business or organization must have a net worth of less than $7 million, although the cap does not apply to certain taxexempt organizations. 
intended to address the David and Goliath scenario where wronged citizens have to go to court and face the Federal Government’s vast financial and legal resources. It is past time that we ensure this law is working for citizens in need and for taxpayers alike. 
come from the budget of the agency whose action gave rise to the claim. While the original Equal Access to Justice Act legislation included a requirement to track payments and report to Congress annually, Congress and the agencies halted tracking and reporting of payments made through the Equal Access to Justice Act in 1995. 
report indicated that without any direction to track payments, most agencies simply do not do it, and Congress and taxpayers are unable to exercise oversight over these funds. In fact, we only have anecdotal evidence about how much we are spending on attorneys’ fees, the agencies paying out on these fees, and what types of claims are being covered. 
Since 1995, there has been no comprehensive Federal report on the total amount of fees awarded under the Equal Access to Justice Act. We are sorely behind on our oversight responsibilities in this area, and H.R. 3279 takes steps to address that problem. 
Conference of the United States to annually report to Congress on the ‘‘number, nature, and amount of the awards, claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards.’’ This report covers both agency adjudications and court proceedings. H.R. 3279 also requires the Administrative Conference to develop and implement an online searchable database to facilitate public and congressional oversight. Agencies would be required to provide information requested by the ACUS for the development of the database and reports, but, importantly, the ACUS would be required to withhold information from the database if disclosure is prohibited by law or court order. 
Justice Act ensures that agencies are operating under a watchful public eye and that taxpayer dollars are being spent properly. 
and I believe it needs to be downsized; but until we can make that happen, transparency should be a minimum requirement. That is why H.R. 3279 is important. It is common sense, plain and simple. Where the Federal Government is spending money, Congress needs to exercise oversight to ensure it is being done the way the law requires. 
against the Federal Government, it is a onceinalifetime challenge and a daunting suit to undertake even if they are completely in the right. We need to make sure the law is working for them. Allowing plaintiffs to recoup legal costs when they sue the Federal Government for reparations they deserve is only fair. 
Many Americans do not have the resources to take on our vast and sprawling bureaucracy, but the Equal Access to Justice Act gave them the power to do so by removing a barrier to justice for those with limited access to resources. However, since the original reporting requirements were halted by Congress, information on these payments made under the law is severely lacking. 
will help preserve the integrity of this law and will help Congress make sure that the law is working effectively for the people it was intended to help. 
It is past time that we shine a light 
on this issue. We owe transparency to the taxpayers who are financing the law, and we owe it to the citizens—the small businesses, the veterans, and the Social Security claimants—who rely on the law. 
agreement that transparency over payments made under the Equal Access to Justice Act needs to be restored. The Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act will help to ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent as intended under this law. 
Past support for this legislation demonstrates a consensus that we need to address this issue and that Americans deserve to know what their government is doing. 
back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 3279, the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act,’’ a bill to amend titles 5 and 28 of the United States Code to direct the Administrative Conference of the United States (ACUS) to prepare an annual report to Congress on fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties under the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, former municipal judge and staunch believer and advocate for equal justice, I support this bill because it will provide Congress with valuable insight and comprehensive data needed to assess the actual effectiveness of the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA). 
and the federal judicial code to require the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States to report to Congress annually on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties other than the United States in certain administrative proceedings and civil action court cases (excluding tort cases) to which the United States is a party, including settlement agreements. 
include the reasonable expenses of expert witnesses, the reasonable cost of any study, analysis, engineering report, test, or project which is found by the agency to be necessary for the preparation of the party’s case, and reasonable attorney or agent fees. 
to provide the number, nature, and amount of awards, the claims involved in the controversy, as well as any other relevant information that may assist Congress in assessing the scope and impact of such fees awarded. 
H.R. 3279 further directs that such information be made available by establishing an online searchable database including the name of the agency involved, the name of each party to whom the award was made, the amount of the award, and the basis for finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. 
addresses concerns about the implementation of EAJA and whether Congress needs to intervene and amend it. 
EAJA has served as an important vehicle to enhance parties’ ability to hold government agencies accountable for their actions and inactions. 
help the underdog or those with limited resources stand up against government transgressions. 
and nonprofits to recover critical litigation costs and attorney fees from the federal government in cases that may otherwise be financially intimidating or restrictive. 
The EAJA is used to vindicate a variety of 
federal rights, including access to Veterans Affairs and Social Security disability benefits, as well as to secure statutory environmental protections. 
public involvement in laws that have a significant impact on the public health and safety, such as the National Environmental Policy Act, Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act. 
or erroneous conduct and encourages all parties, not just those with resources to hire legal counsel, to assert their rights. 
experts that EAJA has been costeffective, applies only to meritorious litigation and that existing legal safeguards and the independent discretion of federal judges will continue to ensure its prudent application. 
brought the EAJA into law have been overshadowed by reoccurring accounts of misuse by a small percentage of large environmental groups. 
Republicans) of cases brought against EPA found: 1. most environment lawsuits (48%) were brought by trade associations and private companies; 2. attorney fees were awarded only about eight percent of the time; 3. among environmental plaintiffs, the majority of cases were brought by local groups rather than national groups; and 4. the average award under the EAJA was only about $100,000. 
largely misplaced, I urge my colleagues to support this request for further review and analysis, so that we may gain a better understanding and congressional clarity on the functional benefits and necessary workings of the EAJA. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3279, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1755) to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
by striking ‘‘The purposes of the corporation are—’’ and inserting ‘‘The corporation is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes. The purposes of the corporation shall include—’’; 
is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
corporation, any assets remaining after the discharge or satisfactory provision for the discharge of all liabilities shall be transferred to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the care of disabled veterans.’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 50308 the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 1755, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Since 1920, Disabled American Veterans has been serving American veterans who were wounded in the line of duty. It provides free assistance to veterans and their families in obtaining Federal benefits and services earned through military service. 
veterans, their families, their widowed spouses, and their orphans before the Federal, State, and local governments. And it provides a structure through which disabled veterans can express their compassion for their fellow veterans through a variety of volunteer programs. 
believe incorrectly that charitable deductions are available only for gifts made to a 
To achieve that designation, the organization needs to make application to the Internal Revenue Service. The application requires that certain language be included in the ‘‘organizing document,’’ which, in our case, is the Federal charter. 
mission through this legislation. I commend Representative MILLER for 
introducing the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
makes a small but important change to the Federal charter of the Disabled American Veterans. Once this bill becomes law, that Federal charter will better describe the mission and actual practice of the organization today. 
In response to the thousands of veterans who returned home after having made considerable sacrifices during World War I, the Disabled American Veterans was established in 1920. Currently, the organization serves our disabled veterans by helping them access all of the benefits available to them, by fighting for their interests in Washington, D.C., and by educating the public about the sacrifices they made. 
every bit as important as it was at the time of its founding 95 years ago. H.R. 1755 simply makes clear that the mission of the Disabled American Veterans is exclusively a charitable one. 
support of H.R. 1755, a bill which modifies the congressional charter for the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) to expand the purposes of the organization to include educating the public about the sacrifices and needs of disabled veterans, as well as educating disabled veterans about the benefits and resources available to them. 
DAV charter to make explicit that the organization is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, a change that would allow the DAV to qualify as a ‘‘public charity’’ under the Internal Revenue Code. 
The legislation also provides that upon dissolution or final liquidation of the Disabled American Veterans, any assets remaining would be transferred to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the care of disabled veterans. 
American Veterans has been dedicated to a single purpose: empowering disabled veterans to lead highquality lives with respect and dignity. 
Mr. Speaker, under DAV’s existing congressional charter, an individual generally is eligible for membership in the organization if he or she was wounded, gassed, injured or disabled in the line of duty during time of war while serving in the U.S. military. 
families can access the full range of benefits available to them and advocates for the interests of America’s injured heroes and their families. 
about the great sacrifices and needs of veterans transitioning back to civilian life. 
As a nation, let it be our pledge that when 
it is an important affirmation of our commitment to honor the service of disabled veterans with actions that fulfill our commitment to them and their families, and which are worthy of a grateful nation. 
the H.R. 333, the Disabled Veterans Tax Termination Act, which increases veteran’s pay and disability compensation and maintains secure, dependable and reliable veterans’ programs, especially for disabled veterans is very important. 
And it is why I also strongly supported and 
voted to pass H.R. 3202, the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, which expands access to health care for veterans, addresses the shortage of health professionals in the VA, ensures access to care for rural veterans, and provided funding to establish 27 new VA clinics, including a new research facility in Houston. 
And it is why as Chair of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I championed the Helping Heroes Fly Act (H.R. 1344), which improves airport security screening for wounded and severely disabled service members and veterans by ensuring personal privacy and consistent application of efficient screening procedures so that our selfless disabled veterans never again have to face lengthy, invasive, and even humiliating screening procedures at our airports. 
I urge all Members to join me in voting to 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1755, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2288) to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
land referred to in section 3 that is used for purposes of a child care center, as authorized by this Act, shall not be subject to the use restriction imposed in the deed referred to in section 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
from the deed of an approximately 1 acre portion of land. The property was transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, in 1989 to construct a child care facility. 
H.R. 2288 would remove the restrictions on the land so that any necessary upgrades may be made to the Plains Area Daycare Center in Broadway, Virginia, which provides child care for families who otherwise could not afford it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
on a 1acre parcel of Federal land provided to Rockingham County, Virginia. 
As was stated, in 1989, Congress authorized Rockingham County to use a 3acre parcel of Federal land for the purpose of establishing a child care center under the condition that the land continues to be used for this purpose. If the county no longer needs the land for a child care center, the land reverts back to ownership by the United States or the county has the option to purchase it at fair market value. 
tradition of providing public land to State, county, and local governments. The fair use of Federal land and a fair return to the American taxpayer has to be at the forefront of these transactions. Removing publicpurpose requirements and use restrictions should only be done when it is deemed appropriate and necessary. 
this legislation has worked with the National Park Service to develop legislation that is both fair and transparent. 
County includes a garage that was previously used by the National Park Service that the county has determined could benefit the Plains Area Daycare Center. The Park Service no longer needs the garage, and removing the use restriction on 1 of the 3 acres will allow this child care provider to access financial assistance in order to upgrade and rehabilitate the garage so it is suitable for its needs. 
adoption of H.R. 2288 and congratulate the sponsor of the legislation for it. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. 
And I thank the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), for 
moving this legislation through the Natural Resources Committee and to the floor. 
passage of H.R. 2288. This bill simply removes 20yearold deed use restrictions on 1 acre of land. 
For over 25 years, a little over 3 acres 
of land and its associated buildings, which were previously wholly held by the Federal Government, have been maintained by Rockingham County and the Plains Area Daycare Center in my congressional district, the Sixth District of Virginia. 
deeded these 3 acres of land, with restriction, to Rockingham County. But even prior to this official declaration, Rockingham County had already been faithfully maintaining the property, which the Federal Government no longer utilized. The property had previously been used as a garage and maintenance facility for the United States Forest Service. 
this land to Rockingham County in 1989, the condition was that this property was to be used for public purposes. The county decided that the nonprofit Plains Area Daycare Center in Broadway, Virginia, which provides child care on a sliding scale to many families who otherwise could not afford child care, would benefit from the use of the old garage. Therefore, Congress enacted Public Law 101–479, which allowed the deed to be changed from public use to the particular use of the child care center. 
Donations by the community, totaling $75,000, turned the garage building into a nursery, a daycare, and an after school care facility. Additionally, the creation of the daycare center provided 
the center supports and is open for public use. 
To be clear, the center and the playground are the sole reasons that this previously abandoned government land is being used by the community. 
Daycare Center on many occasions and have seen the immeasurable investments this center is making in the community by providing highquality child care. Since opening in 1991, the center has always been at capacity and is the only facility of its kind in the community. 
However, after two decades of consistent use, the facility is in desperate need of repair. Unfortunately, because of the narrow way Public Law 101–479 was drafted and because of the terms of the deed, the daycare center has been unable to get a loan to complete the muchneeded renovations. 
would remove the deed use restrictions from the 1 acre of property on which the building resides. While I would like to have seen the entire 3 acres released, this legislation is the result of a compromise that has been endorsed by the National Park Service and Rockingham County. 
By passing this legislation and allowing Rockingham County and, in return, the Plains Area Daycare Center more authority over the land, it will ensure that more children and more of the community will be served by this land. 
over the past two Congresses. The House passed related legislation in the 113th Congress. However, the Senate did not act. This Congress, my staff and I have worked closely with Rockingham County and the Natural Resources Committee to see H.R. 2288 brought before the House. I am hopeful that the Senate will take action this time. 
today is simply a formality, it is of great importance to those being served by this daycare center in the community. For 25 years, the land has been deeded to Rockingham County, but with overbearing restrictions. 
Since it is clear the Federal Government no longer has a vested interest in the land, it is time to lift those restrictions to allow the Plains Area Daycare Center to reach its full potential. 
Congress made its intention clear that a daycare facility was to have use of the property, and I am pleased to lead the charge in fixing the law. 
remove the deed restrictions on 1 acre of land so that the necessary upgrades may be made to the childcare center 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2288, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1541) to amend title 54, United States Code, to make Hispanicserving institutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Research at Institutions Serving Minorities Act’’ or the ‘‘PRISM Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
H.R. 1541 provides colleges and universities with a high enrollment of Hispanic, Asian American, and Native American Pacific Islander students access to a grant program that encourages student involvement in historic and cultural projects. 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and nontribal colleges with a high enrollment of Native Americans or Native Hawaiians. H.R. 1541 will ensure that historically underrepresented groups are eligible for technical and financial assistance to establish preservation training and degree programs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
this legislation, the Preservation Research at Institutions Serving Minorities, the PRISM Act, to ensure that over 400 Hispanicserving institutions have access to a competitive grant program for historic preservation education and for training programs. HSIs are colleges and universities where at least 25 percent of the student enrollment is comprised of Hispanic students. 
by the gentleman, preservation education and training grants for HBCUs, tribal and Hawaiian Native education institutions. My legislation would add HSIs to the list. 
higher education institutions in the U.S. They educate over 3 million Hispanic students that are enrolled in those universities and colleges. 
At the markup, the committee adopted an amendment offered by my good friend, Congresswoman BORDALLO of 
adds universities and colleges that are designated as Asian American, Native American Pacific Islandersserving institutions to the list of institutions eligible for historic preservation education and training programs. I commend the gentlewoman from Guam for bringing this issue up. Her amendment makes the bill more inclusive and better. 
adoption. The bill is designed to enhance the educational experience of students at HSIs and contribute to the preservation of Hispanic history, as it is being preserved for all Americans under this program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers. I appreciate the efforts of my colleague from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1541, the Preservation Research at Institutions Serving Minorities, or PRISM, Act. H.R. 1541 would make Hispanic serving institutions and 
Asian American Native American Pacific Islander serving institutions of higher education on par with other minority serving institutions and make them eligible for important historic preservation education and training. 
H.R. 1541, and also working closely with me on my amendment to also include Asian American Native American Pacific Islander serving institutions. 
and Pacific Islanders have contributed to our nation’s rich history and unique cultural heritage. AAPI contributions to this nation’s history are evident from New Orleans being a stop on the Spanish Galleon trade route, to the salmon canneries in Alaska, to early Chamorro villages in the Mariana Islands, to pineapple fields in Hawaii, or to the tremendous efforts AAPIs made in constructing the railroads that crisscross our country. Making Hispanic serving institutions and Asian American Native American and Pacific Islander serving institutions eligible for preservation training and degree programs will further enrich and ensure our diverse history is shared for generations to come. 
This bill has bipartisan support, and I commend my colleagues for their support. I encourage support of H.R. 1541. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1541, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2212) to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
would direct the Secretary of the Interior to place into trust 300 acres of Bureau of Land Management land for the Susanville Indian Rancheria. These isolated and surplus BLM lands are adjacent to existing tribal lands in Lassen County, California. 
the local California BLM office to one day complete the transfer of these lands, which are culturally and historically significant to the tribe. 
tribes within the region—the Mountain Maidu, Northern Paiute, the Pit River, and the Washoe—the Susanville Indian Rancheria has a long history of relocation and adversity. The Rancheria’s ancestors were party to 18 unratified treaties with the Federal Government, and their lands were taken after passage of the Land Claims Act of 1851. 
rush of the 1850s, the tribe was homeless until 1923, when the Federal Government purchased and placed into trust 30 acres. Since that time, another 120 acres were added by Congress in 
1978 and approximately 950 acres have been added by BIA action. 
land, which holds a number of cultural, historical, and archeological sites, including grinding stones, petroglyphs, and other important artifacts. Rancheria members also gather traditional herbs, medicines, and vegetables on the land and continue to hunt game in the area as their ancestors did. 
The land has been classified as surplus by the BLM, which has written in support of transferring the parcel to the Rancheria, and it is adjacent, again, to the Rancheria’s existing lands. 
using the land for traditional purposes as well as eventually constructing a cultural center, a museum, and recreational facilities, including sports fields. 
includes a prohibition on gaming. The Rancheria has long proven to be a conscientious and thoughtful neighbor to the City of Susanville, and I have no doubt that it will prove to be a good steward of this land. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed by 
the Natural Resources Committee with unanimous support. The Senate counterpart, sponsored by Senator BOXER , 
who we found agreement on this legislation on, also received unanimous support in the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
H.R. 2212, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ), 
our colleague, is indeed a good piece of legislation. Three hundred acres of BLM land in the Hidden Valley area of Lassen County, California, will be put into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria. 
The land in question is not only adjacent to Susanville’s current trust land, it is also part of their aboriginal territories. There are numerous cultural and archeological sites on the land that the Susanville members seek to protect, including the remains of a historic Native American village. 
traditional hunting ground and is utilized for traditional ceremonies. The land has been identified by BLM as excess inventory and a cost burden to the Federal Government. 
all parties involved. The Susanville Rancheria members will finally have a portion of its historic land returned, and the Federal Government will save money on administrative costs on land that it does not want. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), the committee’s ranking member, and the unanimous effort to move this bill out of committee. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2212, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2270) to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine 
within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. 
Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, is redesignated as the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge’’. 
Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge to commemorate the location of the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty of 1854 between the United States Government and leaders of the Muckleshoot, Nisqually, Puyallup, and Squaxin Island Indian Tribes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Congressman D ENNY HECK of Washington, and cosponsored by the entire Washington delegation would redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge and establish within the refuge the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial. 
and legacy of Billy Frank Jr., who dedicated his life to bringing together tribes, government officials, and others 
to improve treaty rights, tribal sovereignty, environmental stewardship, and salmon recovery in the Puget Sound area. Frank Jr., who passed away in 2014, was awarded the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism and the Martin Luther King Jr. Distinguished Service Award and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010. 
memorial within the refuge to commemorate the signing of the 1854 Medicine Creek Treaty, which established reservation land and the right to fish for Puget Sound area tribes. 
Congressman HECKhas worked tirelessly to honor the treaty and the life and work of Billy Frank Jr. I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2270. 
wildlife refuge on the Nisqually River Delta as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge. Renaming this refuge will honor Billy Frank Jr.’s legacy on the river where he spent his life. Billy Frank Jr., who passed away last year, has been recognized for his work defending treaty rights, tribal sovereignty, and salmon recovery efforts in his home State of Washington. 
noted by my colleague that he has received, on November 24, President Obama presented his family with the Medal of Freedom honor that he so justly deserved. 
The bill also creates a national memorial to commemorate the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty in 1854. 
colleague from Washington, Representative HECK, for his tireless work and 
commend the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), my friend, for his 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), the sponsor of the legislation. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, just last week we were home celebrating Thanksgiving, and we were giving thanks for everything we are blessed with, everything we cherish— frankly, probably a lot of the things we take for granted. 
For those of us in the Pacific Northwest, we give thanks for the Puget Sound, we give thanks for our salmon, we give thanks for all the natural beauty that surrounds us, and we give thanks that Billy Frank Jr. was in our lives. 
to the many other awards he received in his lifetime, just last week the President conferred upon Billy Frank Jr., posthumously, the Presidential 
Medal of Freedom. It is literally no exaggeration to suggest that what Martin Luther King meant to civil rights and Nelson Mandela meant to South Africa, Billy Frank Jr. meant to the entire Pacific Northwest, indeed, to indigenous people throughout the globe. 
He is a fitting person for the prestigious honor that we hope to bestow on him today. We have an opportunity to do something today—and I recommend we seize it—to preserve his legacy in the place he called home. 
Billy Frank Jr. was, indeed, the foremost advocate for restoration of Native American fishing treaty rights in the Pacific Northwest. He cherished clean water and healthy salmon runs. He was a key voice in the recovery of the Puget Sound. 
proudly served our Nation in the United States Marine Corps. He was an MP, I believe, during the Korean war. 
2014 that he passed away even though, at the age of 83, we thought Billy would live forever. He is gone, but his spirit is not and his story is not. His courage and belief in us is here because, you see, Billy wandered the Halls of Congress frequently and testified numerous times. He respected this institution, and he was a powerful voice within our Chambers. 
Wildlife Refuge in the 10th Congressional District, which I have the privilege to represent, which we now protect to give our wildlife a clean and sustainable home. 
Frank’s Landing, which is literally just a hop, skip, and a jump from the refuge. He fished in the Nisqually River, in and next to the area where the refuge is now. That is the location where he was arrested more than 50 times for advocating for his treaty fishing rights. 
after Billy Frank Jr. Also, as has been indicated, it calls for the establishment of a national memorial at the exact place of the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty in 1854. That was the first treaty in the State of Washington between Indian people and the newly established territorial government. In this case, it was between the people of the Nisqually, the Puyallup, Squaxin Island, and the Muckleshoots. 
often asked Billy: How is it you do this, get up every day and so effectively advocate on behalf of clean water and good fish runs? How do you do that decade after decade? 
Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, they will be able to see why he held fishins. They will see why he risked 
worked with others to help protect his home. Like many young people today, he fought for what he believed in, but later worked with lawmakers to build consensus. He started out as a civil rights protestor, civilly disobedient and an advocate. He ended up being one of the great uniters in the history of the Nation and certainly the Pacific Northwest. 
sign that directs them to the refuge, maybe they will feel a little of that Billy magic, too. Maybe they will wonder: Well, who was this Billy Frank Jr.? What did he do? For those of us who knew him, it will be a frequent reminder of this hero. 
time, and the second time when they stop speaking about you. It is our goal that they never stop speaking about Billy Frank Jr. and the lessons he taught us all. The refuge will be a constant reminder. 
loved him like a beloved uncle. In fact, I called him Uncle Billy. But I was absolutely not special in that regard. Hundreds, if not thousands, of people did the same thing. Indeed, at his memorial service, the official estimate of the number in attendance was 10,000. That is how beloved this man was. 
the House Committee on Natural Resources who unanimously approved this bill and all the members of the House delegation from Washington State. I would also like to especially recognize Chairman BISHOP , Ranking 
Member G RIJALVA , and the hardworking committee staff, both for the majority and the minority, for their help on this legislation. 
said: ‘‘I don’t believe in magic. I believe in the sun and the stars, the water, the tides, the floods, the owls, the hawks flying, the river running, the wind talking. They’re measurements. They tell us how healthy things are. How healthy we are. Because we and they are the same.’’ 
they are the same at the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually Wildlife Refuge. 
Mr. H ECKis to be commended for bringing forward such a worthy piece of legislation to honor a man who has done so much in that area. Indeed, this legislation will make sure that his story continues to be told and that he will always be commemorated and memorialized in that region because of that. Congratulations to you on this. 
I am proud to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER). 
colleagues in standing up today for a true American hero, Billy Frank Jr. For Billy, protecting our natural 
world and everything that depends on it wasn’t a political issue; rather, it was an innate calling. Folks responded to that. 
standing up for civil rights. They followed his example by becoming fishermen themselves in places like South Puget Sound. They followed his lead in championing clean water and fish runs and protecting Puget Sound. They listened to his ideas about keeping communities vibrant by building tribal youth centers. 
convinced so many that tribal treaty rights could not be held back and that we can’t keep damaging our environment, that we have got to stand up for extraordinary bodies of water like Puget Sound. He left tracks all across our State and our Nation, and his advocacy will live on. 
To help honor this legacy, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill sponsored by Congressman HECKthat I 
was proud to cosponsor, renaming the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge the Billy Frank Jr. National Wildlife Refuge. It is the right thing to do to honor all the work that Billy did for all of us. It should serve as a reminder that we need to keep fighting for all of those things he fought for. 
I yield back the balance of my time, let me thank the chair of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Ranking Member 
Again, to Mr. H ECKand the delegation from Washington, this is a great piece of legislation. I urge its passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2270, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ALTERNATIVE PLAN FOR 2016 LOCALITYBASED COMPARABILITY PAYMENTS—A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–81) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and ordered to be 
plan for pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems in January 2016. 
Title 5, United States Code, authorizes me to implement alternative pay plans for pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems if, because of ‘‘national emergency or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappropriate. 
Civilian Federal employees have already made significant sacrifices as a result of 3year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. In January 2014 and again in January 2015, increases for civilian Federal employees were limited to a 1.0 percent overall pay increase, an amount lower than the private sector pay increases and statutory formula for adjustments to the base General Schedule for 2014 and 2015. However, as the country’s economic recovery continues, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices. 
Under current law, locality pay increases averaging 28.74 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2016. Federal agency budgets cannot sustain such increases. Accordingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, locality based comparability payments for the locality pay areas established by the President’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall become effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016. These rates are based on an allocation of 0.3 percent of payroll as indicated in my August 28, 2015, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Schedule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to attract and retain a wellqualified Federal workforce. 
shall take effect on the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2016. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 1698. With best wishes, I am 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–353) on the resolution (H. Res. 539) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. Had I been present on rollcall vote 644, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Had I been present on rollcall vote 645, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1170) to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SPECIAL POSTAGE STAMP SALES ARE USED FOR BREAST CANCER RESEARCH. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise today in support of S. 1170, the 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015. It is sponsored primarily by Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN  
United States Postal Service to produce and sell a specific semipostal stamp with the proceeds going to fund breast cancer research. 
Importantly, all of the funds collected must be used for breast cancer research, and S. 1170 includes explicit language to ensure that this is the case. Since the stamp was launched in 1998, it has raised nearly $82 million for breast cancer research. 
programs. The bulk of the money, 70 percent, goes to the National Institutes of Health, and the remaining 30 percent goes to the medical research program at the Department of Defense. We hold both of these organizations accountable and should continue vigorous oversight of them. 
Both the NIH and Department of Defense select specific programs and proposals to receive funding and report on these programs each year. The funds raised by this stamp have helped make meaningful advances in the fight against breast cancer. 
I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of S. 1170, the 
Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015. I thank Senator FEINSTEIN of California for her leadership on the legislation and her commitment to funding breast cancer research. This is a very important bipartisan issue, and 25 Senators have joined Senator FEINSTEIN in sponsoring this 
Representative S PEIER , also from California, for introducing the House companion bill, which has 59 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. 
bringing this bill to the floor and for his support of this crucial legislation. 
the United States Postal Service to issue the popular semipostal stamp that raises funds for breast cancer research. Currently, Postal Service customers can choose to buy a 60cent breast cancer research stamp. The extra 11 cents above the price of the regular firstclass stamp minus the Postal Service’s administrative costs go to lifesaving research. 
Postal Service has sold almost 1 billion breast cancer research stamps, generating nearly $82 million that has gone directly to the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Defense to fund vital research. 
In a 2014 report to Congress, the National Cancer Institute of the NIH has concluded: Having this additional funding has furthered the cancer research community’s efforts to exploit increasing knowledge of genetics and molecular biology to develop more effective and less toxic treatments for breast cancer. 
semipostal stamp is critical in the fight against breast cancer, as one in eight women in the United States will develop invasive breast cancer during her lifetime, according to the American Cancer Society. 
cause of cancer deaths in women after lung cancer. The American Cancer Society estimates that, in 2015, about 40,000 women will die from this disease. 
us today, the authorization for the Postal Service to sell the breast cancer research stamp will expire by the end of the year. 
on both sides of the aisle to support S. 1170. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from California, Ms. SPEIER . 
my colleagues for joining in this effort tonight. I would like to thank my colleague and coauthor of the House version of this bill, H.R. 2191, CYNTHIA  
and leadership on this issue. I want to also thank Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN  
has supported this legislation. She was actually the original author of the legislation back in 1997. b1915 
one person in this room who hasn’t been touched by breast cancer either themselves, through a family member, or through a friend. 
of many Members have all been impacted. My mother survived breast cancer. One of my best friends did not. My health legislative assistant who worked on this legislation lost her mother to breast cancer. She was only 13 years of age when her mother died. 
most important about it is the fact that we have made some progress. But still, one in eight women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime. It is still the second leading cause of death for women in this country. 
legislation is the genesis of this legislation. It is an allAmerican story. It reminds me of the quote by Margaret Mead: 
thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.’’ 
In this case, there is the story of an 
immigrant who came to this country, got educated here, and became a doctor at 26. He became a breast cancer surgeon in Sacramento, California. His name is Dr. Ernie Bodai. He was concerned and frustrated by the slow pace of breast cancer research and all the surgeries he found himself doing over and over again. 
So what did this breast cancer surgeon do? He came to Congress. He made 15 trips to Congress. He spent over $100,000 of his personal money to convince Congress to pass a bill authorizing a breast cancer stamp. In so doing, he was able to generate over, as we have heard already tonight, $80 million. In fact, we are coming close to having sold almost a million stamps in this country for breast cancer research. 
Congress. It took him over 2 years to convince us to do it, but we did it. It is time now to reauthorize the legislation, and I am hopeful that we will do it, because it has in fact shown to be very effective. In fact, it has been used in finding genes that are protective against breast cancer, linking treatment outcomes with certain genes, and identifying women with a low risk of recurrence who can be spared chemotherapy. 
So, my colleagues, this is an important bill to reauthorize. The deadline is, as we have been told, fast approaching. Let’s continue the search for a cure. Let’s be part of that search by buying breast cancer stamps and by reauthorizing the bill. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS). 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank the gentleman from Utah, and I want to thank him for bringing this bill to the floor. I also want to thank the majority leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY , for bringing this 
bill to the floor tonight so we can see this authorization through before the end of this calendar year. 
and other House colleagues, as well as Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN and my Senator and dear friend, M IKEENZIfrom 
Find a Cure.’’ That is why we are here tonight. This is a budgetneutral way to fund critical research to treat and, hopefully, one day cure this disease. 
support of the Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015. To have over $80 million raised since 1998 from this stamp for breast cancer research and have it be budgetneutral is a wonderful way to acknowledge the importance of what we can do as private citizens once the government authorizes and empowers us to fund research through something we would buy every day anyway, and that is stamps. 
that we continue to support this funding of medical research and doing it in a fiscally responsible way that could save hundreds of lives. Who knows; maybe that one little book of stamps that you buy that helps fund breast cancer research will be the one that finds the cure. 
Fund the fight. Find a cure. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank 
my colleague, JACKIE SPEIER ; the committee chairman, J ASON CHAFFETZ ; the 
everyone who has cosponsored this bill, worked on this bill, brought it through the Senate, and brings it to the attention of the House of Representatives tonight. 
We can fund the fight. We can find a 
cure. And tonight, this is the best way to move forward with that goal in mind. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I want to thank all those involved because, as was noted earlier, every life in this building and across this country and across the world has been touched by breast cancer. I lost my mom to breast cancer. I lost my dad to cancer as well—colon cancer. 
work. It has been in place since before the year 2000. The numbers are quite startling. Instead of paying 49 cents for a stamp, you pay 60 cents. And that money, accumulated over time, has generated tens of millions of dollars. It is something that is worthwhile. 
passion for this issue. I appreciate Mrs. LUMMIS and her desire to tackle this. I 
this discussion and their passion on tackling this issue. It truly transcends everything we do. It touches every life, and it is something we must win and we must overcome. This happens to be one of those government programs that actually works. 
And so we are suggesting to our colleagues that we vote ‘‘aye’’ and support this and allow it to continue. It is one of the good things we do. 
pleased to rise today in support of S. 1170, the ‘‘Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015.’’ 
for her commendable leadership in fighting for greater awareness of breast cancer and finding cures and treatment through breast cancer research. 
31, 2019, the Breast Cancer Research Stamp, which will require the U.S. Postal Service to issue a special postage stamp for firstclass mail that costs more than the regular first class stamp in order to raise funds for breast cancer research. 
from the Postal Service must use them on breast cancer research. 
Breast cancer accounts for 1 in 4 cancer diagnoses among women in this country. 
Breast cancer is also the most commonly diagnosed cancer among African American women. 
As an African American woman and I am a 
breast cancer survivor and I know these statistics all too well. 
As a Member of Congress, a mother, grandmother, sister and wife, it is my responsibility and duty to fight to insure that every American can win in the fight against cancer. 
As a proud cancer survivor, I am also proud 
to have secured adoption of an amendment to the FY 2014 Defense Appropriation Act that increased funding for breast cancer research by $10 million. 
We must continue to raise funds for research in order to ensure that the women of our nation no longer have to suffer. 
be used towards lifesaving research to protect all of our grandmothers, mothers, daughters, sisters, aunts and love ones. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2646. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Joint Economic Committee: 
submitting my resignation as the Vice Chairman of the Joint Economic Committee (JEC) effective immediately. It has been an honor to have served in this position, and I look forward to taking on my new role as Chairman of the Ways and Means committee. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
thousands of families dealing with epilepsy and other debilitating seizure disorders have been forced to uproot their families as they travel to States where CBD oil already is legalized. 
CBD oil helps reduce the amount and duration of seizures; but over and over again, the government has stood in the way of access to lifesaving care for these children. 
an inspiring young woman in my district. She suffers from a severe form of epilepsy. Without CBD oil, she suffers upwards of 200 seizures each and every day. 
like her, I helped introduce a bill to stop the government from standing in the way of this lifesaving relief. In honor of Epilepsy Awareness Month, I call on my colleagues to join me so that we can pass the Charlotte’s Web Medical Hemp Act of 2015 and ensure no other family has to endure the loss of a child as they wait for the approval of this natural, lifesaving option. 
passage of the American SAFE Act, the constituents that I serve have reached out to me through phone calls, email, and social media to voice their concerns. 
I want to be clear that I did not view 
the SAFE Act as a vote against Syrian or Iraqi refugees or the greater refugee community. But it is my duty in serving my constituents in Congress to share some of the views that they 
Syrian refugees said, ‘‘Support of this bill and the accompanying shameful public comments about refugees make us less safe and respond from fear, not strength.’’ 
Messages in support of refugees continue to pour in, stating loud and clear that America cannot turn its back on refugees. I want to thank the constituents that I serve for their continued feedback. 
House once more about this subject at length. I don’t want to remain silent about this issue because the district that I serve has made it very clear that they care very deeply about it. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, as cochairman of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I rise today to emphasize the importance of quality CTE programs, which allow students to succeed in areas that keep our Nation competitive in the global economy. 
State University, where threedimensional printers were used to create parts for a wide variety of industries, including those which support our national defense. These students are also among those leading the way in creating metal parts which once could only be fabricated at powdered metal plants. I was also proud to see very similar 
programs being offered at the high school level. I spoke to the superintendent of the St. Marys School District in Elk County and was pleased to learn that students at St. Marys High School are graduating with many of the skills needed to succeed in these growing vocational and technical fields. 
I am hopeful that with the next reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act we can enhance the partnerships that bridge the gap between our high schools, technical schools, colleges, universities, and employers. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today in recognition of Officer Verna Gay, who was recently named Officer of the Third Quarter of 2015 of my hometown Village of Pinecrest Police Department. 
During one particular incident earlier this year, Verna showed brilliant situational awareness in helping to investigate the burglary of a local business. Responding to the scene as a backup, Verna’s proactive efforts led to the capture and arrest of two subjects who were involved in the crime. 
I commend Officer Gay for her impressive actions in support of the safety of the people of my hometown, the Village of Pinecrest. Verna’s continued dedication and service help make sure our hometown remains a safe place in which to live, raise a family, and conduct business. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
honor the service and sacrifice of one of my constituents and my friend, Donald R. Boyer, who passed away on November 21, 2015. 
fought bravely in the Battle of the Bulge, was captured by German forces, and spent many months as a prisoner of war, for which he was awarded the Purple Heart. 
the Chrysler Corporation as a zone real estate manager for 27 years. Throughout his career, Don found several ways to continue to serve our Nation and fellow veterans. 
Second District commander of the American Legion, trustee of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 846, and was serving as local chapter commander of the American ExPrisoners of War when he unfortunately passed away. 
Don also served on my Veterans Advisory Committee for more than 5 years, providing great insight to issues involving our Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. 
and sacrifice, along with all the men and women of the Greatest Generation, our Nation would not be as resilient and flourishing as it is today, and we remain ever thankful for their service. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
technology makes a huge difference for millions of Americans by giving them access to lifeimproving and lifesaving technologies, devices, and treatments. With new developments, we should be encouraging the use of these innovations to achieve better outcomes and lower longterm health costs. 
Medicare has continuously made decisions that threaten the use of this technology. As Yogi Berra once said, ‘‘It’s deja vu all over again.’’ 
would limit access to critical speech generating devices. Then, it was patients that use lower limb prosthetics that could see reduced access. 
rules now that would limit access to pneumatic compression pumps for those managing a condition called lymphedema and those using individually configured Complex Rehab. 
forced to take action in some of these instances, like when we passed the Steve Gleason Act earlier this year. But the series of proposed rules are now alarming, in that they will raise longterm health costs and result in worse outcomes. 
We need to look at a new path forward when it comes to embracing and protecting access to medical technology. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for 60 
ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
tonight is a night of action and reflection for this Congress. This evening, the Congressional Black Caucus will take a look at a number of significant events that have occurred this year and discuss the urgent and pressing concerns of today. 
have this moment of reflection in order to examine the issues that have caused our community the greatest concern. This conversation must be had, so we have to have an honest and impactful dialogue that will help Congress engage communities and act so we can create a better future today. 
apathy is the inability to prioritize that which is important. Congress cannot afford to be apathetic any longer. We must get serious about the issues that threaten the true potential of our Nation—issues like gun violence that imperil our safety and security, issues like joblessness and wage discrimination that are barriers to our collective economic prosperity, issues like restrictive voting laws that are fundamentally contrary to the democratic right of American citizens and concerns with badapple community police. 
come to this very floor numerous times to address many of these issues, and, sadly, this body has yet to act on many of these concerns. 
Last week, in my home district, Chicago was rocked by a disturbing video that was released showing the police shooting of 17year old Laquan McDonald. He had been shot 16 times by his arresting officer. Most of the shots were fired when McDonald was no longer standing. Some entered through his back. 
depth of my outrage at this senseless killing. The video is nothing short of horrific. Tonight, I want to express my condolences to the McDonald family, for whom the pain of losing their loved one has undoubtedly been compounded by having his death on public display. 
in Congress can play in putting the issues of violence in our communities in the forefront. We have chosen not to. 
Laquan’s death is, it needed to be made public because the lingering questions surrounding this case and cases like the death of Walter Scott are equally disturbing. 
to take a moment to give my thanks to the many activists in Chicago who expressed their outrage in a civil and productive way and, particularly, the young activists. 
have been at the forefront of the call for justice for Laquan and their positive and productive movement for change. It is an example I hope all Americans will follow in helping to 
create a fairer, more equitable system of justice for us all. 
a conversation about how, in the midst of these tragedies and national adversity, the Congressional Black Caucus is working and achieving positive and productive moments of change. 
colleagues about efforts the CBC has led to usher in criminal justice reform, about the work of the CBC in increasing diversity in the tech sector through our TECH 2020 initiative, about the CBC Health Braintrust work and addressing the issue of health disparities through the release of the 2015 Kelly Report, about how we are raising awareness and working to bring back kidnapped victims of Boko Haram in Nigeria, and about how the CBC has been a critical broker in numerous legislative efforts before this Congress. 
because there is much worth reflecting on and celebrating. 
my last Special Order hour for the year. I must say that, while this time has flown by, it has been an honor and a privilege to represent this distinguished caucus. 
So I yield to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. DONALD  
PAYNE , Jr., my very distinguished partner in crime for this past few months, or year, actually. 
like to thank my dear friend and colleague, Congresswoman KELLY , for anchoring this final Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. In fact, I would like to thank Congresswoman KELLY for coanchoring all the Special 
Order hours with me throughout 2015. It has been my real honor and pleasure to spend all these Mondays with you bringing forth issues that matter in our community. 
I appreciate you choosing me to coanchor these congressional Special Order hours with Congresswoman KELLY . It is a great honor, and we are 
a body of 40plus, so to have that honor to be chosen means a great deal to me. And I am certain that 2016’s coanchors will proudly serve, as we have. 
As Congresswoman KELLY mentioned, we are here to reflect on all the work that the Congressional Black Caucus has done throughout the year, to look at the accomplishments. 
Special Order hour by reflecting on the 50th anniversary of the March on Selma, where we are today, and where we are headed for tomorrow. Through this hour, we were able to set the tone for the Congressional Black Caucus agenda with our leader, G.K. BUTTERFIELD , at the helm. 
were made by African Americans to the place that we are today. We reflected 
on the work that is being done right now through the caucus in the House of Representatives. 
hour, we looked towards the future. We intend to put forward the most effort in order to make sure that African Americans are wellrepresented and afforded equally in all phases of these United States. 
Monday after Monday, we have addressed the many challenges and inequalities that face African American communities. We have contributed to this country with blood, sweat, and tears, hard work and entrepreneurial ideas and inclusiveness. We aren’t owed anything. We are a significant thread in the cloth that makes this United States grow. 
We have talked about criminal justice reform, economics, unemployment, underemployment, incarceration, voting rights, felon disenfranchisement, and health disparities, and those are just a few of the issues that we have tackled this year. 
the ‘‘conscience of the Congress,’’ we continue to put forth issues that are 
relevant and prevalent in today’s society. I have just been honored to be part of the spokesteam to bring awareness and raise these issues on a weekto week basis. 
those kinds words. It has truly been an honor serving with you. 
Congressional Black Caucus, the gentleman from North Carolina, Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD . 
Jersey for his friendship and for his tireless work on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus and on behalf of the people that he represents back home in the great State of New Jersey. 
work, and thank you for the kind words that you had to say about me this evening. 
And to my other colleague, Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY from the Second 
District of Illinois, not only do you manage the floor on Monday nights, Ms. KELLY , on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus, but you also are the chair of our CBC Health Braintrust that does so much for so many. 
You have begun to focus the attention of the Nation on the issue of gun violence in our country. 
this evening by thanking both of you for your work. 
here this evening, especially the newer ones to this body, may not fully understand what the CBC is. The Congressional Black Caucus is an organization. 
Speaker, that does not mean that 1971 was the first year that this body had African American Members of Congress. Actually, the first African American was elected to Congress in 1870. 
There were some 21 African Americans who served in this body during Reconstruction and postReconstruction. The CBC formally organized, Mr. Speaker, in 1971 with 13 Members. Over the years, those 13 members have now grown into 46 members. 
members of the CBC continue to belong to this body. They are Congressman JOHN CONYERS from Michigan, who is 
actually the dean of the House, as well as Congressman CHARLES RANGEL from 
the State of New York. They were two of our founding members. 
The CBC, as I said, now consists of 46 
members. Of the 46 members, one is from the other body, from the United States Senate, and 45 serve here in the House of Representatives. 
I might say that one of our 45 members is a Republican Member of this body, our dear friend from Utah (Mrs. LOVE). And so it is absolutely correct 
for us to say that we are bicameral and we are bipartisan. 
in addition to the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands. Collectively, Mr. Speaker, we represent more than 30 million people. 
I might say, of the 21 standing committees that we have here in this House, 7 of those 21 committees have a CBC member as the top Democrat on the committee. We call that the ranking member. The gentleman who will speak in just a moment, Mr. SCOTT of 
Virginia, is one of those ranking members on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
very demanding on CBC members. We have been busy. We have consistently fought back every day and every week against Republican attempts to balance the budget on the backs of hardworking Americans—not just African Americans, but hardworking Americans, Black, White, and Brown. 
CBC, have been focused on many different things. I will mention just a few. In the interest of time, we have been focusing on criminal justice reform because that is so important to the African American community. 
to protect—the social safety net that many of our vulnerable communities depend on. We have been trying to enhance educational opportunities for African American students and strengthening and preserving HBCUs, that is, Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
Mr. Speaker, we have spent considerable energy this year trying to have full enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. As many of my colleagues may know, the U.S. Supreme Court decided 
in a decision some years ago, 4 years ago—actually, in 2013 it was—that the Voting Rights Act, at least a part of it—that part that deals with preclearance of voting changes—that that section could not be enforced until this Congress redefined the formula for determining which States or which counties should be subject to that part of the Voting Rights Act, and this Congress has not acted. 
enforce the Voting Rights Act. We have exposed that and we continue to fight. We are talking about diversity in corporate America, and we are going to hear more about that in the years to come. 
carry out these priorities. This year the CBC launched the CBC TECH 2020. This initiative brings together the best minds in technology in nonprofit education in the public sector to increase African American inclusion at all levels of the technology industry. 
In addition to outlining best practices for diversity principles, CBC TECH 2020 has empowered our members to provide resources for African American students and entrepreneurs through the introduction of legislation focused on increasing STEM education. 
would embrace that concept, the concept of STEM education—science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—and workforce development, cybersecurity, and copyright and patent reform. 
Valley, talked to the technology giants like Apple, Google, Bloomberg, and Intel about their diversity efforts. We were pleased with their response and their willingness to improve the diversity within their companies. 
the biweekly CBC message to America. We now broadcast across several digital platforms. The messages to America have been highly received. They have been widely watched with some of our most popular messages focusing on criminal justice reform, police violence, poverty, education, the importance of HBCUs, and ending the stigma of racism in America. 
Finally, on August 6, the CBC recognized the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. In the 2 years following the Supreme Court’s ruling to overturn section 4 in the Shelby County v. Holder case, voting rights have come under assault, Mr. Speaker. They have come under renewed assault. 
have been put in place in 22 States, making it harder for millions of eligible Americans to exercise their right to vote. The CBC has been very vocal on these efforts, including outreach in Wisconsin. We filed an amicus brief in the States of Wisconsin, in North Carolina, and in Alabama. The CBC has asserted for years that 
Black Americans are unfairly treated and disproportionately exposed to the criminal justice system. Police bias and excessive use of force are real in the African American community. We see it every day. We must restore the American people’s trust in our criminal justice system. 
the economic opportunities for African Americans. The CBC, in coordination with the Joint Economic Committee Democrats, have held two public forums in Baltimore and Harlem, I might say, entitled ‘‘The American Dream on Hold: Economic Challenges in the African American Community,’’ where we discussed with those communities the impact of economic challenges and persistent inequities facing African American communities across the country. 
things that I could say about the work of the Congressional Black Caucus. We are busy. We are engaged every day not only representing African Americans, but representing every American who is affected by some of the policies that have been enacted by this Congress. 
Thank you for the time this evening. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
certainly a great list of our achievements. Like you said, that was just some of the things that we have been able to accomplish, and there is a lot more that you can say. We can go on and on. Thank you for your leadership and making sure that we get some of these things done. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Ms. KELLY , I believe you mentioned to Mr. P AYNE that 
he was your partner in crime. I want those who may be watching this on television to know that was really a joke. 
this time, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). 
I want to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois and the gentleman from New Jersey for organizing this Special Order tonight. It takes a lot of work and a lot of time to organize these efforts, and I want to thank them both for the time and effort that they have put into this. 
Congressional Black Caucus has done over the years. There are two areas that I have been personally involved in with the CBC effort in the areas of education and criminal justice reform. On both we have worked hard and achieved bipartisan support. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which is a civil rights bill, makes sure that the admonition in Brown v. Board of Education becomes a reality. It says that no child shall reasonably be expected to succeed in life if denied the opportunity of an education and such an opportunity must be made available to all on equal terms. That is what the Brown decision held. 
fund it primarily through the real estate tax, guaranteeing that wealthy areas will have more resources for education than lowincome areas. 
So 50 years ago we passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which provides funding directed primarily to help the challenges in educating lowincome children particularly in concentrated areas of poverty. 
added to that by making sure that we ascertained whether or not there are achievement gaps in certain groups and requires action to be taken to solve those achievement gaps. 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that the needs of all children are addressed. That legislation has just come out of conference. It came out of conference with an overwhelming—almost unanimous—vote, a bipartisan vote. So we look forward to the continuation of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
are going to be working on is the Higher Education Act, also originally passed 50 years ago. When President Johnson signed that bill, he pointed out that every child should be able to go to any college in any State. Back then that was actually a reality because a lowincome student with a maximum Pell Grant and a summer job could virtually work his way through college with no debt. 
Pell Grant has eroded, instead of 75 percent of the cost of education, now it is down to about onethird and the rest has to be picked up with devastating student loans. We need to pass a Higher Education Act that makes access to college a reality, not just a dream. 
We can do that, and there is bipartisan support for that effort. So in education we are making progress with the Congressional Black Caucus and we have been able to achieve bipartisan support. 
been able to achieve bipartisan support in the criminal justice reform efforts. We have a problem in criminal justice now because, for decades, we have been passing all these slogans and sound bites, particularly, mandatory minimums that have run our incarceration rate up to number one in the world by far. We have 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent are prisoners. 
out that our incarceration rate is so high that it is actually counterproductive; that is, we have got so many children being raised with parents in prison and we have got so many people with felony records that can’t find jobs and the prison budget in the Department of Justice is eating up so much of the budget that the other things that can actually reduce crime don’t have the funds that they actually need. 
able to achieve late last year was the Death in Custody Reporting Act, which 
requires any death in the custody of law enforcement—that is a death in jail, a death in prison, or death in the process of arrest—will be reported to the Justice Department so that the discussion about all of these deaths can be based on facts, not just speculation. 
to pass criminal justice reform. The Judiciary Committee, in a subcommittee task force led by JIMSENSENBRENNER from Wisconsin and myself, had an overcriminalization task force. The one thing we noticed was that 30 States were able to reduce incarceration and reduce crime at the same time. 
faced with a $2 billion request for prison expansion to keep up with the slogans and sound bites that they had been codifying over the years—$2 billion. Someone suggested, instead of spending $2 billion, how about trying to spend a couple of hundred million— researchbased, evidencebased targeted expenditures—to actually reduce crime, and maybe they wouldn’t have to spend all $2 billion. 
Well, that is what they did. They intelligently spent. With a research based and evidencebased approach to reduce crimes, they made those expenditures and looked up. They didn’t have to build any new prisons at all. In fact, they were able to close some of the prisons they had. Over 30 States have reduced crime and saved money just in using the same strategy. 
So as a result of the overcriminalization task force, we created a comprehensive criminal justice bill that starts with investments in prevention and early intervention, has diversion to drug courts so that people with drug problems can have their problems solved rather than just spinning through the criminal justice system, a significant reduction in mandatory minimums so they would be reserved for true kingpins, not for people caught up in the conspiracy, like girlfriends and things like that. 
mandatory minimums. Everyone else would get a sentence that made sense. If you go to jail, then you should be rehabilitated, not just warehoused, and we should have funding for Second Chance programs. 
The beauty of the bill is that the savings in prison space by the reduction in mandatory minimums will be redirected to pay for the prevention and early intervention, the drug courts, the prison reform efforts, and the Second Chance programs so all of those programs are paid for. 
police training. As we go through the trauma of these trials that are going on as we speak in Baltimore and Chicago, when you get to a solution, it will undoubtedly involve police training and probably body cameras, and those are funded in the Safe Justice 
Act by diverting money from the savings in mandatory minimums to those programs. We have broad bipartisan support, many very conservative, many very liberal organizations, all supporting the Safe Justice Act and other criminal justice reform efforts. The Black Caucus should be proud of the efforts that they have put in to making sure that we have a fair and equitable criminal justice system. 
I would like to thank again the gentlewoman from Illinois for all of her hard work and the gentleman from New Jersey for his hard work in pointing out many of the good things that the Congressional Black Caucus has accomplished, many things they have accomplished this year and a lot of things we are working on for next year. So I thank you for your hard work and dedication. 
We have a conference committee report that came out with an overwhelming bipartisan vote that will ensure that young people will have their educational needs met. I want to thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE) for his hard work and cooperation on that bill. 
the information on the Safety Justice Act and education. The two really go hand in hand. If our young people have more skills and are educated, then I think that we will see less crime. We always say, in my area, ‘‘Nothing stops a bullet like a job,’’ so thank you for that information and for all of your hard work. 
At this time, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), a 
woman of great knowledge and experience, and one of my heroes. 
Ms. LEE. First, let me thank Congresswoman KELLY for those very generous remarks, but also for your tremendous leadership and for staying the course and making sure that we are here really speaking truth to power each and every week on behalf of the Black Caucus. 
leadership and for really rising to the occasion on so many issues. In the very short time that you have been here, you have hit the ground running and really have made a tremendous difference. 
I want to just speak for a few minutes as it relates to the review of the Congressional Black Caucus for the last year or 2 years. I have to just say that our leader, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , has 
been a very bold and tremendous leader. We have accomplished quite a bit, and we have a lot more to do. While 2015 has been very challenging, I believe that the Congressional Black Caucus has really stepped up and made a huge difference not only for the African American community and communities of color, but for the entire country. 
We have also witnessed powerful and moving protests across the country in places like Missouri, New York, and even in my district in Oakland and in Berkeley, California, with people of all backgrounds and ages coming together to demand justice, to petition their government, to exercise their democratic rights. 
who are standing up and demanding an end to racism and injustice in many of our communities. They are truly bringing the civil rights movement into the 21st century. I want them to know that they have allies here in the people’s House. 
brushed aside issues affecting the African American community and other communities of color. It is past time that everyone steps up and does the good work that we were sent to Washington to do, that the Congressional Black Caucus has done for many, many decades. 
and looking at what has happened with the Voting Rights Act. As you know, this year marks the 50th anniversary of this landmark legislation. The Voting Rights Act was gutted by the Supreme Court in its Shelby v. Holder decision, and, of course, Republican State legislators have fallen all over to restrict voting rights across the country everywhere. 
the form of voter ID requirements, elimination of sameday voter registration, and really severe reduction in early voting efforts. We must call these efforts for what they are: Republican attempts to take away one of our most fundamental rights. But we will not let this happen. 
SEWELL and J OHNLEWIS and Mr. C LYBURN , the entire Congressional Black 
Caucus. Our bill, H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, sponsored by Congresswoman SEWELL , who represents Selma, Alabama, would restore the preclearance provisions of the Voting Rights Act for any State that has had 15 or more voting rights violations in the last 25 years in the preclearance process. 
ballot, and we will fill our legislative halls with men—and, of course, women—with goodwill. 
really want to see democracy fulfilled. So we need our young people to keep up the street heat and demand that Congress act. 
about restoring the Voting Rights Act and ensuring that all Americans—and that means all Americans—have free and unobstructed access to the ballot box. 
Also, the serious economic disparities that persist in the African American community are very, very evident. According to a report released earlier 
this year by the Joint Economic Committee, led by ranking member Congresswoman CAROLYN MALONEY , and 
the Congressional Black Caucus, we learned, and it is very glaring, that more than one in three Black children are born into poverty, and the African American poverty rate is three times that of White Americans. 
starts in our school systems, where Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions, despite accounting for only 18 percent of enrollment. Now, that is preschool expulsion. Every time I remember this and say this, it really makes me very terrified about what is taking place with young Black kids, especially with young Black boys, because there is no way anybody, no kids, should be expelled from preschool. That is ages 1 to 4. That is outrageous. 
great Black men, and I am the grandmother of two Black boys, and I find statistics like that very, very troubling. For African Americans, we have allowed our school system to be turned into a pipeline to prison. We must act now to address systemic issues facing our education and our criminal justice systems. 
BOBBY SCOTT and Congressman C ONYERS because they have worked for decades on criminal justice reform, and we are beginning to see some progress as a result of their very diligent work. 
Our criminal justice system is broken. It needs to be rebuilt from the ground up. So alongside of our CBC colleagues, once again we are calling for comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
which I cochair with Chairman BUTTERFIELD , our Tech 2020 initiative. 
Silicon Valley is right next to my district in California. There are great opportunities there for everyone. 
been inclusive of hiring and contracting with and working with communities of color, especially the African American community. So I am very pleased that the Tech 2020 of the Congressional Black Caucus has been initiated. We are working with our great leader, Reverend Jesse Jackson, with an insideoutside strategy. Many of the tech companies understand what is taking place and that they need to be an industry that is inclusive of everyone. 
Rainbow PUSH, along with the tech industry are working on a variety of strategies to make sure that this industry which provides goodpaying jobs and opportunities is an industry that is inclusive, that does not discriminate, and that includes the diversity of this great country. 
So I have to just say to Congresswoman KELLY and Congressman 
chance to talk about so many of the issues that we have been working on. 
When you look at the issue of poverty, cutting poverty in half in 10 years, we know how to do it. We have legislation, the Half in Ten Act, H.R. 258, to do that, and the Pathways Out of Poverty Act, H.R. 2721. We know how to provide opportunities. The Congressional Black Caucus once again is leading on all of these fronts. It is a big agenda, but it is an agenda that makes our country stronger. 
PAYNE , for the chance to be with you 
up so many issues that are so interconnected—again, education, diversity inclusion. When you think about preschoolers getting expelled, that is not a good start. And what message does it send to that young man or that young woman or that little boy or that little girl? But all of the things that you talked about—voting rights—are all interconnected, and we need to accomplish all of those goals for a better America, and not just for African Americans, but for everybody. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you very much. I just want to say that I think what 
is reflective in the Congressional Black Caucus’ agenda and all of the work that we have done for so many years is really an effort to show that how, if you ensure that opportunity is there for everyone, including African Americans and communities of color and people who have been shut out and marginalized, our country becomes stronger. This means that everybody benefits—not only for the Congressional Black Caucus, this is for the entire country. So thank you again for your leadership. 
to thank you for your leadership and all of the work that you have done to make Congress stronger, as well as the caucus stronger. 
At this time, I yield to the gentleman from Brooklyn, New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). 
the distinguished gentlewoman for yielding. And I also thank, of course, my good friend and colleague, Congressman DONPAYNE , from across the 
Hudson River, who does such a tremendous job of representing the people of Newark and Essex County. 
to watch my two colleagues during this year preside over the CBC Special Order hour, giving us, as a caucus, an opportunity to share with the American people some of our thoughts and ideas and the issues that we are working on to improve a lot of those that we represent in the African American community and all across this great, gorgeous mosaic in the United States of America. 
events of the last few days as relates to the Laquan McDonald case out of 
About a year ago, many of us from the Congressional Black Caucus were on this very House floor talking about the failure to indict in the killing of Michael Brown; and in the same week, 3 days later, the failure to indict in the strangulation of Eric Garner, who, of course, was put into an unauthorized choke hold and killed as a result of allegedly selling loose cigarettes. 
of African American men being killed at the hands of police officers, which is a decadeold problem that, hopefully, here in America we will find the courage one day to confront. 
to come to the House floor to deal with the tragedy of the Laquan McDonald case, a 17yearold shot 16 times in 15 seconds by an officer who had 20 prior civilian complaints filed against him. I am no mathematician, but those numbers simply do not add up. The tape comes out and we see what occurred: an individual, Laquan, who was walking away from the officers, not toward the officers. There is no reasonable circumstance, I believe, that led to that individual being shot down like a dog on the streets of Chicago. 
months later, and, hopefully, the justice system will run its course and the officer will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. 
another troubling issue that relates to this problem of the police use of excessive force. That is not just the bad apples who engage in this behavior; it is the fact that, far too often, the police officers in the department, who may not otherwise engage in excessive force but who have grown up in a culture of a blue wall of silence, support these officers either with their inaction or, in some instances, by actively participating in a coverup. 
Now, I know that is hard for a lot of 
Americans to hear because, listen, I also believe that the overwhelming majority of officers are hardworking individuals who are there to protect and serve. 
am here concerned on the House floor that far too many officers stand by, tolerate, and enable the excessive use of force, sometimes resulting in American citizens being killed without justification. 
problem. Laquan gets killed, and if you look at the reports in the immediate aftermath of his death last October— and I just pulled a few—here is what we were told. 
chase, police said. When the officers confronted him near 41st Street and Pulaski Road, he refused their orders to drop the knife and began walking toward the officers, police said. 
‘‘Pat Camden, spokesman for the Chicago Fraternal Order of Police, said the teen had a ‘crazed’ look about him as 
Let’s go to NBC. ‘‘Responding officers found a 17yearold boy ‘with a strange gaze about him,’ who was carrying a knife and wouldn’t drop it when police ordered him to do so, Fraternal Order of Police spokesman Pat Camden said. 
try and box the boy in against a fence near West 41st Street and South Pulaski Road, Camden said. An officer shot him in the chest when the teen didn’t drop the knife and continued to walk toward officers, police said.’’ 
shot and killed a 17yearold after a foot chase near 41st Street and Pulaski . . . Officers shot the teen after he waved the knife at them.’’ 
read one more. This is from the Chicago Tribune: ‘‘Officers got out of their car and began approaching McDonald, again telling him to drop the knife, Camden said. The boy allegedly lunged at the officers, and one of them opened fire.’’ 
weapon, all you have to do is drop it.’’’ 
at the fiction that was put out there to justify the murder of this 17yearold. 
been reported that in the immediate aftermath of the shooting four or five officers went to a nearby Burger King and asked to view the surveillance tape. The manager at Burger King gives them the password to the video. They spend a couple of hours in Burger King—I mean, a couple of hours in Burger King, allegedly—and then they leave. 
Then internal affairs officers apparently come in the days afterward, and they pull the tape. Guess what? Eighty six minutes are missing. It happens to be the 86 minutes that cover the period of time when Laquan McDonald was killed. 
people across the country say Black lives matter and they are concerned about the lack of justice in the system, understand that it is not just the excessive use of force; it is the fact that far too many officers, law enforcement folks, participate actively in covering up what has occurred. 
blue wall of silence, we are going to continue to have to come to this House floor, and you are going to continue to see individuals be killed as a result of the use of excessive force. 
should confront, and we should confront it boldly and directly and without hesitation if we really want to uplift the best values of our great democracy. 
the gentleman for his profound remarks on this occasion. 
to what happened to this youngster. That is what he was—a youngster, a child. I have 17yearold triplets. God forbid my children find themselves in that predicament. 
I will not even try to match the remarks by the gentleman from New York. I think he stated the case clearly. 
segment in this country that gets upset when they hear that, but you need to understand what they are saying. It is: Why is there no worth to African American lives? That is what they are asking. Why is it so easy that we continually find people of color on the wrong end of these weapons? 
manner in which the gentleman from New York stated—86 minutes. Now, my children love Burger King, but you only need 20 minutes if there is a line in Burger King to do what you need to do. But they spent hours there, getting their story right, making sure everybody would corroborate what they were going to say. 
exists. That is why we continue to bring these issues up. That is why we will not let it go quietly into the night. 
When did he lunge? When was he shot once in the chest? When did any of those things that were reported occur in that video? He was walking away. 
He did still have the knife in his hand, but he was walking away. Most of the shots that were put into his body were after he was on the ground. The officer feared for his life. 
Black lives matter. Our next speaker is the gentlewoman 
from Houston, Texas, the wonderful, dynamic, one of my heroes, the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON LEE. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey and the gentlewoman from Illinois but I want to specifically say Chicago. I join my colleagues. 
an important statement of the value of the Congressional Black Caucus. I am glad our tone is such that we are compassionate, we have emotion, but we are detailed. 
to be concise on the value of the Congressional Black Caucus in American history, its place in this Congress to be the provocative orators and articulators of the conscience of this Nation. 
Let me first of all say that I have 
been privileged but certainly have mourned May 15, when all of us paid attention to fallen law enforcement officers who are honored here in the United States Capitol. Any number of us has gone to the grounds, and we have hugged those from our districts, we have honored families, and we have recognized the pain. 
was an assassination of sorts of a deputy sheriff in Houston, a number of unfortunate assassinations or shootings of police in New York, and I saw the Nation mourn. 
I think it is important to say this because, often, when we say ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ it seems conflicted. People raise the issues that African Americans or the Nation seem to be hesitant about law enforcement officers, and that is not true. 
Black Caucus and Chairman BUTTERFIELD because we started out 
this year with a criminal justice agenda. I just want to quickly go down memory lane or to reflect very quickly to say that it was the leadership and the combined Members who raised a number of issues that have brought us to the point that we have actually passed in the Senate and in the House Judiciary Committee criminal justice sentencing legislation. 
We are not where we need to be, but 
the Sentencing Reform Act will reduce mass incarceration by 11,500. Of those who are currently incarcerated, it will give retroactive relief, and an additional 4,000 will benefit each year. Combined with that, it will be 50,000 over 10 years. 
criminal justice system in a way that speaks to the whole idea of Blacks, minorities, Hispanics, and others being the fodder for the criminal justice system. In my district in Houston, Texas, Black and Hispanic youth make up over 75 percent of the male population age 10 to 24 years, but Black and Hispanic youth account for 85 percent of the youth admitted in our detention centers. 
sentencing, and I think with the help of this bipartisan legislation, which has been initiated and brought to the attention of this Congress by members of the Congressional Black Caucus in working with other Members of this body, both Republicans and Democrats, we have legislation that should pass. 
As we all know and as we have been 
mystified and mourning this tape, I know that Congresswoman KELLY in 
her hometown has been a champion for justice, along with her fellow colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, BOBBY RUSHand D ANNY DAVIS, 
who have been front and center on these issues. So we must continue the journey of dealing with the juvenile justice. 
Might I say that I hope we will come 
around the issues of the RAISE Act, of the Fair Chance for Youth Act, and of Kalief’s Law, ending solitary confinement for young people in the juvenile justice system, banning the arrest record, and, of course, giving alternative sentencing to these young people. 
horrific shooting, because what ‘‘Black Lives Matter’’ speaks to is coming together around an improved law enforcement system. That is why I came to the floor today—to be able to say, unless we move forward on legislation that deals with best practices in our police departments, we are going to continue the tension that should not exist. 
to the video that has been shown. I wonder what the sentencing or the reaction or the ultimate result would have been if there were a video of Darren Wilson and Michael Brown. There was not. I still believe that with Michael Brown, an unarmed youth, his actor, who happened to be a law enforcement person, should not have gone unpunished. 
was completely mischaracterized, or, in essence, the story was characterized completely contrary to the video that was shown. So what is the answer? 
with all the time will indicate that there are bad apples, and they are right. Then work with us to pass the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which provides the roadmap and the incentive for all of these departments to be accredited and to have officers go through the specific training that documents how you address the question of the street. 
communityoriented policing. It includes grants to incentivize better training and better training practices. 
of Congress. We should not end this Congress without a complete and reformed criminal justice system, including dealing with law enforcement, which is clearly what the Congressional Black Caucus has been working on. 
So I am hoping that we can find this 
common ground because there is no explanation that is reasonable or rational of the actions of the officer in Chicago. 
the officer in the Sandra Bland case. Ladies and gentlemen, you remember this young woman dying in a jail. They have yet to come up with an indictment or a response. They have yet to have an answer of the jail that standards were an embarrassment in Waller County. 
come forward in the Sandra Bland case. The family has not been notified. The lawyer doesn’t know what is going on. We met with those individuals not to direct them, but to ensure that they were going to respect this death. Nothing has happened about the stop that we saw in the video. Nothing has happened about the jail incarceration. 
I simply have come to the floor to indicate to my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to work with us on a number of issues that those in the Congressional Black Caucus reach out in the spirit of bipartisanship, dealing with the Voting Rights Reauthorization in section 5, providing opportunities for Historically Black Colleges which we have been at the leadership realm of, making sure that the criminal justice system addresses the overincarceration of our youth, dealing with the question of policing, which the Black Lives Matters speaks to it eloquently. 
massive protests of 10,000 people down this wonderful Michigan Avenue as: There they go again. We have got to find a place at the table to be able to reorient, if you will, how we do policing in America. I would ask my colleagues that we move swiftly in this term in this Congress to be able to address this. 
The violence of guns is outrageous. I want to speak very quietly about the Planned Parenthood incident because I don’t want to provoke, but I believe it is important to note we always say for those who don’t want to hear us about gun safety closing the gun show loophole, banning assault weapons which the individual had. 
may be determined to have a mental health concern or condition, but he had an automatic rifle of some sort. And, unfortunately, we lost several persons in the course of the incident, although the investigation is still ongoing. 
crime. My friends, our community doesn’t ignore that. But what we say is that guns are involved in most of these deaths. Not only are guns involved, but we must understand that, when a gun is used by an officer, it is distinct from BlackonBlack crime because it is under color of law. 
comes to the table to ensure that these very sensitive issues are handled with the greatest delicacy, but with the greatest commitment and passion that we want to stop the killing, stop the deaths, and have the decency to reflect on a parent like Mr. PAYNE , a parent 
like Ms. K ELLY , a parent like myself. 
matter. The Congressional Black Caucus wants to work to ensure that we have the answers that the American people have asked us for and that they deserve. 
As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security as well as the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Investigations, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order to speak to the issues that members of the 114th Congress must address. 
No other country imprisons a larger percentage of its population than the United States or spends anywhere near the $6.5 billion that we spend annually on prison administration. 
so many nonviolent offenders is fiscally unsustainable and morally unjustifiable and it 
will take the combined efforts of policy makers, reform advocates, legal professionals, and private citizens to solve the problem. 
road to reform with a law I cosponsored, the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010, which eliminated the crack versus powder disparity. Earlier this month, the House took another big step when its Judiciary Committee favorably reported another bill I sponsored, the Sentence Reform Act of 2015 (H.R. 3713), which will help reform a criminal justice system that often seems less effective at reforming criminals and more effecting in inflicting collateral damage on families and communities. 
reduce mass incarceration by making over 11,500 individuals, who are currently incarcerated, eligible for retroactive relief and an additional 4,000 will benefit each year. Combined, this is over 50,000 in ten years. These estimates are conservative, as not all the positive reforms can be quantified. 
young children are being arrested, incarcerated, and detained in lengthy outofhome placements. 
through the mass transit on the way to school, the school resource officer at school, and patrol officers on the way home. 
encountered should not be arrested but assessed for underlying issues that can nearly always be handled without ever having contact with the justice system. 
At least 75 percent of children within the juvenile justice system have experienced traumatic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health disorders and perceived behavioral noncompliance and misconduct. 
many as 70–80 percent of youth involved in the justice system meet the criteria for a disability. 
Hispanic Youth make up over 75% of the male population aged 10–24 years. 
A majority of these admissions into detention are for minor and misdemeanor offenses—behavior that should not require locking youth up. 
Especially when the rate of detention continues to reflect disproportionate minority contact and criminalization of minority youth. 
As we look to reform our juvenile and criminal justice system, and be what President Obama has called upon us be: ‘‘My Brother’s and Sister’s Keeper’’—we must move away from the engrained culture of criminalization as the answer to our problems. 
These include: I have introduced 13 additional pieces of 
young people in the federal system by providing judges more flexible sentencing options, encourages diversion, increases home confinement opportunities, ends mandatory life without parole, mandates housing and programming specific to the needs of youth, and creates youthspecific diversion and pilot programs. 
better enables young people to reenter and contribute to our communities by creating a 
mechanism for sealing or expungement of certain youth criminal records. If we are ever to stop the cycle of recidivism, we must give our young people a real chance to succeed after they have paid their debt to society. 
of Kalief Browder, to establish more humane rules for incarcerated youth by banning the use of solitary confinement, mandating certain minimum standards and procedural protections for pretrial detention and speedy trial rights, and ending the shackling of youth at federal court appearances. 
I am also a cosponsor of the Fair Chance 
Act that aims to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record information before the applicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
consensus that our criminal justice system is broken and a historic opportunity to pass meaningful legislation reform the system so that it works for everyone—the general public, law enforcement personnel, taxpayers, crime victims, and offenders who have served their time, paid their debt to society, and anxious to redeem the second chance so they can ‘‘pay it forward.’’ 
It is past time for us to Ban the Box! 
it comes to racial tensions: the unrest in Ferguson and the protests at the University of Missouri. 
was shot and killed on Aug. 9, 2014, by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, in Ferguson, Mo., a suburb of St. Louis. 
concentrated in the segregated cities of St. Louis and Kansas City. 
‘‘Show Me State’’ stems from white hostility towards African Americans and that hostility magnifies itself on college campuses, including the University of Missouri. 
MO since October in response to racist incidents that further the rampant racism in the state. 
were arrested for dropping cotton balls in front of the Gaines/Oldham Black Culture Center and in 2011 a student was given probation for racially charged graffiti in a student dormitory. 
by the student government president Payton Head complained of bigotry and antigay sentiment around the college campus, which gained widespread attention. 
The Mizzou football team announced on November 8th that they would boycott playing until the administration took drastic steps. 
Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin both stepped down on November 9th but the protests are ongoing. 
because a young man named Laquan McDonald was fatally shot 16 times in the middle of 
the street by Chicago Police officer Jason Van Dyke. 
Sadly, October 20, will serve as a yearly reminder of the unambiguous slaying of a young man who will never have the chance to grow old. 
Chicago for nearly 9 hours after officials released the chilling dashcam video showing the fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald. 
Michigan Avenue the day after Thanksgiving, demanding the resignations of the city’s top leaders. 
locked arms outside the doors of major retailers chanting ‘‘Stop the coverup’’ and ‘‘16 shots! 16 shots’’ which was the number of times the officer fired upon Laquan McDonald. 
Other Police killings include: The death of 43yearold Eric Garner resulting from the application of a NYPD police chokehold occurred in the Northeast and the death of 18yearold Michael Brown and the resulting events in Ferguson occurred in the border state of Missouri. 
Cleveland police office occurred in the Midwest and death of unarmed 26yearold Jordan Baker by an offduty Houston police officer occurred in Texas. 
unarmed black father of four, was shot to death in when a police officer allegedly mistook his bottle of pills for a gun. 
McDade was chased and shot seven times by two police officers after a 911 caller falsely reported he had been robbed at gunpoint by two black men, neither of whom in fact was armed. 
And, of course, on April 4, the conscience of 
the nation was shocked by the horrifying killing of 50yearold Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer in the southern state of South Carolina. 
Nearly 1,000 people in Minneapolis, Minnesota marched to City Hall less than a day after five protesters were shot near a Black Lives Matter demonstration. 
This shooting which is seen to be a racially 
motivated attack has pushed Minneapolis into the national spotlight. 
we cannot and we must not allow tensions, which are present in so many neighborhoods across America, to go unresolved. 
Wealth Gap is a Priority for National Economic Security uses the most recently available data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP) along with the National Asset Scorecard in Communities of Color (NASCC) to highlight the current state of America’s racial wealth gap. 
The report findings include: Between 2005 and 2011, the median net 
worth of households of color remained near their 2009 levels, reflecting a drop of 58 percent for Latinos, 48 percent for Asians, 45 percent for African Americans but only 21 percent for whites. 
Hispanic households experienced the largest drop in net worth following the recession. 
More than half of whites own four or more 
tangible assets, compared to 49 percent of Asians and only one in five of African Americans and Latinos. 
(35 percent) are over twice as likely as whites (13 percent) to hold no financial assets at all and to have no or negative net worth. 
At no point in our nation’s history has a single human been more capable of inflicting massive death and misery, and our society is producing more individuals who seek to employ such means to carry out their ill intentions. 
and homicide rates in this country have been declining in recent years, they are still far above those in other industrialized nations. 
Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs that took the lives of 3 Americans, including a mother and an Iraqi war Veteran. 
That is just one horrific example of why we 
must act now to stop gun violence, protect citizens, and end the urban warfare. 
And we have a plan of action. 1. Require universal background checks to 
keep guns out of dangerous hands; an estimated 40% of gun transfers—6.6 million transfers—are conducted without a background check. 1/3 of ‘‘wanttobuy’’ ads online are posted by people with a criminal record. More than 4 times the rate at which prohibited gun buyers try to buy guns in stores. That would equate to 25,000 guns in illegal hands. 
2. Ban militarystyle assault weapons; 3. Closing of the gunshow loophole; and 4. Increase access to mental health services. We must work to reduce access to firearms for people with suicidal tendencies. 90% of suicide victims should have been diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder. Firearms are the most common method of suicide—51%. We need to ensure that mental health professionals know their options for reporting threats of violence—even as we acknowledge that someone with a mental illness is far more likely to be the victim of a violent crime than the perpetrator. 
Every day, 48 children and teens are shot in 
murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, and police intervention. Every day, 7 children and teens die from gun violence. 
teens are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, or by police intervention each year. 2,677 kids die from gun violence each year. Every day, 297 people in America are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, and police intervention. Every day, 89 people die from gun violence. 
are shot in murders, assaults, suicides & suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, or by police intervention. 32,514 people die from gun violence each year. 
The senseless killings in Bamako, Mali, Beirut, and the Bataclan Theater in Paris are the most current examples of global terrorism. 
continue to tear at the hearts of all Americans. 
people of France or the values that they stand for are wrong. The American people draw strength from the French people’s commitment to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. 
call on my colleagues to pass my bill H.R. 48 the No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act. 
This would require the Director of the Terrorist Screening Center to review the completeness of the Terrorist Screening Database 
and the terrorist watch list utilized by the Transportation Security Administration. 
the world, ISIS is not the most deadly terrorist organization. 
Boko Haram in Nieria killed 6,644 people in 2014. 77% of deaths were private citizens. 
Boko Haram was formed in 2002 and became armed in 2009. 
In the last six years, Boko Haram has carried out more than 500 violent attacks against a broad array of targets: Christian and Muslim communities, government installations, schools, hospitals and medical facilities, aid workers, and journalists. 
Boko Haram became wellknown on a global stage when they kidnapped 200 school girls. 
I met with government officials, including President Muhammadu Buhari, and others to discuss what is currently being done to bring these girls back to their families as soon as possible. 
these types of attacks, specifically targeting of schools, are strictly prohibited under international law and cannot be justified under any circumstances. 
absolutely must be allowed to go to school peacefully and free from intimidation, persecution and all other forms of discrimination. 
the sense of the House of Representatives regarding to the Victims of the Terror Protection fund, which expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that: Boko Haram and other terrorist organizations be declared an existential threat to the human rights and security of the Nigerian people and their regional neighbors; the global strategy for ending the suffering and creating solutions for displaced persons in Africa includes a Victims of Terror Protection Fund, which should provide humanitarian assistance to Boko Haram victims; military technical assistance be provided to Nigeria and its neighbors; and the Victims of Terror Support Fund should be modeled after the cases of Khazakhstan and Equatorial Guinea where prior kleptocracy initiatives have been created to benefit communities and victims in need of support. 
not fully appreciate is that the positive changes it cited were due almost entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. 
In the 50 years since its passage in 1965, 
the Voting Rights Act has safeguarded the right of Americans to vote and stood as an obstacle to many of the more egregious attempts by certain states and local jurisdictions to game the system by passing discriminatory changes to their election laws and administrative policies. 
I am a sponsor of the H.R. 2867, the Voting 
Rights Advancement Act of 2015, a bill that restores and advances the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by providing a modern day coverage test that will extend federal oversight to jurisdictions which have a history of voter suppression and protects vulnerable communities from discriminatory voting practices. 
I am also a sponsor of H.R. 12, the Voter 
Empower Act of 2015, which protects voters from suppression, deception, and other forms of disenfranchisement by modernizing voter registration, promoting access to voting for individuals with disabilities, and protecting the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for federal office. 
This year I had the honor to present the 
Barbara Jordan Gold Medallion for PublicPrivate Leadership to a pioneer in her own right Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
to a woman of demonstrated excellence in the public or private sector whose achievements are an example and inspiration to people everywhere, but especially to women and girls. 
following conference report and statement on the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves: 
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 1177), to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Student 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
PART A—I MPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such prior award. 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended by this Act, the amendments made by this Act shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under such title beginning fiscal year 2017, except as otherwise provided in such amendments. 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, shall take effect beginning with school year 2017–2018; and 
school or agency is located under section 1111 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311), as amended by this Act, is approved under such section (20 U.S.C. 6311); or 
(ii) as a priority or focus school under a waiver granted by the Secretary of Education under section 9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7861), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
educational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘PARTD—P REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
‘‘PART C—C OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CONSOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND APPLICATIONS  
Subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children significant opportunity to receive a fair, equitable, and highquality education, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part A— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part C, $374,751,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part D, $47,614,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section 8601, there are authorized to be appropriated $710,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
AGREEMENTS .—It is the sense of Congress that if 
subsection, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and 
an allotment under such paragraph represent the geographic diversity of the State; and 
enable a local educational agency to effectively implement selected strategies; 
funds by local educational agencies receiving an allotment under such paragraph; and 
section shall be construed as prohibiting a State from allocating subgrants under this section to a statewide school district, consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools implementing comprehensive support and improvement activities or targeted support and improvement activities, if such entities are legally constituted or recognized as local educational agencies in the State. 
educational agency proposes to serve will receive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this section. 
using funds under this section to enable the lowestperforming schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1003 (20 U.S.C. 6303) the following: 
State educational agency shall prioritize awards to local educational agencies serving the highest percentage of schools, as compared to other local educational agencies in the State— 
award for administrative costs related to such direct student services; 
pay the costs associated with one or more of the following direct student services— 
courses not otherwise available at a student’s school, including— 
costs for other lowachieving students served by the local educational agency. 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct student service; 
offering public school choice under this section, ensure sufficient availability of seats in the public schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice options; 
State, and local health, safety, and civil rights laws; and 
monitoring the quality of services provided by direct student service providers; and 
receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall file with the Secretary a plan that is— 
under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (20 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.), the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.), the Education Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9601 et. seq.), the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9621 et seq.), the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.). 
school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and the community (including the business community); and 
‘‘(bb) researchers who are familiar with— ‘‘(AA) the implementation of academic standards, assessments, or accountability systems; and 
students, children with disabilities, and English learners, the needs of lowperforming schools, and other educational needs of students; 
majority representation of individuals who, in the most recent 2 years, have had practical experience in the classroom, school administration, or State or local government (such as direct employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency); and 
by such means as posting to the Department’s website, the list of peer reviewers who have reviewed State plans under this section; 
of varied individuals so that the same peer reviewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; 
days after its submission, unless the Secretary meets the requirements of clause (vi); 
writing, notice of such determination, and the supporting information and rationale to substantiate such determination; 
and resubmit its State plan, and provides the State— ‘‘(AA) technical assistance to assist the State 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns relating to its State plan; and 
‘‘(II) the State— ‘‘(aa) does not revise and resubmit its State 
‘‘(bb) in a case in which a State revises and 
challenging State academic standards through State and local innovation; and 
‘‘(iii) provide transparent, timely, and objective feedback to States designed to strengthen the technical and overall quality of the State plans. 
reviewers shall conduct an objective review of State plans in their totality and out of respect for State and local judgments, with the goal of supporting State and localled innovation and providing objective feedback on the technical and overall quality of a State plan. 
the political appointees of the Department, may attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer review process. 
necessary by the State educational agency to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this part. 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until 
the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
make the State plan publicly available for public comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in an easily accessible format, prior to submission to the Secretary for approval under this subsection. The State, in the plan it files under this subsection, shall provide an assurance that public comments were taken into account in the development of the State plan. 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
academic standards for mathematics, reading or language arts, and science, and may have such standards for any other subject determined by the State. 
Act shall be construed to authorize public institutions of higher education to determine the specific challenging State academic standards required under this paragraph. 
STANDARDS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIG NIFICANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
documented and validated standardssetting process, adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, provided those standards— 
curriculum, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
meets the alternate academic achievement standards is on track to pursue postsecondary education or employment, consistent with the purposes of Public Law 93–112, as in effect on July 22, 2014. 
OR MODIFIED ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND ARDS.—A State shall not develop, or implement 
the State has adopted English language proficiency standards that— 
State shall not be required to submit any standards developed under this subsection to the Secretary for review or approval. 
not have the authority to mandate, direct, control, coerce, or exercise any direction or supervision over any of the challenging State academic standards adopted or implemented by a State. 
part shall prohibit a State from revising, consistent with this section, any standards adopted under this part before or after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
measure the achievement of all public elementary school and secondary school students in the State; and 
academic standards, and provide coherent and timely information about student attainment of such standards and whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level; 
‘‘(iii) be used for purposes for which such assessments are valid and reliable, consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical testing standards, objectively measure academic achievement, knowledge, and skills, and be tests that do not evaluate or assess personal or family beliefs and attitudes, or publicly disclose personally identifiable information; 
purpose required under this Act and consistent with the requirements of this section, the evidence of which shall be made public, including on the website of the State educational agency; 
‘‘(aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12; ‘‘(II) in the case of science, be administered 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; and ‘‘(III) in the case of any other subject chosen 
by the State, be administered at the discretion of the State; 
student academic achievement, including measures that assess higherorder thinking skills and understanding, which may include measures of student academic growth and may be partially delivered in the form of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks; ‘‘(vii) provide for— 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple statewide interim assessments during the course of the academic year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on student achievement or growth; 
‘‘(ix) notwithstanding clause (vii)(III), provide for assessments (using tests in English) of reading or language arts of any student who has attended school in the United States (not including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that if the local educational agency determines, on a casebycase individual basis, that academic assessments in another language or form would likely yield more accurate and reliable information on what such student knows and can do, the local educational agency may make a determination to assess such student in the appropriate language other than English for a period that does not exceed 2 additional consecutive years, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language proficiency sufficient to yield valid and reliable information on what such student knows and can do on tests (written in English) of reading or language arts; 
descriptive, and diagnostic reports, consistent with clause (iii), regarding achievement on such assessments that allow parents, teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and address the specific academic needs of students, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; 
except that such disaggregation shall not be required in the case of a State, local educational agency, or a school in which the number of students in a subgroup is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results 
‘‘(xii) enable itemized score analyses to be produced and reported, consistent with clause (iii), to local educational agencies and schools, so that parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators can interpret and address the specific academic needs of students as indicated by the students’ achievement on assessment items; and 
for each subject, the total number of students assessed in such subject using the alternate assessments does not exceed 1 percent of the total number of all students in the State who are assessed in such subject; 
will be measured based on such alternate standards; and 
may delay or otherwise affect the student from completing the requirements for a regular high school diploma; 
‘‘(III) promotes, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the involvement and progress of students with the most significant cognitive disabilities in the general education curriculum; 
‘‘(IV) describes in the State plan the steps the 
State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
‘‘(bb) make appropriate use of accommodations for students with disabilities on all assessments required under this paragraph; 
and promotes the use of appropriate accommodations to increase the number of students 
and assessments for the grade level in which the student is enrolled; and 
State academic standards for the grade level in which the student is enrolled; and 
most significant cognitive disabilities who takes an alternate assessment based on alternate academic achievement standards from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular high school diploma. 
appropriate oversight, as determined by the State, of any local educational agency that is required to submit information to the State under subclause (II). 
‘‘(IV) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—This subparagraph shall be subject to the waiver authority under section 8401. 
ensure that each local educational agency in the State that receives grants under this part will adopt academic content and student academic achievement standards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which— 
and any regulations regarding such standards and assessments that the Secretary may publish; and 
shall make every effort to develop such assessments and may request assistance from the Secretary if linguistically accessible academic assessment measures are needed. Upon request, the Secretary shall assist with the identification of appropriate academic assessment measures in the needed languages, but shall not mandate a specific academic assessment or mode of instruction. 
from the State educational agency under clause (iii), a locallyselected assessment shall— 
‘‘(vi) PARENTAL NOTIFICATION .—A local educational agency shall notify the parents of high school students served by the local educational agency— 
agency for approval to administer a locallyselected assessment; and 
State retains the right to develop and administer computer adaptive assessments as the assessments described in this paragraph, provided the computer adaptive assessments meet the requirements of this paragraph, except that— 
‘‘(II) such assessment— ‘‘(aa) shall measure, at a minimum, each student’s academic proficiency based on the challenging State academic standards for the student’s grade level and growth toward such standards; and 
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES AND ENGLISH LEARN ERS.—In developing and administering computer 
‘‘(bb) assess the student’s academic achievement to measure, in the subject being assessed, whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level; and 
‘‘(bb) assess the student’s language proficiency, which may include growth towards such proficiency, in order to measure the student’s acquisition of English. 
arrived English learners who have been enrolled in a school in one of the 50 States in the United States or the District of Columbia for less than 12 months, a State may choose to— 
part that require disaggregation of information by each subgroup of students— 
State determines are necessary to be included to carry out such requirements and how that number is statistically sound, which shall be the same Statedetermined number for all students and for each subgroup of students in the State; 
was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when determining such minimum number; and 
‘‘(iii) how the State ensures that such minimum number is sufficient to not reveal any personally identifiable information. 
Establish ambitious Statedesigned longterm goals, which shall include measurements of interim progress toward meeting such goals— 
year adjusted cohort graduation rate, except that the State shall set a more rigorous long term goal for such graduation rate, as compared to the longterm goal set for the fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rate; 
‘‘(II) for which the term set by the State for 
such goals is the same multiyear length of time for all students and for each subgroup of students in the State; and 
described in clause (iv), annually measure, for all students and separately for each subgroup of students, the following indicators: 
high school in the State, student growth, as measured by such annual assessments. 
‘‘(ii) For public elementary schools and secondary schools that are not high schools in the State— 
‘‘(II) another valid and reliable statewide academic indicator that allows for meaningful differentiation in school performance. 
‘‘(iii) For public high schools in the State, and 
less than one indicator of school quality or student success that— 
‘‘(bb) is valid, reliable, comparable, and statewide (with the same indicator or indicators used for each grade span, as such term is determined by the State); and 
‘‘(cc) may include one or more of the measures 
‘‘(VI) postsecondary readiness; ‘‘(VII) school climate and safety; and ‘‘(VIII) any other indicator the State chooses 
Establish a system of meaningfully differentiating, on an annual basis, all public schools in the State, which shall— 
‘‘(II) all public high schools in the State failing to graduate one third or more of their students; and 
‘‘(II) shall be used for the purpose of reporting 
‘‘(ii) In the case of a high school student who 
the greatest proportion of school days while enrolled in grades 9 through 12; or 
this Act shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
Upon receiving such information from the State, the local educational agency shall, for each school identified by the State and in partnership with stakeholders (including principals and other school leaders, teachers, and parents), locally develop and implement a comprehensive support and improvement plan for the school to improve student outcomes, that— 
‘‘(ii) includes evidencebased interventions; ‘‘(iii) is based on a schoollevel needs assessment; 
include a review of local educational agency and schoollevel budgeting, to be addressed through implementation of such comprehensive support and improvement plan; 
monitored and periodically reviewed by the State educational agency. 
exited secondary school without a regular high school diploma; or 
‘‘(II) who, based on their grade or age, are 
significantly off track to accumulate sufficient academic credits to meet high school graduation requirements, as established by the State; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of such a school that has a 
total enrollment of less than 100 students, permit the local educational agency to forego implementation of improvement activities required under this paragraph. 
be enrolled in classes and other activities in the public school to which the student transfers in the same manner as all other students at the public school. 
agency shall permit a student who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the student has completed the highest grade in that school. 
educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 of this part to pay for the provision of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
‘‘(ii) includes evidencebased interventions; ‘‘(iii) is approved by the local educational 
‘‘(iv) is monitored, upon submission and implementation, by the local educational agency; and 
ensure continued progress to improve student academic achievement and school success in the State, the State educational agency— 
support school improvement in each local educational agency in the State serving— 
local educational agency in the State serving a significant number of— 
be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employers and their employees. 
with or outside the scope of this part; or 
plan, or revisions or amendments to, the State plan, or approval of a waiver request submitted under section 8401, to— 
that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
‘‘(ii) require a State to add or delete one or 
more specific elements of the challenging State academic standards; or 
of interim progress that States establish for all students, for any subgroups of students, and for English learners with respect to English language proficiency, under this part, including— 
‘‘(aa) the length of terms set by States in designing such goals; or 
‘‘(bb) the progress expected from any subgroups of students in meeting such goals; 
State accountability system under this section, including any requirement to measure student growth, or, if a State chooses to measure student growth, the specific metrics used to measure such growth under this part; 
used to identify or meaningfully differentiate schools, under this part; 
to meaningfully differentiate or identify schools under this part; 
‘‘(VI) any specific school support and improvement strategies or activities that State or local educational agencies establish and implement to intervene in, support, and improve schools and improve student outcomes under this part; 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(XI) the way in which the State factors the 
beyond data derived from existing Federal, State, and local reporting requirements. 
local educational agencies and individual elementary schools choosing to use funds under this part to support early childhood education programs; 
enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffective, outoffield, or inexperienced teachers, and the measures the State educational agency will use to evaluate and publicly report the progress of the State educational agency with respect to such description (except that nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to develop or implement a teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system); 
support local educational agencies receiving assistance under this part to improve school conditions for student learning, including through reducing— 
‘‘(iii) the use of aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety; 
take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the educational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
child’s school of origin, unless a determination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriateness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
‘‘(ii) when a determination is made that it is 
not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is immediately enrolled in a new school, even if the child is unable to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
contact the school last attended by any such child to obtain relevant academic and other records; and 
provide support to local educational agencies in the identification, enrollment, attendance, and school stability of homeless children and youths; and 
agency determines appropriate to provide students an opportunity to achieve the knowledge and skills described in the challenging State academic standards. 
local educational agencies, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the challenging State academic standards, academic assessments, and State accountability system, developed under this section; 
each local educational agency and school affected by the State plan to meet the requirements of this part; 
or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and accounting requirements; 
that local educational agencies, in developing and implementing programs under this part, will, to the extent feasible, work in consultation with outside intermediary organizations (such as educational service agencies), or individuals, that have practical expertise in the development or use of evidencebased strategies and programs to improve teaching, learning, and schools; 
that all teachers and paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification; 
paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, including qualifications that were in place on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and 
personally identifiable information about an individual student; ‘‘(II) does not include a number of students in 
any subgroup of students that is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or that would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student; and 
section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency to— 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(IV) the State’s system for meaningfully differentiating all public schools in the State, including— 
‘‘(bb) the methodology by which the State differentiates all such schools; 
used by the State to determine consistent underperformance; and 
identifies a school for comprehensive support and improvement as required under subsection 
fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(iv) Information on the number and percentage of English learners achieving English language proficiency. 
safety, including rates of inschool suspensions, outofschool suspensions, expulsions, schoolrelated arrests, referrals to law enforcement, chronic absenteeism (including both excused and unexcused absences), incidences of violence, including bullying and harassment; and 
‘‘(aa) preschool programs; and ‘‘(bb) accelerated coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate courses and examinations, and dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(ix) The professional qualifications of teachers in the State, including information (that 
disaggregated by highpoverty compared to low poverty schools) on the number and percentage of— 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed. 
State, and local funds, including actual personnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsecondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State. 
local educational agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card that includes information on such agency as a whole and each school served by the agency. 
‘‘(II) in any case in which a local educational 
agency does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school, information that 
educational agency determines is appropriate and will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the annual State report card. 
of a local educational agency that issues a report card for all students, the local educational agency may include the information under this section as part of such report. 
educational agency or local educational agency may use public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State, that were in effect prior to the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection, and protects the privacy of individual students. 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed. 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a 
this section shall not be required if such disaggregation will reveal personally identifiable information about any student, teacher, principal, or other school leader, or will provide data that are insufficient to yield statistically reliable information. 
Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or assessments tied to such standards; or 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments and other academic indicators the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment and academic indicators as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
regional accrediting organization (in consultation with and with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, and consistent with assessments and academic indicators adopted by other schools in the same State or region) shall adopt an appropriate assessment and other academic indicators that meet the requirements of this section. 
tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment and other academic indicators developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment and academic indicators meet the requirements of this section. 
shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments described in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes.’’. 
may receive a subgrant under this part for any fiscal year only if such agency has on file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that— 
school leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized instructional support personnel, charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators (including administrators of programs described in other parts of this title), other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this part; and 
programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (20 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.), the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.), the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.), and other Acts as appropriate. 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section 8305. 
agency plan shall be filed according to a schedule established by the State educational agency. 
part substantially help children served under this part meet the challenging State academic standards; and 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, revise its plan. 
children receive a highquality education, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State academic standards and those children who are not meeting such standards, each local educational agency plan shall describe— 
monitor students’ progress in meeting the challenging State academic standards by— 
rounded program of instruction to meet the academic needs of all students; 
be conducted by such agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115 and, where appropriate, 
educational services outside such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected or delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
will use to implement effective parent and family engagement under section 1116; 
agency will support, coordinate, and integrate services provided under this part with early childhood education programs at the local educational agency or individual school level, including plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local elementary school programs; 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle grades to high school and from high school to postsecondary education including, if applicable— 
college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, or career counseling to identify student interests and skills; 
educational agency, how such agency will support programs that coordinate and integrate— 
provide students indepth interaction with industry professionals and, if appropriate, academic credit; and 
educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and that the local educational agency determines appropriate to provide, which may include how the local educational agency will— 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and improve academic achievement. 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
and timely and meaningful consultation with private school officials regarding such services; 
enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, develop and implement clear written procedures governing how transportation to maintain children in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
incurred in providing transportation to maintain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agency will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
Human Services and establish procedures (taking into consideration existing State and local laws, and local teacher contracts) to assist local educational agencies to comply with such subsection; and 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction; 
provisional status through which State qualification or licensing criteria have been waived; and 
‘‘(III) is teaching in the field of discipline of 
and academic growth of the student, if applicable and available, on each of the State academic assessments required under this part; and 
assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or licensure requirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the assessment; and 
taking the assessment, and the schedule for the assessment; and 
NOT OPERATE A WEBSITE .—In the case of a local 
through distribution of that information to the media, through public agencies, or directly to parents. 
using funds under this part or title III to provide a language instruction educational program as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learner identified for participation or participating in such a program, of— 
child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction educational program; 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
program in which their child is, or will be, participating and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
‘‘(iv) how the program in which their child is, 
or will be, participating will meet the educational strengths and needs of their child; 
their child learn English and meet ageappropriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
‘‘(vi) the specific exit requirements for the program, including the expected rate of transition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rates and extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
‘‘(vii) in the case of a child with a disability, 
have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; 
to decline to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruction, if available; and 
various programs and methods of instruction, if more than 1 program or method is offered by the eligible entity. 
agency receiving funds under this part shall implement an effective means of outreach to parents of English learners to inform the parents regarding how the parents can— 
‘‘(aa) attain English proficiency; ‘‘(bb) achieve at high levels within a well 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education program on the basis of a surname or languageminority status. 
spans, such agency’s eligible school attendance areas in which the concentration of children from lowincome families exceeds 75 percent from highest to lowest according to the percentage of children from lowincome families; and 
the number of students in lowincome families in secondary schools, the local educational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which shall be— 
within such agency to inform such schools of the option to use such measure; and 
providing educationally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where children may live; 
‘‘(ii) children in local institutions for neglected children; and 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local institutions for delinquent children, and neglected or delinquent children in community day programs. 
youths with services not ordinarily provided to other students under this part, including providing— 
educational agency may reserve funds made available to carry out this section to provide early childhood education programs for eligible children.’’. 
from such families, may operate a schoolwide program under this section if the school receives a waiver from the State educational agency to do so, after taking into account how a schoolwide program will best serve the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors. 
in consultation with the school, that less time is needed to develop and implement the schoolwide program; or 
its existing plan during the first year of assistance after that date to reflect the provisions of this section; 
school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and its implementation shall be regularly monitored and revised as necessary based on student needs to ensure that all students are provided opportunities to meet the challenging State academic standards; 
that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and quality of learning time, and help provide an enriched and accelerated curriculum, which may include programs, activities, and courses necessary to provide a wellrounded education; and 
‘‘(iii) address the needs of all children in the 
school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State academic standards, through activities which may include— 
programs, specialized instructional support services, mentoring services, and other strategies to improve students’ skills outside the academic subject areas; 
‘‘(II) preparation for and awareness of opportunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, which may include career and technical education programs and broadening secondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school (such as Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, dual or concurrent enrollment, or early college high schools); 
model to prevent and address problem behavior, and early intervening services, coordinated with 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
‘‘(IV) professional development and other activities for teachers, paraprofessionals, and other school personnel to improve instruction and use of data from academic assessments, and to recruit and retain effective teachers, particularly in highneed subjects; and 
in the transition from early childhood education programs to local elementary school programs; and 
State educational agency and local educational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide program.’’; 
operates a schoolwide program under this section may use funds available under this part to establish or enhance preschool programs for children who are under 6 years of age. 
a schoolwide program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or forprofit external providers with expertise in using evidencebased or other effective strategies to improve student achievement. 
subsection shall be construed to impose on any State any requirement or rule regarding dual or concurrent enrollment programs that is inconsistent with State law.’’. 
and local educational agencies to meet their responsibility to provide for all their students 
served under this part the opportunity to meet the challenging State academic standards, each targeted assistance program under this section shall— 
eligible children meet the challenging State academic standards, which may include programs, activities, and academic courses necessary to provide a wellrounded education; 
address behavior problems, and early intervening services, coordinated with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
regular education program, which may include services to assist preschool children in the transition from early childhood education programs such as Head Start, the literacy program under subpart 2 of part B of title II, or Staterun preschool programs to elementary school programs; 
resources provided under this part, and, to the extent practicable, from other sources, to teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school personnel who work with eligible children in programs under this section or in the regular education program; 
involvement of parents of eligible children in accordance with section 1116; and 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this part; and 
of eligible children and revise the targeted assistance program under this section, if necessary, to provide additional assistance to enable such children to meet the challenging State academic standards.’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such criteria as teacher judgment, interviews with parents, and developmentally appropriate measures’’ and inserting ‘‘criteria, including objective criteria, established by the local educational agency and supplemented by the school’’; and 
HEAD START AND PRESCHOOL CHILDREN ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Head Start, Even Start, or 
Early Reading First program,’’ and inserting ‘‘Head Start program, the literacy program under subpart 2 of part B of title II,’’; and 
(iii), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; and 
a targeted assistance program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or forprofit external providers with expertise in using evidencebased or other effective strategies to improve student achievement.’’. 
policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘expectations for parent involvement’’ and inserting ‘‘expectations and objectives for meaningful parent and family involvement’’; and 
family engagement strategies under this part with parent and family engagement strategies, to the extent feasible and appropriate, with other relevant Federal, State, and local laws and programs; 
to assist with the learning of their children, including engaging with school personnel and teachers; and 
schools served under this part, which may include establishing a parent advisory board comprised of a sufficient number and representative group of parents or family members served by the local educational agency to adequately represent the needs of the population served by such agency for the purposes of developing, revising, and reviewing the parent and family engagement policy.’’; and 
agency shall reserve at least 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out the activities described in this section, except that this subparagraph shall not apply if 1 percent of such agency’s allocation under subpart 2 for the fiscal year for which the determination is made is $5,000 or less. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit local educational agencies from reserving more than 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out activities described in this section.’’; 
highneed schools’’ after ‘‘schools served under this part’’; and 
and family members at home, in the community, and at school. 
‘‘(iii) Disseminating information on best practices focused on parent and family engagement, especially best practices for increasing the engagement of economically disadvantaged parents and family members. 
schools to enable such schools to collaborate, with communitybased or other organizations or employers with a record of success in improving and increasing parent and family engagement. 
strategies that the local educational agency determines are appropriate and consistent with such agency’s parent and family engagement policy.’’; 
‘‘PARENTAL INVOLVEMENT POLICY ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT POLICY’’; 
policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; 
schools served by the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘policy that applies to all parents’’; 
striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; 
achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, such as monitoring attendance, homework completion, and television watching’’; and 
communication between family members and school staff, and, to the extent practicable, in a language that family members can understand.’’; 
academic content standards and State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program, 
and public preschool and other programs,’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal, State, and local programs, including public preschool programs,’’; 
part E of title IV, each local educational agency or school that receives assistance under this part shall inform parents and organizations of the existence of the program.’’; and 
with appropriate private school officials, provide such children, on an equitable basis and individually or in combination, as requested by the officials to best meet the needs of such children, special educational services, instructional services (including evaluations to determine the progress being made in meeting such students’ academic needs), counseling, mentoring, oneon one tutoring, or other benefits under this part (such as dual or concurrent enrollment, educational radio and television, computer equipment and materials, other technology, and mobile educational services and equipment) that address their needs; and 
children participate, on an equitable basis, in services and activities developed pursuant to section 1116.’’; 
other benefits for such private school children shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children participating under this part, and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
share of funds shall be determined based on the total amount of funds received by the local educational agency under this part prior to any allowable expenditures or transfers by the local educational agency. 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be obligated in the fiscal year for which the funds are received by the agency. 
educational agency shall provide notice in a timely manner to the appropriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this part that the local educational agencies have determined are available for eligible private school children. 
directly or through a separate government agency, consortium, entity, or thirdparty contractor; 
shall provide the option for private school officials to indicate such officials’ belief that timely and meaningful consultation has not occurred or that the program design is not equitable with respect to eligible private school children.’’ after ‘‘occurred.’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘has taken place’’ and inserting ‘‘has, or attempts at such consultation have, taken place’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘did not give due 
(IV) by inserting ‘‘, or did not make a decision 
that treats the private school students equitably as required by this section’’ before the period at the end; 
educational agency shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, or institutions, if the appropriate private school officials have— 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as prescribed by the State educational agency.’’; 
9503 and 9504’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8503 and 8504’’. 
or local educational agency shall use Federal funds received under this part only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from State and local sources for the education of students participating in programs assisted under this part, and not to supplant such funds. 
sentence: ‘‘Each local educational agency shall develop agreements with such Head Start agencies and other entities to carry out such activities.’’; and 
striking ‘‘early childhood development programs, such as the Early Reading First program,’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
Palau, until Palau enters into an agreement for extension of United States educational assistance under the Compact of Free Association, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish, except that Public Law 95–134, permitting the consolidation of grants, shall not apply; and 
that assist all students with meeting the challenging State academic standards. 
section, the term ‘outlying area’ means the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available under this subsection for the current fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the total amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A.’’. 
striking the section heading and all that follows through ‘‘Pursuant’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ADEQUACY OF FUNDING TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES IN FISCAL YEARS AFTER FISCALYEAR2001.—Pursuant’’. 
requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section’’; and 
Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 6361 et seq.) is 
made available in accordance with section 1203, the Secretary shall make grants to State educational agencies to enable the States to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
accommodations available to English learners and children with disabilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, including professional development activities to improve the implementation of such accommodations in instructional practice. 
their continued alignment with the challenging State academic standards and to improve the alignment of curricula and instructional materials. 
user friendlymanner that crosstabulates student information by any category the State determines appropriate, as long as such crosstabulation— 
section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall require. The application shall include a description of— 
year after the date a State receives an initial grant under this section, the State shall— 
‘‘(ii) submits the results of such audit to the 
designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used; and 
leaders, and administrators use assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; 
‘‘(ii) the timing of release of assessment data; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which assessment data is 
presented in an accessible and understandable format for all stakeholders; 
‘‘(iv) the opportunities, resources, and training teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
‘‘(vi) the amount of time teachers spend on assessment preparation and administration; 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and students, if appropriate, do and do not find useful; and 
which may include paying the cost associated with terminating procurement contracts; 
practices from local educational agencies or other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; and 
consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assessment systems and implement a regular process of review and evaluation of assessment use in local educational agencies. 
not less than 20 percent of the grant funds awarded to the State under this section to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on demonstrated need in the agency’s or consortium’s application, to enable such agencies or consortia to improve assessment quality and use, and alignment, including, if applicable, alignment to the challenging State academic standards. 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be 
schedules, including by increasing access to technology and assessment proctors, where appropriate; 
teachers who may receive increased compensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support teachers in the development of classroombased assessments, interpreting assessment data, and designing instruction; 
to maximize inclusion of children with disabilities and English learners participating in assessments; and 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
1201 by allocating to each State an amount equal to— 
which the amounts available are insufficient to allocate such amount to each State, the Secretary shall ratably reduce such amount for each State; and 
‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
to States under this part, the Secretary shall comply with the prohibitions described in section 8529. 
instructionally embedded assessments, interim assessments, cumulative yearend assessments, or performancebased assessments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through computer adaptive assessments; and 
are ready to demonstrate mastery or proficiency and allow for differentiated student support based on individual learning needs. 
Secretary provides State educational agencies and consortia with demonstration authority (referred to in this section as the ‘initial demonstration period’) the Secretary shall provide such demonstration authority to— 
after the end of the initial demonstration period, and prior to providing additional State educational agencies with demonstration authority, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a report detailing the initial progress of innovative assessment systems carried out through demonstration authority under this section. 
feedback from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment system; and 
was used to measure the achievement of all students that participated in the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(ii) of the total number of all students, and 
progress report, the Secretary shall provide a response to the findings of the progress report, including a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
‘‘(ii) be aligned to the challenging State academic standards and address the depth and breadth of such standards; 
children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children; 
progress toward the challenging State academic standards so that teachers can provide instructional support and targeted interventions to all students; 
validly and reliably aggregate data from the innovative assessment system for purposes of— 
‘‘(ii) identify the distinct purposes for each assessment that is part of the innovative assessment system; 
educational agency and school staff to implement the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
‘‘(iv) inform parents of students in participating local educational agencies about the innovative assessment system at the beginning of each school year during which the innovative assessment system will be implemented; 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide, or with additional local educational agencies, in the State’s proposed demonstration authority period; 
from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of demonstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the innovative assessment system; and 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(IV) if such system is not statewide, a description of the State’s progress in scaling up the innovative assessment system to additional local educational agencies during the State’s demonstration authority period, as described in clause (viii). 
‘‘(ii) ensure that each local educational agency has the technological infrastructure to implement the innovative assessment system; and 
agencies participating in the program of demonstration authority accountable for meeting the State’s expectations for student achievement. 
initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
agencies within the State educational agency that will participate, including what criteria the State has for approving any additional local educational agencies to participate during the demonstration authority period; 
agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this subsection; 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving highquality and consistent implementation across demographically diverse local educational agencies during the demonstration authority period; and ‘‘(II) ensure that the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole by the end of the State’s demonstration authority period; and 
of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about the innovative assessment system being proposed for all participating students, including— 
to full statewide use of the innovative assessment system by the end of the State’s approved demonstration authority period or 2year extension, if the innovative assessment system will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(ii) the State has examined the effects of the 
‘‘(iii) the innovative assessment system provides coherent and timely information about student achievement based on the challenging State academic standards, including objective measurement of academic achievement, knowledge, and skills that are valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant, nationallyrecognized professional and technical standards; 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
of this section, except transition to full statewide use of the innovative assessment system; and 
other requirements of this section, and demonstrates a highquality plan for transition to statewide use of the innovative assessment system in a reasonable period of time. 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
proficiency or mastery of Stateapproved competencies aligned to challenging State academic standards; 
agencies and school staff to implement innovative assessment systems; 
teachers in developing and scoring assessments and the use of highquality professional development; 
move among the States are not penalized in any manner by disparities among the States in curriculum, graduation requirements, and challenging State academic standards. 
full and appropriate opportunities to meet the same challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet. 
migratory children aged 3 through 21 residing in the State, based on data for the preceding 3 years; and 
under this part’’ and inserting ‘‘effective special programs provided under this part’’; and 
have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘part A or B of title III’’ and 
State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; 
inserting ‘‘parents of migratory children, including parent advisory councils,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of 1 school year in duration’’ 
and inserting ‘‘not less than 1 school year in duration’’; and 
for outreach activities for migratory children and their families to inform such children and families of other education, health, nutrition, and social services to help connect them to such services; 
for migratory children and their families, including helping such children and families gain access to other education, health, nutrition, and social services; 
secondary school students to postsecondary education or employment; and’’; and 
services with funds received under this part, each recipient of such funds shall give priority to migratory children who have made a qualifying move within the previous 1year period and who— 
Section 1305 (20 U.S.C. 6395) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Secretary shall approve each State application that meets the requirements of this part, and may review any such application with the assistance and advice of State officials and other officials with relevant expertise.’’. 
or B of title III’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title III’’; and 
the flexibility to’’ and inserting ‘‘retains the flexibility to’’; and 
(III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘high standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
maintain ongoing consultation with the States, local educational agencies, and other migratory student service providers on— 
not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001.’’; and 
The term ‘migratory agricultural worker’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new temporary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in agriculture, which may be dairy work or the initial processing of raw agricultural products. If an individual did not engage in such new employment soon after a qualifying move, such individual may be considered a migratory agricultural worker if the individual actively sought such new employment and has a recent history of moves for temporary or seasonal agricultural employment. 
child’ means a child or youth who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months— 
is a migratory agricultural worker or a migratory fisher. 
fisher’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new temporary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in fishing. If the individual did not engage in such new employment soon after the move, the individual may be considered a migratory fisher if the individual actively sought such new employment and has a recent history of moves for temporary or seasonal fishing employment. 
a single school district, wherein a qualifying move is from one administrative area to another within such district; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school district of more 
than 15,000 square miles, wherein a qualifying move is a distance of 20 miles or more to a temporary residence.’’. 
PART D—PREVENTION AND INTERVENTION PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DELINQUENT, OR ATRISK 
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DELINQUENT, OR ATRISK. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
involvement of their families and communities’’ after ‘‘to ensure their continued education’’; 
(aa) by striking ‘‘the program goals, objectives, and performance measures established by 
‘‘(ii) opportunities for such students to participate in creditbearing coursework while in secondary school, postsecondary education, or career and technical education programming.’’; and 
extent practicable, provide for such assessment upon entry into a correctional facility’’ after ‘‘to be served under this subpart’’; 
transition of such children and youth between the correctional facility and the local educational agency or alternative education program’’ after ‘‘the local educational agency or alternative education program’’; 
of children and youth from such facility or institution to’’ and inserting ‘‘transition of such children and youth between such facility or institution and’’; 
school diploma’’ after ‘‘to encourage the children and youth to reenter school’’; and 
diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘attain a regular high school diploma’’; 
who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juvenile justice system;’’; 
challenging academic content standards and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
and improve’’ and inserting ‘‘respond to the educational needs of such children and youth, including by supplementing and improving’’; and 
(cc) in clause (iii)— (AA) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and 
content standards and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
attain a secondary diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘attain a regular high school diploma’’; 
children and youth between Stateoperated institutions, or institutions in the State operated by the Secretary of the Interior, and schools served by local educational agencies or schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; or’’; and 
schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘local schools’’; 
meeting the transitional’’ and inserting ‘‘impact on meeting such transitional’’; 
participating schools to facilitate the successful transition of children and youth returning from correctional facilities and, as appropriate, the types of services that such schools will provide such children and youth and other atrisk children and youth;’’; 
based youth entrepreneurship education’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitate postsecondary and workforce success for children and youth returning from correctional facilities, such as through participation in creditbearing coursework while in secondary school, enrollment in postsecondary education, participation in career and technical education programming’’; 
youth, including such children and youth in correctional facilities in the area served by the local educational agency that are operated by the Secretary of the Interior or Indian tribes; and 
the correctional facility, work with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local educational agency that most recently provided 
services to the child or youth (if applicable) to 
ensure that the relevant and appropriate academic records and plans regarding the continuation of educational services for such child or youth are shared jointly between the correctional facility and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the local educational agency and the correctional facility; and 
dropout rates for male students and for female students over a 3year period’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of children and youth attaining a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent’’; and 
diploma’’ and inserting ‘‘attaining a regular high school diploma’’; and 
graduate from high school in the number of years established by the State under either the fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rate or the extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rate, if applicable’’ after ‘‘educational achievement’’; and 
operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education’’ after ‘‘local educational agency’’; and 
et seq.), as amended by this title, is further amended— 
seq.), as amended by this title, is further amended by inserting after section 1432 the following: 
under this section is to provide local educational agencies with flexibility to consolidate eligible Federal funds and State and local education funding in order to create a single school funding system based on weighted perpupil allocations for lowincome and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
agency that desires to participate in the program under this section shall submit, at such time and in such form as the Secretary may prescribe, an application to enter into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary in order to develop and implement a school funding system based on weighted per pupil allocations that meets the requirements of this section. The application shall include— 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency’s legal authority to use State and local education funds consistent with this section; 
‘‘(iv) how such system will support the academic achievement of students, including low income students, the lowestachieving students, English learners, and children with disabilities; 
include actual personnel expenditures, including staff salary differentials for years of employment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local education funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
agency developed and will implement the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders (including charter school leaders in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, parents, community leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
agency will use fiscal control and sound accounting procedures that ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, eligible Federal funds consolidated and used under such system; 
agency will continue to meet the requirements of sections 1117, 1118, and 8501; and 
agency will meet the requirements of all applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consolidating and using funds under the agreement. 
allocate substantially more funding to English learners, students from lowincome families, and students with any other characteristics associated with educational disadvantage chosen by the local educational agency, than to other students; 
‘‘(iii) ensure that each highpoverty school receives, in the first year of the demonstration agreement— 
Federal, State, and local sources, for lowincome students than such funding received for lowincome students in the year prior to entering into a demonstration agreement under this section; and 
‘‘(II) at least as much perpupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as such funding received for English learners in the year prior to entering into a demonstration agreement under this section; 
‘‘(iv) be used to allocate to schools a significant percentage, which shall be a percentage agreed upon during the application process, of all the local educational agency’s State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds; and 
carry out the purposes of the demonstration agreement under this section and to meet each of the requirements of this subsection; and 
eligible Federal funds that are not allocated through the local educational agency’s school 
funding system based on weighted perpupil allocations, does not undermine or conflict with the requirements of the demonstration agreement under this section. 
through the system, the local educational agency shall charge schools for the perpupil expenditures of State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds, including actual personnel expenditures (including staff salary differentials for years of employment) for instructional staff and actual nonpersonnel expenditures. 
compared to the previous year, no highpoverty school served by the agency received— 
Federal, State, and local sources, for lowincome students; or 
the perpupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff salary differentials for years of employment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local education funds and eligible Federal funds for each school served by the agency, disaggregated by each quartile of students attending the school based on student level of poverty and by each major racial or ethnic group in the school, for the preceding fiscal year; 
has entered into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administrative purposes, an amount of eligible Federal funds that is not more than the percentage of funds allowed for such purposes under any of the following: 
amount reserved for evaluation activities under section 8601, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the relevant program office at the Department, evaluate— 
renew for additional 3year terms a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if— 
the local flexibility demonstration agreement is in the interest of students served under this title and title III. 
poverty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the percentage of enrolled students from lowincome families.’’. 
other school leaders (including charter school leaders),’’ after ‘‘teachers,’’; 
following: ‘‘Such regional meetings and electronic exchanges of information shall be public and notice of such meetings and exchanges shall be provided to interested stakeholders.’’; 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regulation will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
rulemaking under this subsection, provide Congress with a comment period of 15 business days to make comments on the proposed regulation, 
submitted by Congress in the public rulemaking record for the regulation published in the Federal Register. 
period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 60 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— 
review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and 
meetings to review such proposed regulation before issuing any final regulation.’’; 
section affects the applicability of subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’) or chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Congressional Review Act’).’’. 
requirements between the State and Federal rules or regulations; and 
and charter schools (if there are charter schools in the State) and career and technical educators; 
TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RECRUITING HIGHQUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
6777) is amended, by striking the subpart designation and heading and inserting the following: 
2361 through 2368 as sections 9541 through 9548, respectively. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide grants 
to State educational agencies and subgrants to local educational agencies to— 
greater access to effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
The term ‘school leader residency program’ means a schoolbased principal or other school leader preparation program in which a prospective principal or other school leader— 
coursework, to the extent the State (in consultation with local educational agencies in the State) determines that such evidence is reasonably available, that is integrated with the clinical residency experience; and 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consortium of States); and 
or other school leader preparation academy if the academy fails to produce the minimum number or percentage of effective teachers or principals or other school leaders, respectively (as determined by the State), identified in the academy’s authorizing agreement. 
‘teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy’ means a public or other nonprofit entity, which may be an institution of higher education or an organization affiliated with an institution of higher education, that establishes an academy that will prepare teachers, principals, or other school leaders to serve in highneeds schools, and that— 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
‘‘(ii) the number of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate success in increasing student academic achievement that the academy will prepare; and 
award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher education) to a teacher only after the teacher demonstrates that the teacher is an effective teacher, as determined by the State, with a demonstrated record of increasing student academic achievement either as a student teacher or teacherofrecord on an alternative certificate, license, or credential; 
award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher education) to a principal or other school leader only after the principal or other 
school leader demonstrates a record of success in improving student performance; and 
on the methods the academy will use to train prospective teacher, principal, or other school leader candidates, including— 
faculty to hold advanced degrees or conduct academic research; 
course credits required as part of the program of study; 
coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have successfully passed all relevant Stateapproved content area examinations; or 
degree that the State may, after reviewing the academy’s results in producing effective teachers, or principals, or other school leaders, respectively (as determined by the State) recognize as at least the equivalent of a master’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and promotion in the State. 
‘teacher residency program’ means a school based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
local educational agency personnel or by faculty of the teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(ii) in the teaching of the content area in 
which the teacher will become certified or licensed; and 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated— 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the 
among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this title; and 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
the day before the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001); and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relationship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relationship to 70 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relationship to 75 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from 
families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(II) an amount that bears the same relationship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
YEARS .—For fiscal year 2021 and each of the 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
school leader certification, recertification, licensing, or tenure systems or preparation program standards and approval processes to ensure that— 
teachers teach to help students meet challenging State academic standards; 
the instructional leadership skills to help teachers teach and to help students meet such challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(III) teacher certification or licensing requirements are aligned with such challenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(ii) Developing, improving, or providing assistance to local educational agencies to support the design and implementation of teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation and support systems that are based in part on evidence of student academic achievement, which may include student growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, or other school leaders, such as by— 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, mentors, and evaluators on how to accurately differentiate performance, provide useful and timely feedback, and use evaluation results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or other areas where the State experiences a shortage of educators), principals, or other school leaders, for— 
education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
mechanisms to assist local educational agencies and schools in effectively recruiting and retaining teachers, principals, or other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement, including effective teachers from underrepresented minority groups and teachers with disabilities, such as through— 
evidencebased (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) professional development for the peers of such effective teachers; and 
teacher leaders and principals or other school leaders who are recruited as part of instructional leadership teams. 
responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, including provision of technical assistance to local educational agencies. 
‘‘(vii) Developing, or assisting local educational agencies in developing— 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as instructional coaching and mentoring (including hybrid roles that allow instructional coaching and mentoring while remaining in the classroom), school leadership, and involvement with school improvement and support; 
or other incentives, to recruit and retain teachers in highneed academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in lowincome schools and school districts, which may include performancebased pay systems; and 
leader induction and mentoring programs that are, to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidence based, and designed to— 
‘‘(aa) improve classroom instruction and student learning and achievement, including through improving school leadership programs; and 
‘‘(bb) increase the retention of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(viii) Providing assistance to local educational agencies for the development and implementation of highquality professional development programs for principals that enable the principals to be effective and prepare all students to meet the challenging State academic standards. 
and capacitybuilding to local educational agencies that receive a subgrant under this part. 
‘‘(xi) Reforming or improving teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation programs, such as through establishing teacher residency programs and school leader residency programs. 
teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy to be eligible for State financial aid to the same extent as participants in other Stateapproved teacher or principal preparation programs, including alternative certification, licensure, or credential programs; and 
or other school leaders who are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials to teach or work in the State while enrolled in a teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy. 
‘‘(xiv) Developing, or assisting local educational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, or other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifications needed to educate all students in postsecondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(xv) Providing training for all school personnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse. 
other school leaders, teachers, paraprofessionals, early childhood education program directors, and other early childhood education program providers to participate in joint efforts to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness. 
development and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to promote highquality instruction and instructional leadership in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including computer science. 
‘‘(xviii) Supporting the professional development and improving the instructional strategies of teachers, principals, or other school leaders to 
integrate career and technical education content into academic instructional practices, which may include training on best practices to understand State and regional workforce needs and transitions to postsecondary education and the workforce. 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other participating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, except that nothing in this clause shall be construed to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certification requirements. 
train teachers on the appropriate use of student data to ensure that individual student privacy is protected as required by section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and in accordance with State student privacy laws and local educational agency student privacy and technology use policies. 
the State that are, to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased and that meet the purpose of this title. 
agency will monitor the implementation of activities under this part and provide technical assistance to local educational agencies in carrying out such activities. 
agency will work in consultation with the entity responsible for teacher, principal, or other school leader professional standards, certification, and licensing for the State, and encourage collaboration between educator preparation programs, the State, and local educational agencies to promote the readiness of new educators entering the profession. 
agency will comply with section 8501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
gifted and talented, and students with low literacy levels, and provide instruction based on the needs of such students. 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, charter school leaders (in a State that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
this part with other related strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the State. 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control any of the following: 
definition of teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness. 
through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the eligible local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
section shall be construed to prohibit a consortium of local educational agencies that are designated with a locale code of 41, 42, or 43, or such local educational agencies designated with a locale code of 41, 42, or 43 that work in cooperation with an educational service agency, from voluntarily combining allocations received under this part for the collective use of funding by the consortium for activities under this section. 
subgrant under this section, a local educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
agency’s systems of professional growth and improvement, such as induction for teachers, principals, or other school leaders and opportunities for building the capacity of teachers and opportunities to develop meaningful teacher leadership. 
agency will comply with section 8501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
agency will coordinate professional development activities authorized under this part with professional development activities provided through other Federal, State, and local programs. 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
higher education or an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as such terms are defined under section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)). 
students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented students; and 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, or other school leaders that— 
‘‘(ii) shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(ii) differential and incentive pay for teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high need academic subject areas and specialty areas, which may include performancebased pay systems; 
other school leader advancement and professional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths, and pay differentiation; 
leader induction and mentoring programs that are designed to— 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(vi) a system for auditing the quality of evaluation and support systems; 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders, including midcareer professionals from other occupations, former military personnel, and recent graduates of institutions of higher education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
State) determines that such evidence is reasonably available, to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of additional effective teachers; 
and understand how to ensure individual student privacy is protected, as required under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and State and local policies and laws in the use of such data; 
community partners, and coordinate services between school and community; 
‘‘(iv) help all students develop the skills essential for learning readiness and academic success; 
‘‘(vi) participate in opportunities for experiential learning through observation; 
increase the ability of teachers to effectively teach children with disabilities, including children with significant cognitive disabilities, and English learners, which may include the use of multitier systems of support and positive behavioral intervention and supports, so that such children with disabilities and English learners can meet the challenging State academic standards; 
leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning activities for school staff and educators in preschool programs that address the transition to elementary school; 
and capacitybuilding in local educational agencies to assist teachers, principals, or other school leaders with selecting and implementing formative assessments, designing classroom based assessments, and using data from such assessments to improve instruction and student academic achievement, which may include providing additional time for teachers to review student data and respond, as appropriate; 
help educators understand when and how to refer students affected by trauma, and children with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
‘‘(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that effectively link such children to appropriate treatment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appropriate; 
based mental health programs and public or private mental health organizations; and 
‘‘(iv) addressing issues related to school conditions for student learning, such as safety, peer interaction, drug and alcohol abuse, and chronic absenteeism; 
development and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to promote highquality instruction and instructional leadership in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including computer science; 
agency receiving funds under this part shall annually submit to the Secretary a report that provides— 
grant funds received under this part to meet the purpose of this title, and how such chosen activities improved teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
subpart 3, 1.4 percent for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020; and 
compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, principals, or other school leaders to evaluate the effectiveness, fairness, quality, consistency, and reliability of the systems. 
charter school that is a local educational agency, or a consortium of local educational agencies; 
State agency designated by the chief executive of a State to participate under this subpart; 
school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that is located in an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the poverty line is 30 percent or more. 
The term ‘human capital management system’ means a system— 
based in part on measurable increases in student academic achievement; and 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in hardtostaff schools or highneed subject areas; and 
of teachers, principals, or other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
and mastery of content knowledge and superior teaching and leadership skills. 
this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this subpart for a period of not more than 2 years if the grantee demonstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is effectively using funds. Such renewal may include allowing the grantee to scale up or replicate the successful program. 
may receive (whether individually or as part of a consortium or partnership) a grant under this subpart, as amended by the Every Student Succeeds Act, only twice. 
compensation system or human capital management system that the eligible entity proposes to develop, implement, improve, or expand through the grant; 
or insufficiencies in student access to effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in highneed schools, including gaps or inequities in how effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders are distributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing patterns, school environment, educator support systems, and other schoollevel factors; 
and commitment from teachers, principals, or other school leaders, which may include charter school leaders, in the school (including organizations representing teachers, principals, or other school leaders), the community, and the local educational agency to the activities proposed under the grant; 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, or other school leader performance under the system that is based in part on measures of student academic achievement, including the baseline performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socioeconomic information as the Secretary may request; 
will use grant funds under this subpart in each year of the grant, including a timeline for implementation of such activities; 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
public or private funds that will be used to supplement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activities assisted under the grant after the end of the grant period; 
eligible entity in developing and implementing such activities; and 
under this subpart will be evaluated, monitored, and publically reported. 
this subpart, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that concentrates the activities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, or other school leaders serving in highneed schools. 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this subpart, including the distribution of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
under this subpart may be used for one or more of the following: 
and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as applicable, that— 
school leaders with ongoing, differentiated, targeted, and personalized support and feedback for improvement, including professional development opportunities designed to increase effectiveness. 
scheduling, and other schoollevel decisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school without compromising the intent or essential components of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and ‘‘(ii) authority to make staffing decisions that 
meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering opportunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in highneed schools together. 
serve in highneed schools and raise student academic achievement in the schools. 
system and process for the recruitment, selection, placement, and retention of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in highneed schools, such as by improving local educational agency policies and procedures to ensure that highneed schools are competitive and timely in— 
‘‘(ii) offering bonuses or higher salaries to effective educators; or 
entity that receives a grant under this subpart shall provide, from nonFederal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant. 
funds provided under this subpart shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this subpart. 
Congress an annual report on the implementation of the program carried out under this subpart, including— 
applicable, growth data from the schools participating in the programs supported under the grant. 
the eligible entities in recruiting and retaining highquality teachers, principals, or other school leaders, especially in highneed subject areas. 
in reading and writing by providing Federal support to States to develop, revise, or update comprehensive literacy instruction plans that, when implemented, ensure highquality instruction and effective strategies in reading and writing from early education through grade 12; and 
to early childhood education programs and local educational agencies and their public or private partners to implement evidencebased programs that ensure highquality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
contextually explicit, and systematic instruction, and frequent practice, in reading and writing across content areas; 
quality print materials that reflect the reading and development levels, and interests, of children; 
language with peers and adults in order to develop language skills, including developing vocabulary; 
screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, formative assessment processes, and summative assessments to identify a child’s learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor the child’s progress and the effects of instruction; 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learning; and 
that serve a high percentage of highneed schools and— 
programs serving lowincome or otherwise disadvantaged children, which may include home based literacy programs for preschoolaged children, that have a demonstrated record of providing comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
which not less than 50 percent of the enrolled students are children from lowincome families; or 
‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from lowincome families, which may be calculated using comparable data from the schools that feed into the high school. 
free or reducedprice lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(iii) in which the children are eligible to receive medical assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
the Interior to carry out a program described in this subpart at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
areas to carry out a program under this subpart. 
under this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years total. Such grant may be renewed for an additional 2year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
desiring a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with the State agency responsible for administering early childhood education programs and the State agency responsible for administering child care programs in the State in writing and implementing the early childhood education portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
agency will give priority in awarding a subgrant under section 2223 to an eligible entity that— 
who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line; or 
receiving a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of such grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities, based on their needs assessment and a competitive application process. 
education in the State to provide recommendations to strengthen and enhance preservice courses for students preparing to teach children from birth through grade 12 in explicit, systematic, and intensive instruction in evidencebased literacy methods. 
the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional practices to improve child literacy achievement. 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out highquality early literacy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such application shall include a description of— 
through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, including through highquality professional development; 
subgrant will be coordinated with comprehensive literacy instruction at the kindergarten through grade 12 levels; and 
evaluate the success of the activities assisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early language and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
and administer evidencebased early childhood education literacy initiatives; and 
early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and teachers in literacy development of children served under the subgrant. 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out highquality comprehensive literacy instruction in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such application shall include, for each school that the eligible entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the following information: 
needs assessment conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and improve comprehensive literacy instruction at the school. 
agency, or a provider of highquality professional development will provide ongoing high quality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and other instructional leaders served by the 
that receives a subgrant under this section shall use the subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in kindergarten through grade 5: 
childhood education program staff, principals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), special educators, school personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate) in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
plan evidencebased adolescent comprehensive literacy instruction to be delivered as part of a wellrounded education. 
to help implement, assess, and identify necessary changes to the literacy initiatives in 1 or more schools to ensure success. 
conducted under this section to State educational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; and 
school library programs, which may include providing professional development for school librarians, books, and uptodate materials to highneed schools; 
literacy programs through which, during well child visits, medical providers trained in researchbased methods of early language and literacy promotion provide developmentally appropriate books and recommendations to parents to encourage them to read aloud to their children starting in infancy; and 
on a regular basis to children and adolescents from lowincome communities to increase reading motivation, performance, and frequency. 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
and government education by educating students about the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights; and 
history, civics, and government in elementary schools and secondary schools, including the teaching of traditional American history. 
nonprofit educational organization, museum, library, or research center with demonstrated expertise in historical methodology or the teaching of American history and civics; or 
Academy that offers a seminar or institute for teachers of American history and civics, which— 
core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
eligible to attend a seminar or institute offered by a Congressional Academy under this subsection if the student— 
‘‘(ii) will be a secondary school junior or senior in the academic year following attendance at the seminar or institute. 
to promote new and existing evidencebased strategies to encourage innovative American history, civics and government, and geography instruction, learning strategies, and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, or other school leaders, particularly such instruction, strategies, activities, and programs that benefit lowincome students and underserved populations. 
Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities for the purposes of expanding, developing, implementing, evaluating, and disseminating for voluntary use, innovative, evidencebased approaches or professional development programs in American history, civics and government, and geography, which— 
student achievement in, and teaching of, American history, civics and government, or geography, in elementary schools and secondary schools; and 
the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights. 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or forprofit organization with demonstrated expertise in the development of evidencebased approaches with the potential to improve the quality of American history, civics and government, or geography learning and teaching. 
school leaders from nontraditional preparation and certification routes or pathways to serve in traditionally underserved local educational agencies; 
school leaders with professional development activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment programs and early college high school settings across a local educational agency; 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and cooperative agreements or by making the services or opportunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
school leaders with evidencebased professional enhancement activities, which may include activities that lead to an advanced credential. 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such application shall include, at a minimum, a certification that the services provided by an eligible entity under the grant to a local educational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or parents. 
evidencebased in increasing academic achievement, graduation rates, or rates of postsecondary education matriculation; 
basis, to eligible entities to enable such entities to improve the recruitment, preparation, placement, support, and retention of effective principals or other school leaders in highneed schools, which may include— 
training programs designed to prepare and support principals or other school leaders in high need schools, including through new or alternative pathways or school leader residency programs; 
activities for recruiting, selecting, and developing aspiring or current principals or other school leaders to serve in highneed schools; 
on best practices and strategies for effective school leadership in highneed schools, such as training and supporting principals to identify, develop, and maintain school leadership teams using various leadership models; and 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
desires a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, and in such manner, as the Secretary may require. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity— 
educational service agency, that serves a high need school or a consortium of such agencies; 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
than 40 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
be carried out directly or through grants or contracts, to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading or writing, or developmental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or executive functioning; 
for early identification of such students beginning not later than kindergarten; and 
Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), and regional educational laboratories established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9564). 
agencies to support the development of a State wide STEM master teacher corps; or 
organizations in partnership with State educational agencies, to support the implementation, replication, or expansion of effective science, technology, engineering, and mathematics professional development programs in schools across the State through collaboration with school administrators, principals, and STEM educators. 
section, the term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a Stateled effort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teaching profession by recognizing, rewarding, attracting, and retaining outstanding science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teachers, particularly in highneed and rural schools, by— 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, non Federal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this title. 
this title shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s— 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended— 
immigrant children and youth, to achieve at high levels in academic subjects so that all English learners can meet the same challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
teachers), principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools in establishing, implementing, and sustaining effective language instruction educational programs designed to assist in teaching English learners, including immigrant children and youth; 
teachers), principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local educational agencies to develop and enhance their capacity to provide effective instructional programs designed to prepare English learners, including immigrant children and youth, to enter allEnglish instructional settings; and 
timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standardized statewide entrance and exit procedures, including a requirement that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State. 
preparation, effective professional development activities, and other effective activities related to the education of English learners, which may include assisting teachers, principals, and other educators in— 
licensing requirements for teaching English learners; and ‘‘(ii) improving teaching skills in meeting the 
diverse needs of English learners, including how to implement effective programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this subpart, including assistance in— 
language instruction educational programs and curricula for teaching English learners; 
challenging State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and implementing, measures of English proficiency; and 
family, and community engagement in programs that serve English learners. 
activities under sections 3131 and 3202, except that not more than $2,000,000 of such amount may be reserved for the National Clearinghouse for English Language Acquisition and Language Instruction Educational Programs described in section 3202.’’; and 
in a State and in all States, using the most accurate, uptodate data, which shall be— 
manner, and containing such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; 
and implement, with timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures, including an assurance that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State; 
3114, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geographic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
receiving a subgrant under this subpart to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipient’s capacity to continue to offer effective language instruction educational programs that assist English learners in meeting challenging State academic standards; 
its programs and activities under this subpart with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appropriate; 
of each eligible entity receiving a subgrant under this subpart in helping English learners achieve English proficiency; and 
assist eligible entities if the strategies funded under this subpart are not effective, such as providing technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’’; 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘this subpart’’; and 
3115 (20 U.S.C. 6825) is amended to read as follows: 
locally designed activities to expand or enhance existing language instruction educational programs and academic content instructional programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
school, schoolwide programs for restructuring, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, 
activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and academic content instruction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and implement curricula, assessment practices and measures, and instructional strategies for English learners; 
language proficiency or substantially increasing the subject matter knowledge, teaching knowledge, and teaching skills of such teachers; and 
(which shall not include activities such as 1day or shortterm workshops and conferences) to have a positive and lasting impact on the teachers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an activity that is one component of a longterm, comprehensive professional development plan established by a teacher and the teacher’s supervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency employing the teacher, as appropriate; and 
activities and strategies that enhance or supplement language instruction educational programs for English learners, which— 
English learners by identifying, acquiring, and upgrading curricula, instructional materials, educational software, and assessment procedures. 
school language instruction educational programs that are coordinated with other relevant programs and services. 
their children to improve their academic achievement and becoming active participants in the education of their children. 
learners, which may include English learners with a disability, by providing for— 
or concurrent enrollment programs or courses designed to help English learners achieve success in postsecondary education. 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
based organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents and families of immigrant children and youth by offering comprehensive community services. 
a State educational agency under this subpart, an eligible entity shall select one or more methods or forms of effective instruction to be used in the programs and activities undertaken by the 
entity to assist English learners to attain English language proficiency and meet challenging State academic standards. 
funds made available under this subpart shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would have been expended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds.’’. 
any State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learners, consistent with sections 3125 and 3126; 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under subpart 1 shall provide such agency, at the conclusion of every second fiscal year during which the subgrant is received, with a report, in a form prescribed by the agency, on the activities conducted and children served under such subpart that includes— 
learners in the programs and activities who are making progress toward achieving English language proficiency, as described in section 
learners who exit the language instruction educational programs based on their attainment of English language proficiency; 
learners meeting challenging State academic standards for each of the 4 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this part, in the aggregate and disaggregated, at a minimum, by English learners with a disability; 
learners who have not attained English language proficiency within 5 years of initial classification as an English learner and first enrollment in the local educational agency; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘into classrooms where instruction is not tailored for limited English proficient children’’; and 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall report to the Congress on parallel Federal programs in other agencies and departments.’’. 
instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants involved; 
increase parent, family, and community member engagement in the education of English learners; 
based student financial assistance programs, for financial assistance, and costs related to tuition, fees, and books for enrolling in courses required to complete the degree involved, to meet certification or licensing requirements for teachers who work in language instruction educational programs or serve English learners; and 
promote school readiness of English learners and their transition from early childhood education programs, such as Head Start or State run preschool programs, to elementary school programs.’’. 
in consortia or collaboration with an institution of higher education, educational service agency, communitybased organization, or State educational agency. 
The term ‘English learner with a disability’ means an English learner who is also a child with a disability, as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.’’; 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners, including English learners with a disability, that includes information on best practices on instructing and serving English learners’’; and 
childhood development (Head Start) services’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ EDUCATION PROGRAMS ’’; and 
part E of such title (as so transferred and redesignated); 
part E of such title IX (as so transferred and redesignated); and 
CHARTER SCHOOLS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS ’’; 
(ii) by striking the subpart heading for subpart 1; and 
(ii) by striking sections 5308 and 5310; and (iii) by redesignating sections 5309 and 5311 as 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as redesignated and amended by section 4001, is further amended by striking sections 4001 through 4003 and inserting the following: 
local educational agency, or other entity receiving funds under this title shall obtain prior 
each child who is under 18 years of age to participate in any mentalhealth assessment or service that is funded under this title and conducted in connection with an elementary school or secondary school under this title. 
protect the immediate health and safety of the child, other children, or entity personnel; or 
‘‘(ii) a child who has attained 14 years of age 
and is an unaccompanied youth, as defined in section 725 of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a). 
under this title may be used for medical services or drug treatment or rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports, specialized instructional support services, or referral to treatment for impacted students, which may include students who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
prescription for a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) as a condition of— 
Subpart 1 of part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 
students’ academic achievement by increasing the capacity of States, local educational agencies, schools, and local communities to— 
improve the academic achievement and digital literacy of all students. 
learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technologybased and face toface instructional approaches— 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience and encompasses a wide spectrum of tools and practices, including— 
learning content (which may include openly licensed content), software, or simulations, that engage students in academic content; 
collaboration and communication, which may include student collaboration with content experts and peers; 
under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace; and 
intervention, rehabilitation referral, recovery support services, or education related to the illegal use of drugs, such as raising awareness about the consequences of drug use that are evidencebased (to the extent a State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available); and 
school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harassment and abuse, and victimization associated with prejudice and intolerance, on school premises, going to and from school, and at schoolsponsored activities, through the creation and maintenance of a school environment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
health services provider’ includes a Statelicensed or Statecertified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health professional qualified under State law to provide mental health services to children and adolescents. 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
term ‘STEMfocused specialty school’ means a school, or dedicated program within a school, that engages students in rigorous, relevant, and integrated learning experiences focused on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, which include authentic schoolwide research. 
appropriated under section 4112 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
payments to the outlying areas, to be distributed among those outlying areas on the basis of their 
relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this subpart; 
the Interior for programs under this subpart in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
under this paragraph to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed onehalf of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under this paragraph. 
across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this subpart with such existing resources and programs; 
under this subpart and provide technical assistance to local educational agencies in carrying out such activities; and 
‘‘(iii) provide for equitable access for all students to the activities supported under this subpart, including aligning those activities with the requirements of other Federal laws. 
an allotment under section 4103 for a fiscal year shall— 
technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allotment under section 4105; 
to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this subpart, so that local educational agencies can better coordinate with other agencies, schools, and communitybased services and programs; or 
‘‘(III) foreign languages; ‘‘(IV) accelerated learning programs that provide— 
credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools; or 
‘‘(bb) postsecondary level instruction and examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs; 
‘‘(VI) environmental education; or ‘‘(VII) other courses, activities, and programs 
or other experiences that contribute to a well rounded education; or 
drugfree environments that support student academic achievement, as described in section 4108, which may include— 
for schoolbased counseling and mental health programs, such as through schoolbased mental health services partnership programs; 
with resources that are evidencebased (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and 
‘‘(iv) disseminating best practices and evaluating program outcomes relating to any local educational agency activities to promote student safety and violence prevention through effective 
educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— 
needs, including the types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, software, related network infrastructure, and data security; 
‘‘(II) use technology, consistent with the principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; and 
school leaders, and local educational agency administrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and personalize learning; 
areas to expand access to highquality digital learning opportunities; 
innovative or evidencebased (to the extent the State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); 
to technology instruction, data security, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, including through making such promising practices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; 
school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, and administrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, including effective integration of technology, to improve instruction and student achievement, which may include coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and 
available through open educational resources, which may include providing tools and processes to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. 
in a State may form a consortium with other surrounding local educational agencies and combine the funds each such agency in the consortium receives under this section to jointly carry out the local activities described in this subpart. 
or consortium of such agencies, shall develop its application through consultation with parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, students, communitybased organizations, local government representatives (which may include a local law enforcement agency, local juvenile court, local child welfare agency, or local public housing agency), Indian tribes or tribal organizations that may be located in the region served by the local educational agency (where applicable), charter school teachers, principals, and other school leaders (if such agency or consortium of such agencies supports charter schools), and others with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this subpart. 
order to create a healthy and safe school environment; and 
application submitted under this section by a local educational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, shall include the following: 
higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this subpart; 
activities related to supporting wellrounded education under section 4107; 
activities related to supporting safe and healthy students under section 4108; 
activities related to supporting the effective use of technology in schools under section 4109; and 
schools served by the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that— 
needs, as determined by such local educational agency, or consortium; 
public elementary school or secondary school under section 8532; 
institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this section; and 
labor market information in assisting students with postsecondary education and career planning; and 
and the arts as tools to support student success through the promotion of constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict resolution; 
instruction and student engagement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, (referred to in this section as ‘STEM subjects’) such as— 
grade 12 who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students, to highquality courses; 
‘‘(ii) supporting the participation of lowincome students in nonprofit competitions related to STEM subjects (such as robotics, science research, invention, mathematics, computer science, and technology competitions); 
‘‘(iii) providing handson learning and exposure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and supporting the use of field based or service learning to enhance the students’ understanding of the STEM subjects; 
‘‘(iv) supporting the creation and enhancement of STEMfocused specialty schools; 
afterschool program, and informal program personnel to improve the integration of programming and instruction in the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(vi) integrating other academic subjects, including the arts, into STEM subject programs to increase participation in STEM subjects, improve attainment of skills related to STEM subjects, and promote wellrounded education; 
part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, if the lowincome students are enrolled in accelerated learning courses and plan to take accelerated learning examinations; or 
‘‘(ii) increasing the availability of, and enrollment in, accelerated learning courses, accelerated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
student access to, and success in, a variety of wellrounded education experiences. 
institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities described in this section; and 
and programs that are evidencebased (to the extent the State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available) including— 
use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smokeless tobacco products, and electronic cigarettes; and 
for school and specialized instructional support personnel and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification, intervention mentoring, recovery support services and, where appropriate, rehabilitation referral, as related to drug and violence prevention; 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community personnel working in the school that are— 
that are evidencebased (to the extent the State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available); 
early intervening services provided under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); and 
‘‘(cc) provided by qualified mental and behavioral health professionals who are certified or licensed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise; 
‘‘(ii) support a healthy, active lifestyle, including nutritional education and regular, structured physical education activities and programs, that may address chronic disease management with instruction led by school nurses, nurse practitioners, or other appropriate specialists or professionals to help maintain the wellbeing of students; 
‘‘(iii) help prevent bullying and harassment; ‘‘(iv) improve instructional practices for developing relationshipbuilding skills, such as effective communication, and improve safety through the recognition and prevention of coercion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment; 
to all students, including children who are at risk of academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or drug use and abuse; 
‘‘(vii) establish learning environments and enhance students’ effective learning skills that are essential for school readiness and academic success, such as by providing integrated systems of student and family supports; 
‘‘(vi) drug abuse prevention, including educating children facing substance abuse at home; and 
4111, child sexual abuse awareness and prevention programs or activities, such as programs or activities designed to provide— 
students about child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sexual abuse with a child; 
tailored plan to reduce exclusionary discipline practices in elementary and secondary schools that— 
based (to the extent the State, in consultation with local educational agencies in the State, determines that such evidence is reasonably available); and 
prison reduction through opportunities, mentoring, intervention, support, and other education services, referred to as a ‘youth PROMISE plan’; or 
partners are aligned with the academic expectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
administrators with the professional learning tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
development of new instructional models (including blended learning technology software and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and onetime information technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expenditures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities; or 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project; 
use of technology (which may be provided through partnerships with outside organizations) to enable teachers and instructional leaders to increase student achievement in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science; and 
underserved areas with the resources to take advantage of highquality digital learning experiences, digital resources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators. 
shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, nonFederal funds that would otherwise be used 
appropriated to carry out this subpart $1,650,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,600,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020. 
General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1223) shall apply to this subpart.’’. 
(20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
provide opportunities for communities to establish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
services, programs, and activities, such as youth development activities, service learning, nutrition and health education, drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, arts, music, physical fitness and wellness programs, technology education programs, financial literacy programs, environmental literacy programs, mathematics, science, career and technical programs, internship or apprenticeship programs, and other ties to an indemand industry sector or occupation for high school students that are designed to reinforce and complement the regular academic program of participating students; and 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
needs and aligned with the instruction students receive during the school day; and 
center opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including opportunities for literacy and related educational development. 
part (as this part was in effect on the day before the effective date of this part under the Every Student Succeeds Act); and 
success in running or working with before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activities; or 
term ‘rigorous peerreview process’ means a process by which— 
who are familiar with the programs and activities assisted under this part review all applications that the State receives for awards under this part for completeness and applicant eligibility; 
effective academic, enrichment, youth development, and related services to children; and 
‘‘(ii) not include any applicant, or representative of an applicant, that has submitted an application under this part for the current application period; and 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
make continuation awards to subgrant recipients under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Education, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot 
the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this part. 
consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities). 
(directly, or through a grant or contract) of the effectiveness of programs and activities assisted under this part. 
identifies and partners with external organizations, if available, in the community. 
part with other Federal and State funds to implement highquality programs. 
as the agency responsible for the administration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
educational agency to be in need of intervention and support; and 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consideration the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards; 
highquality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
agency will take to ensure that programs implement effective strategies, including providing ongoing technical assistance and training, evaluation, dissemination of promising practices, and coordination of professional development for staff in specific content areas and youth development; 
will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
such an award to submit a plan describing how the activities to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends; 
could provide assistance in carrying out the activities under this part; and 
entities a list of external organizations that successfully completed the prescreening process; 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activities, the heads of the State health and mental health agencies or their designees, statewide afterschool networks (where applicable) and representatives of teachers, local educational agencies, and community based organizations; and 
and resources assessment for before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activities, which shall be based on the results of on going State evaluation activities; 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of programs and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
other indicators of student success and improvement, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program attendance, and ontime advancement to the next grade level; and 
‘‘(iii) for high school students, may include indicators such as career competencies, successful completion of internships or apprenticeships, or workbased learning opportunities; 
of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
a priority or a preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the regular school day. 
learning program that provides students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(ii) a description of how students participating in the program carried out by the community learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applicable; and 
will disseminate information about the community learning center (including its location) to the community in a manner that is understandable and accessible; 
expected to improve student academic achievement as well as overall student success; 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other nonFederal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or nonFederal funds; 
a local educational agency, a communitybased organization, and another public entity or private entity, if appropriate; 
and available resources for the community learning center, and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
will use best practices, including research or evidencebased practices, to provide educational and related activities that will complement and enhance academic performance, achievement, postsecondary and workforce preparation, and positive youth development of the students; 
given notice of an intent to submit an application and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public review after submission of the application; 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an elementary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
may require an eligible entity to match subgrant funds awarded under this part, except that such match may not exceed the amount of the subgrant and may not be derived from other Federal or State funds. 
educational agency that requires an eligible entity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of inkind contributions. 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to match funds when determining which eligible entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
practicable, a State educational agency shall distribute subgrant funds under this part equitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural communities. 
awarded under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
‘‘(ii) would expand accessibility to highquality services that may be available in the community. 
may not give a priority or a preference to eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the regular school day. 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance student academic achievement and support student success, including— 
mentoring programs, remedial education activities, and tutoring services, that are aligned with— 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’), including computer science, and that foster innovation in learning by supporting nontraditional STEM education teaching methods; and 
fields of the local workforce or build career competencies and career readiness and ensure that local workforce and career readiness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
developed pursuant to this part to meet the measures of effectiveness, monitored by the 
data regarding the need for before and after school (or summer recess) programs and activities in the schools and communities; 
based research that the program or activity will help students meet the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards; 
the program or activity, and to refine the performance measures; 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon request, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
carry out this part $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
Part C of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.), as 
student achievement, families, and communities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount States typically provide for traditional public schools; 
school authorizing process to improve performance management, including transparency, oversight and monitoring (including financial audits), and evaluation of such schools; and 
transparency in the operational performance of all authorized public chartering agencies, including State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other authorizing entities. 
out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve early childhood, elementary school, or secondary school students by— 
schools, the replication of highquality charter schools, and the expansion of highquality charter schools; 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
made available under section 4311 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
funds for administrative costs, which may include technical assistance. 
shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to State entities, or prohibit State entities from awarding subgrants to eligible applicants, that use a weighted lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, educationally disadvantaged students if— 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit schools from specializing in providing specific services for students with a demonstrated need for such services, such as students who need specialized instruction in reading, spelling, or writing. 
State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
State entity awarding subgrants under this section, shall use a peerreview process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(II) fully obligate the first 2 years of funds 
appropriated for the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the first fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
‘‘(ii) prior to the start of the third year of the 
grant period and each succeeding year of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity— 
grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds; and 
will be needed for the remainder of the grant period; and 
that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities— 
‘‘(bb) in a fiscal year in which the amount of 
for which there are remaining grant funds under this paragraph, but the amount of such funds is insufficient to award a grant to a State entity under this section, the Secretary shall use such remaining grants funds— 
‘‘(ii) to award grants to State entities to carry 
such waiver will promote the purpose of this part. 
grant under this section for use in a State in which a State entity is currently using a grant received under this section. 
receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
of the State entity’s objectives in running a quality charter school program under this section and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including— 
through the startup of new charter schools and, if applicable, the replication of highquality charter schools, and the expansion of highquality charter schools (including the proposed number of new charter schools to be opened, high quality charter schools to be opened as a result of the replication of a highquality charter school, or highquality charter schools to be expanded under the State entity’s program); 
‘‘(ii) inform eligible charter schools, developers, and authorized public chartering agencies of the availability of funds under the program; 
that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that such applicants are eligible to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending those charter schools— 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and 
such programs, including students with disabilities and English learners; 
agencies, in collaboration with surrounding local educational agencies where applicable, establish clear plans and procedures to assist students enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to attend other highquality schools; 
and charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for which charter schools are eligible; and 
to operate the State entity’s program under this section, if applicable; 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate charter schools funded under this section in a manner consistent with the eligible applicant’s application for such subgrant once the subgrant funds under this section are no longer available; 
promote inclusion of all students, including by eliminating any barriers to enrollment for educationally disadvantaged students (who include foster youth and unaccompanied homeless youth); and 
‘‘(II) supporting all students once they are enrolled to promote retention, including by reducing the overuse of discipline practices that remove students from the classroom; 
‘‘(ix) share best and promising practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(II) in the case of a State entity described in 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools and, if applicable, the 
‘‘(iii) is working to develop or strengthen a cohesive strategy to encourage collaboration between charter schools and local educational agencies on the sharing of best practices; 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as a contract or performance agreement, how a school’s performance in the State’s accountability system and impact on student achievement (which may include student academic growth) will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and how the State entity and the authorized public chartering agency involved will reserve the right to revoke or not renew a school’s charter based on financial, structural, or operational factors involving the management of the school; 
flexibility granted to a charter school is consistent with the definition of a charter school in section 4310; 
‘‘(IV) a description of how the eligible applicant will solicit and consider input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(VI) a description of how the eligible applicant will support the use of effective parent, family, and community engagement strategies to operate each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity will 
ensure that each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program has considered and planned for the transportation needs of the school’s students; 
the State entity is located addresses charter schools in the State’s open meetings and open records laws; and 
support diverse charter school models, including models that serve rural communities. 
through the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations, including autonomy over personnel decisions; 
recruiting, enrolling, retaining, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
schools, including, as appropriate, graduation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, annual audits of financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring that any such audits are publically reported; and 
the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the charter school and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as through renewal, nonrenewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decisionmaking about the public school system in the State; and 
generally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply to such schools. 
State’s charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under such law; 
receiving subgrants under the program will meet those objectives and improve educational results for students; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public chartering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and authorized public chartering agencies; and 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to a State entity to the extent that the entity meets the following criteria: 
local educational agency to be an authorized public chartering agency for developers seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State in which local educational agencies are the only authorized public chartering agencies, the State has an appeals process for the denial of an application for a charter school. 
that ensures equitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, for charter schools and students in a prompt manner. 
provides charter schools one or more of the following: 
‘‘(iv) The ability to share in bonds or mill levies. 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local educational agencies. 
that serve atrisk students through activities such as dropout prevention, dropout recovery, or comprehensive career counseling services. 
specialized instructional support personnel, including through paying the costs associated with— 
(including technology), and educational materials (including developing and acquiring instructional materials). 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5year grant period (or at the end of the second year of the grant period if the grant is less than 5 years), and at the end of such grant period, a report that includes the following: 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, the number of new students served during each year of the period of the subgrant. 
ensured that eligible applicants complied with, the assurances included in the State entity’s application; and 
possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
by a State governmental entity, a description of the actions that the eligible entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding that charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
renovation, repair, or alteration of existing facilities, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by providing technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the recruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit of 
schools served during the reporting period, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance provided to the charter schools; 
OBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds that may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
not be construed to impair or affect the authority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a program in which a State makes payments, on a perpupil basis, to charter schools to provide the schools with financing— 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
year for which the program receives assistance under this subsection; 
under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations, and such organizations may provide not more than 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering, the perpupil facilities aid program. 
more than 1 grant under this subsection, so long as the amount of total funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per pupil facilities aid programs, operations financing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space, but that does not have a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools specified in State law, is eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a perpupil facilities aid program consistent with the requirements of this subsection. 
grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
program carried out under this part, including the impact on student achievement. 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a charter management organization. 
entity desiring to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
each charter school currently operated or managed by the eligible entity— 
for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended year adjusted cohort graduation rates; and 
‘‘(II) the grade levels or ages of students who 
schools will be sustained after the grant under this subsection has ended, which shall include a multiyear financial and operating model for the eligible entity; 
such charter schools will recruit and enroll students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and other educationally disadvantaged students; and 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements that the eligible entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of such charter schools. 
has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
due to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
the eligible entity revoked or terminated, including through voluntary disaffiliation; and 
has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
charter schools with racially and socioeconomically diverse student bodies; 
the same terms and conditions as grants awarded to State entities under section 4303.’’; 
part B’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’), and part B’’; 
and State audit requirements as do other elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State;’’; 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that operates or manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and oversight. 
with respect to a highquality charter school, means to significantly increase enrollment or add one or more grades to the highquality charter school. 
term ‘highquality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
student safety, financial and operational management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
increasing student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, for all students served by the charter school; and 
used with respect to a highquality charter school, means to open a new charter school, or a new campus of a highquality charter school, based on the educational model of an existing highquality charter school, under an existing charter or an additional charter, if permitted or required by State law.’’; and 
Part D of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as 
(II) by striking ‘‘content standards and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘standards’’; 
available evidence on, or if such evidence is not available, a rationale, based on current research, for’’ before ‘‘how the proposed magnet school programs’’; 
and evaluate the impact of the activities funded under this part on student achievement and integration;’’; and 
school program, using evidencebased methods and practices, as available; or 
taking into account socioeconomic diversity in designing and implementing magnet school programs.’’; 
consortium of such agencies, or other organizations partnered with such agency or consortium, to establish, expand, or strengthen interdistrict and regional magnet programs; and 
not represent a significant portion of the grant funds received by the eligible local educational agency under this part .’’; and 
to be appropriated to carry out this part the following amounts: 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by section 4001, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
local educational agencies, communitybased organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the educational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between parents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of children. 
this part with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1116 and other provisions of this Act. 
agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and programs to engage families in education. 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a statewide family engagement center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
Each organization or consortium receiving assistance under this part shall demonstrate that, for each fiscal year after the first fiscal year for which the organization or consortium is receiving such assistance, a portion of the services provided by the organization or consortium is supported through nonFederal contributions, which may be in cash or inkind. 
shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4506 to carry 
out this part to provide technical assistance, by competitive grant or contract, for the establishment, development, and coordination of statewide family engagement centers. 
building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that includes— 
will take to target services to lowincome students and parents. 
received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and communitybased organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvantaged students, including students who are English learners, minorities, students with disabilities, homeless children and youth, children and youth in foster care, and migrant students; 
center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and communitybased organizations; 
and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1471; 1472); 
received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assistance for evidencebased parent education programs; 
agencies, local educational agencies, and communitybased organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
and parents, including lowincome students and parents who are not proficient in English. 
student academic achievement, including understanding how parents can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in after school and extracurricular programs; 
children, teachers, school leaders, counselors, administrators, and other school personnel; 
with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and systemic initiatives that will provide for a continuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school reform efforts; and 
section shall be construed to prohibit a statewide family engagement center from— 
a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
section shall take any action that infringes in any manner on the right of parents to direct the education of their children. 
with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with, local tribes, tribal organizations, or Indian nonprofit parent organizations to establish and operate family engagement centers. 
carry out this part $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’.’’. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by the previous provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part— 
‘‘(ii) 42 percent of such remainder for each of 
‘‘(ii) 32 percent of such remainder for each of 
‘‘(ii) 26 percent of such remainder for each of 
take to scale entrepreneurial, evidencebased, fieldinitiated innovations to improve student achievement and attainment for highneed students; and 
promise, for the purpose of determining whether the program can successfully improve student achievement or attainment for highneed students; 
urbancentric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(iii) an educational service agency or a nonprofit organization in partnership with such a local educational agency; or 
the program are designated with a locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a combination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
in areas with a concentration of local educational agencies or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17— 
the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
under this section shall conduct an independent evaluation of the effectiveness of the program carried out under such grant. 
entities, which may include preapplication workshops, webbased seminars, and evaluation support; and 
developmental outcomes of children living in the most distressed communities of the United States, including ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and access to a communitybased continuum of highquality services; and 
defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b); or 
in formal partnership with not less than 1 of the following entities: 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
‘‘(III) The office of a chief elected official of 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
term ‘fullservice community school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that— 
to coordinate and integrate educational, developmental, family, health, and other comprehensive services through communitybased organizations and public and private partnerships; and 
to students, families, and the community, such as access during the school year (including before and afterschool hours and weekends), as well as during the summer. 
services’ means a continuum of coordinated supports, services, and opportunities for children from birth through entry into and success in postsecondary education, and career attainment. Such services shall include, at a minimum, strategies to address through services or programs (including integrated student supports) the following: 
supports, which may include engaging or supporting families at school or at home. 
and workforce readiness, which may include job training, internship opportunities, and career counseling. 
who have attended the schools in the area served by the pipeline, or students who are members of the community, facilitating their continued connection to the community and success in postsecondary education and the workforce. 
‘‘(ii) multiple signs of distress, which may include high rates of poverty, childhood obesity, academic failure, and juvenile delinquency, adjudication, or incarceration; and 
The provision of assistance to public elementary schools or secondary schools to function as full service community schools. 
awarded under this subpart shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out the applicable purposes of this subpart. 
subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be extended for an additional period of not more than 2 years. 
receiving a grant under this subpart for activities described in section 4624 shall contribute matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the amount of the grant. Such matching funds shall come from Federal, State, local, and private sources. 
require that a portion of the matching funds come from private sources, which may include inkind contributions. 
the matching funds requirement under this paragraph for applicants that demonstrate high need, including applicants from rural areas and applicants that wish to provide services on tribal lands. 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider the ability of an eligible entity to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this subpart. 
entity desiring a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, including, at a minimum, all of the following: 
which the needs analysis was produced, including a description of how parents, families, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
agencies, and other communitybased organizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
identify the pipeline services to be provided, which shall not include information that is more than 3 years old; and 
‘‘(ii) ensuring appropriate diagnostic assessments and referrals for children with disabilities and children aged 3 through 9 experiencing developmental delays, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), where applicable. 
and other community resources with an integrated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
mental health services and supports, for children, family members, and community members, which may include services provided within the school building. 
assist students through school transitions, which may include expanding access to postsecondary education courses and postsecondary education enrollment aid or guidance, and other supports for atrisk youth. 
entity will use to establish and maintain family and community engagement, including— 
the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the activities of each grant awarded under this subpart for activities described in this section; 
to assist family and community members in actively supporting student achievement and child development; 
education, workforce development centers, and employers to align expectations and programming with postsecondary education and workforce readiness, 
that receives a grant under this subpart to carry out a program of activities described in this section shall use the grant funds to— 
program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds provided under this subpart for activities described in this section that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
purposes of improving instruction, classroom environment, professional development, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
of highquality services for children living in the most distressed communities of the United States, beginning at birth. 
all partner entities in the eligible entity that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide pipeline services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
academic, physical, nonacademic, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
community school site has a fulltime coordinator of pipeline services at such school, including a description of the applicable funding sources, plans for professional development for the personnel managing, coordinating, or delivering pipeline services, and plans for joint utilization and management of school facilities. 
services described in this subsection after the grant period. 
this subpart for activities described in this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
an eligible entity receiving a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section to use not more than 10 percent of the total amount of grant funds for planning purposes during the first year of the grant. 
not award a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section to an eligible entity in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the grant period, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
this subpart for activities described in this section shall be used to— 
services provided by communitybased organizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
made available to an eligible entity through a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section may be used only to supplement, 
and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
Project School Emergency Response to Violence program (in this section referred to as ‘Project SERV’), in order to provide educationrelated services to eligible entities; and 
out other activities to improve students’ safety and wellbeing, during and after the school day, under this section directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements with public or private entities or individuals, or other Federal agencies, such as providing technical assistance to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this section or conducting a national evaluation. 
to use a portion of extended services grant funds under Project SERV to initiate or strengthen a violence prevention activity shall— 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity that has 
due to a continued disruption or a substantial risk of disruption to the learning environment. 
that are designed to restore and preserve the learning environment. ‘‘(iii) A budget and budget narrative for the 
under Project SERV for violence prevention activities under this section shall be subject to the discretion of the Secretary and the availability of funds. 
an eligible entity for violence prevention activities may be used for construction, renovation, or repair of a facility or for the permanent infrastructure of the eligible entity. 
and dissemination of accessible instructional programming for preschool and elementary school children and their families, as described in section 4643; and 
assistance made available under this section, the Secretary shall require each eligible entity receiving such assistance— 
each project or program carried out with such assistance with appropriate activities of public or private cultural agencies, institutions, and organizations, including museums, arts education associations, libraries, and theaters; and 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that are eligible national nonprofit organizations. 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
through contracts with producers of children’s and family educational television programming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
‘‘(iii) facilitate the development of programming and digital content containing Readyto Learn programming and resources for parents and caregivers that is specially designed for nationwide distribution over public television stations’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
telecommunications entities) so that programming developed under this section is disseminated and distributed to the widest possible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to distance learning technologies, that are designed— 
developed under clauses (ii) and (iii) among parents, family members, teachers, principals and other school leaders, Head Start providers, providers of family literacy services, child care providers, early childhood educators, elementary school teachers, public libraries, and after school program personnel caring for preschool and elementary school children. 
support materials as appropriate, to young children, parents, child care workers, Head Start providers, and providers of family literacy services to increase the effective use of such programming. 
mission and nonprofit nature, to negotiate such contracts in a manner that returns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any programrelated products. 
materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational outreach at the local level. 
receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
will undertake widely to disseminate the content developed under this section; and 
to develop publicprivate partnerships to secure nonFederal support for the development, distribution, and broadcast of educational and instructional programming. 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a biannual report that includes the following: 
receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, contract, or agreement for the normal and customary expenses of administering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
to promote and initiate a coordinated program, to be known as the ‘Jacob K. Javits Gifted and Talented Students Education Program’, of evidencebased research, demonstration projects, innovative strategies, and similar activities designed to build and enhance the ability of elementary schools and secondary schools nationwide to identify gifted and talented students and meet their special educational needs. 
well as gifted and talented services, materials, and methods, can be adapted, if appropriate, for use by all students; and 
assisted under this section may include any of the following: 
projects for identifying and serving gifted and talented students, including innovative methods and strategies (such as summer programs, mentoring programs, peer tutoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative learning programs involving business, industry and education) for identifying and educating students who may not be served by traditional gifted and talented programs. 
headed by a Director. The Secretary may authorize the Director to carry out such functions of the National Center as may be agreed upon through arrangements with institutions of higher education, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, or other public or private agencies and organizations. 
the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and development activities supported by the Institute; and 
activities that are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
section, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to— 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented students; or 
and provision of services to, gifted and talented students (including economically disadvantaged individuals, individuals who are English learners, and children with disabilities) who may not be identified and served through traditional assessment methods; or 
and results of programs and projects funded under this section is disseminated to appropriate State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other appropriate organizations, including private nonprofit organizations; and 
under this section in accordance with section 8601, in terms of the impact on students traditionally served in separate gifted and talented 
results of such evaluation to Congress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
shall ensure that the programs under this section are administered within the Department by a person who has recognized professional qualifications and experience in the field of the education of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is redesignated as title V and further amended— 
Part A of title V, as redesignated and amended by section 5001 of this Act, is further amended— 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to allow States 
and local educational agencies the flexibility to target Federal funds to the programs and activities that most effectively address the unique needs of States and localities.’’; 
by striking ‘‘not more than 50 percent of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and inserting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
State or local educational agency may not transfer under this part to any other program any funds allotted or allocated to it for the following provisions: 
Part B of title V, as redesignated and amended by section 5001 of this Act, is further amended— 
(II) by striking ‘‘7 or 8, as determined by the 
Secretary; or’’ and inserting ‘‘41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary;’’; 
of an educational service agency that does not receive funds under this subpart and the local educational agency meets the requirements of this part.’’; and 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; and 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(III) in clause (ii) (as redesignated by subclause (II))— 
(bb) by striking ‘‘6, 7, or 8’’ and inserting ‘‘32, 
(cc) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
waive the criteria described in clause (ii) of such subparagraph.’’; 
time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘at such time and in such manner’’; and 
notify eligible local educational agencies of the grant competition; and 
that follows through ‘‘Each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ REPORT .—Each’’; 
inserting ‘‘or specially qualified agency’’ after ‘‘Each State educational agency’’; 
made toward meeting the objectives and outcomes described in the application submitted under section 5223, including having all students in the State or the area served by the specially qualified agency, as applicable, meet the challenging State academic standards.’’; 
agency is eligible for funding under both this subpart and subpart 1, such local educational 
agency may receive funds under either this subpart or subpart 1 for a fiscal year, but may not receive funds under both subparts for such fiscal year. 
agency eligible for funding under both this subpart and subpart 1 shall notify the Secretary and the State educational agency under which of such subparts the local educational agency intends to receive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is established by the Secretary for the notification.’’; and 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years,’’ and inserting ‘‘$169,840,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017 through 2020,’’. 
Part C of title V, as redesignated by section 
5001 of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curriculum, or program of instruction, as a condition of eligibility to receive funds under this Act. 
mandate equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into account, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and characteristics of rural schools and rural local educational agencies; and 
Education can take to meaningfully increase the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the Department of Education; 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
out, provide a written explanation to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives of why the action was not carried out. TITLE VI—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is redesignated as title VI. 
7112, 7113, 7114, 7115, 7116, 7117, 7118, 7119, 7121, 7122, 7131, 7132, 7133, 7134, 7135, 7136, 7141, 7142, 7143, 7144, 7151, 7152, 7201, 7202, 7203, 7204, 7205, 7206, 7207, 7301, 7302, 7303, 7304, 7305, and 7306, as sections 6101, 6102, 6111, 6112, 6113, 6114, 6115, 6116, 6117, 6118, 6119, 6121, 6122, 6131, 6132, 6133, 6134, 6135, 6136, 6141, 6142, 6143, 6144, 6151, 6152, 6201, 6202, 6203, 6204, 6205, 6206, 6207, 6301, 6302, 6303, 6304, 6305, and 6306, respectively; 
U.S.C. 7401) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘It is further the policy of the United States to ensure that Indian children do not attend school in buildings that are dilapidated or deteriorating, which may negatively affect the academic success of such children.’’. 
redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support the 
efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities— 
knowledge and understanding of Native communities, languages, tribal histories, traditions, and cultures; and 
school leaders, and other staff who serve Indian students have the ability to provide culturally appropriate and effective instruction and supports to such students.’’. 
redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, and other entities in developing elementary school and secondary school programs for Indian students that are designed to— 
grants, from allocations made under section 6113, and in accordance with this section and section 6113, to— 
agencies, Indian tribes, Indian organizations, or Indian communitybased organizations, if each local educational agency participating in such a consortium, if applicable— 
Indian children served by such local educational agency will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency; and 
ORGANIZATION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian communitybased organization’ means any organization that— 
family members, and community members, tribal government education officials, and tribal members, from a specific community; 
U.S.C. 7423) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; and 
standards developed by the State under title I for all students;’’; 
made available under this subpart to supplement other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of Indian students;’’; 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the Indian tribes whose children are 
served by the local educational agency, consistent with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and’’; and 
by such agency;’’ and inserting ‘‘served by such agency, and meet program objectives and outcomes for activities under this subpart; and’’; and 
tribes on Indian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribes have any children in such school, Indian organizations,’’ after ‘‘parents of Indian children and teachers,’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian’’; and 
‘‘(iii) determined that the program will directly enhance the educational experience of Indian students; and’’; and 
clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
outreach to parents and family members to meet the requirements under this paragraph; 
funds received under this subpart only for activities described and authorized in this subpart; and 
such policies and procedures, including policies and procedures relating to the hiring of personnel, as will ensure that the program for which assistance is sought will be operated and evaluated in consultation with, and with the involvement of, parents and family members of the children, and representatives of the area, to be served.’’; and 
shall, directly or by contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency or Bureau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance available under other provisions of this Act or available through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the services and activities provided under this subpart, including technical assistance for— 
this subpart, including identifying eligible entities that have not applied for such grants and undertaking appropriate activities to encourage such entities to apply for grants under this subpart; 
Section 6115 (20 U.S.C. 7425) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
the services and activities described in such application’’ before the semicolon; and 
language programs and Native American language restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
the program described in the application submitted by the local educational agency; 
the acquisition of the equipment is essential to achieve the purpose described in section 6111; 
of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational program of the local educational agency; 
unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
of atrisk Indian students in correctional facilities, including such strategies that support Indian students who are transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies.’’; 
its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce benefits to Indian students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program.’’; and 
Funds provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for longdistance travel expenses for training activities that are available locally or regionally.’’. 
Section 6116 (20 U.S.C. 7426) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
Human Services,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior,’’; and 
Child Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Every Student Succeeds Act’’; and 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Every Student Succeeds Act’’; and 
(20 U.S.C. 7427) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
following: ‘‘All individual data collected shall be protected by the local educational agencies and only aggregated data shall be reported to the Secretary.’’; 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student.’’; 
MAINTAIN FISCAL EFFORT .—Each local educational agency shall maintain fiscal effort in accordance with section 8521 or be subject to reduced payments under this subpart in accordance with such section 8521.’’. 
shall award grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out activities that meet the purpose of this section, including— 
other related activities, that address the special health, social, and psychological problems of Indian children and youth; 
and projects designed to assist and encourage Indian children and youth to enter, remain in, or reenter school, and to increase the rate of high school graduation for Indian children and youth; 
grade 3, including kindergarten and prekindergarten programs, familybased preschool programs that emphasize school readiness, screening and referral, and the provision of services to Indian children and youth with disabilities; 
local businesses for career preparation programs designed to provide Indian youth with the knowledge and skills such youth need to make an effective transition from school to a high skill career; 
unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children and youth, and incorporate traditional leaders; 
grant payment for a grant described in this paragraph to an eligible entity after the initial year of the multiyear grant only if the Secretary determines’’ and inserting ‘‘award grants for an initial period of not more than 3 years and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary determines’’; and 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘parents and family of Indian children’’; and 
demonstrating that the proposed program for the activities is a scientifically based research program’’ and inserting ‘‘information demonstrating that the proposed program is an evidencebased program’’. 
6122 (20 U.S.C. 7442) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
and support to qualified Indian individuals to enable such individuals to become effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, administrators, paraprofessionals, counselors, social workers, and specialized instructional support personnel;’’; 
promote retention of effective teachers, principals, and school leaders who have a record of success in helping lowachieving Indian students improve their academic achievement, outcomes, and preparation for postsecondary education or employment.’’; 
guidance, and instructional support provided by educators, local traditional leaders, or cultural experts, as appropriate for teachers during their first 3 years of employment as teachers; 
as students who may not be of traditional college age, to become teachers, principals, or school leaders; 
to support the recruitment, preparation, and professional development of Indian teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high proportion of Indian students; and 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for an additional period of not more than 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’; and 
‘‘people’’ and inserting ‘‘students in a local educational agency that serves a high proportion of Indian students’’. 
6131 (20 U.S.C. 7451) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
schools that use Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction; 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support the entity’s use of a Native American or Alaska Native language as the primary language of instruction in elementary schools or secondary schools, or both: 
public charter school that is a local educational agency under State law. 
Alaska Native language to be used for instruction at the school supported by the eligible entity. 
through 1 or more Native American or Alaska Native languages being provided to targeted students at such school, if any. 
local educational agency, tribal education agency or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing entity); 
tribally designated longterm goals for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
‘‘(ii) the school provides assessments of students using the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction, where possible; 
and leadership personnel at such school is sufficient to deliver highquality education through the Native American or Alaska Native language used in the school; and 
‘‘(iv) the school will collect and report to the 
public data relative to student achievement and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsecondary education or workforce development programs, of students who are enrolled in the school’s programs. 
language at the school or available to be hired by the school or organization. 
in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c)). 
the duration of each grant, which shall not exceed 3 years; and 
that receives a grant under this section shall use such funds to carry out the following activities: 
teachers and, as appropriate, staff and administrators to strengthen the overall language and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes.’’. 
grants under this section to eligible applicants to enable the eligible applicants to— 
means a federally recognized tribe or a State recognized tribe. 
‘tribal educational agency’ means the agency, department, or instrumentality of an Indian tribe that is primarily responsible for supporting tribal students’ elementary and secondary education. 
including formula grant programs under this Act, consistent with State law and under a written agreement between the parties; 
State educational agency and local educational agency, in areas such as data collection and analysis, grants management and monitoring, fiscal accountability, and other areas as needed; 
agency and local educational agency in areas related to tribal history, language, or culture; 
conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; 
evaluating the effectiveness of the activities for which assistance is sought and for determining whether such objectives are achieved; and 
an application submitted by an eligible applicant under this subsection if the application, including any documentation submitted with the application— 
has consulted with other education entities, if any, within the territorial jurisdiction of the applicant that will be affected by the activities to be conducted under the grant; 
education entities in the operation and evaluation of the activities conducted under the grant; and 
resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activities for which assistance is sought. 
under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of tribal students.’’. 
7401 et seq.) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by striking section 6136. 
(as redesignated by section 6001) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Section 6152 (20 U.S.C. 7492) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,381,000 for fiscal year 2017, $102,388,620 for fiscal year 2018, $104,436,392 for fiscal year 2019, and $106,525,120 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,993,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and 
out subpart 3, there are authorized to be appropriated $5,565,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
Section 6204 (20 U.S.C. 7514) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
a timely manner, and chosen from a list of 5 individuals who represent one or more private grantmaking entities that is submitted to the Secretary by the Education Council; 
a timely manner, and chosen from a list of 5 individuals who are from the Island of Molokai or the Island of Lanai that is submitted to the Secretary by the Mayor of Maui County; 
Workforce Development Council (or a designee representing the private sector). 
the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who appointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or provider of Native Hawaiian educational or cultural activities, with traditional cultural experience given due consideration. 
designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
shall select a Chairperson and a Vice Chairperson from among the members of the Education Council. 
Vice Chairperson shall each serve for a 2year term. 
shall meet at the call of the Chairperson of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this section. 
of, and serving as a clearinghouse for, the educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including the programs assisted under this part. 
through the issuance of reports and recommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, relating to Native Hawaiian education, and serving, where appropriate, in an advisory capacity. 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian educational performance and meeting the goals of this part, using metrics related to these goals; and 
the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to address such needs; 
community on the outcomes of the activities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
U.S.C. 7515) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended— 
‘‘(ii) before, after, and summer school programs, expanded learning time, or weekend academies;’’; and 
and adult education programs’’ and inserting ‘‘career and technical education programs’’; and 
as may be necessary for fiscal year 2002 and 
each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$32,397,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’; and 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’. 
to maximize the leadership of and participation by Alaska Natives in the planning and the management of Alaska Native education programs and to support efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all students. 
support to efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alaska Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Public Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive educational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor operate or fund Alaska Native education programs. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives.’’. 
languages and cultures in the educational success and longterm wellbeing of Alaska Native students. 
languages into education, develop Alaska Native students’ positive identity, and support local placebased and culturebased curriculum 
Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, management, and evaluation of programs designed to serve Alaska Native students.’’. 
U.S.C. 7544) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
‘‘(ii) an Alaska Native organization that operates a program that fulfills the purposes of this part; 
as described in the definition of a tribal organization under section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
plans, methods, strategies, and activities to improve the educational outcomes of Alaska Natives. 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
informed and reflect the cultural diversity, languages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people, including curricula intended to preserve and promote Alaska Native culture. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and disseminate best practices and introduce successful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native students in urban and rural schools. 
professional development programs to prepare teachers to develop appreciation for, and understanding of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, and ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students and improve the teaching methods of educators. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the certification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, other school leaders, and superintendents. 
activities designed to improve the school readiness of Alaska Native children, including— 
visiting programs for Alaska Native preschool children, to ensure the active involvement of parents in their children’s education from the earliest ages; 
‘‘(ii) training, education, and support, including inhome visitation, for parents and caregivers of Alaska Native children to improve parenting and caregiving skills (including skills relating to discipline and cognitive development, reading readiness, observation, storytelling, and critical thinking); 
from the prenatal period of the infant through age 3; 
‘‘(vi) early childhood education programs; and ‘‘(vii) native language immersion within early 
enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children and incorporate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and adults and other such research and evaluation activities related to programs funded under this part. 
in Alaska Native history and ways of living to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Natives among Alaska Native youth and elders, nonNative students and teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instructing Alaska Native youth in leadership, communication, and Alaska Native culture, arts, history, and languages; 
‘‘(III) intergenerational learning and internship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
‘‘(VII) preparation for postsecondary education and career planning; and 
crosscultural immersion programs, and culture camps designed to build mutual respect and understanding among participants. 
Alaska Native students that are designed to improve academic proficiency and graduation 
this part, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous evaluation component. 
connections between and among schools, families, and communities, including positive youth adult relationships, to— 
Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, including programs providing techprep, mentoring, training, and apprenticeship activities. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $31,453,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
(20 U.S.C. 7545) (as redesignated by section 6001) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Not more than 5 percent of funds provided to 
an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes.’’. 
‘Alaska Native organization’ means an organization that has or commits to acquire expertise in the education of Alaska Natives and is— 
the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), that is an Indian tribe located in Alaska; 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘Native American language’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990 (25 U.S.C. 2902). 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
education being provided primarily through the medium of Native American languages; and 
such terms are defined by section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that sponsor Native American language immersion schools; and 
Alaska Native language and Native American language medium education, including scholars who are fluent in Native American languages. 
Native American languages to provide instruction in reading, language arts, mathematics, science, and, as applicable, other academic subjects; 
and other outcomes of students who have completed the highest grade taught primarily through such schools or programs, including, when available, college attendance rates compared with demographically similar students who did not attend a school in which the language of instruction was a Native American language. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
in coordination with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare a report on efforts to address outbreaks of suicides among elementary school and secondary school students (referred to in this section as ‘‘student suicides’’) that occurred within 1 year prior to the date of enactment of this Act in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code). 
high numbers of student suicides in Indian country (as so defined); 
streamline access to programs regarding student suicides, including information on how the Department of Education, the Department of the Interior, and the Department of Health and Human Services work together on administration of such programs; 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is repealed. 
U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is redesignated as title VII and further amended— 
property eligible under this section that is within the boundaries of 2 or more local educational agencies that are eligible under this section, any of such agencies may ask the Secretary to calculate (and the Secretary shall calculate) the taxable value of the eligible Federal property that is within its boundaries by— 
values of the eligible Federal property from each eligible local educational agency that shares the Federal property; and 
or more districts, at least 1 of which was eligible for assistance under this section for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation; and 
local educational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the Impact Aid Improvement Act of 2012 is enacted’’ and inserting ‘‘For each local educational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 or any succeeding fiscal year’’; 
‘‘(ii) attached to, and under any type of force 
protection agreement with, the military installation upon which such housing is situated.’’; 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total student 
enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total student 
enrollment of less than 500 students, 150 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average perpupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for general fund purposes that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has a tax rate for general fund purposes 
which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for comparable local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that has a 
total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,000 of such children are 
subclause (II)(bb) (except that a local educational agency with a total student enrollment of less than 350 students shall be deemed to have satisfied such perpupil expenditure requirement) and has a tax rate for general fund purposes which is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for comparable local educational agencies in the State; and 
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In the case of a 
‘‘(III) TAKEN OVER BY STATE BOARD OF EDU CATION .—In the case of a heavily impacted local 
‘‘(II) fourfifths of the average perpupil expenditure of all of the States for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made. 
‘‘(II) ENROLLMENT OF 100 OR FEWER CHIL DREN .—For a local educational agency that has 
clause (ii), for the purpose of determining the average tax rates for general fund purposes for local educational agencies in a State under this paragraph, the Secretary shall use either— 
‘‘(II) the average tax rate of all the local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(III) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after 2012, the Secretary shall reserve a total of $14,000,000 from funds that remain unobligated under this section from fiscal years 2015 or 2016 in order to make payments under this clause for fiscal years 2011 through 2014. 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AFFECTED BY PRI VATIZATION OF MILITARY HOUSING .— 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational agency 
a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Interior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(II) of not less than 100 of such children; and ‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or movements of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure of 
AND 8003 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 7002 AND 7003 ’’; 
‘‘(cc) Not less than 10 percent of the property 
by striking ‘‘, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and containing such additional information as may be necessary to meet any award criteria for a grant under this subsection as provided by any other Act’’; and 
7001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or under the Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1994)’’. 
Native Claims Settlement Act to a Native individual, Native group, or village or regional corporation (including single family occupancy properties that may have been subsequently sold or leased to a third party), except that property that is conveyed under such Act— 
‘‘(aa) that is not taxed is, for the purposes of 
this paragraph, considered taxexempt due to Federal law; and 
purpose of this paragraph if the property is located within a Regional Educational Attendance Area that has no taxing power;’’; and 
McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
under the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); or’’. 
for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$66,813,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $71,997,917 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,151,233,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $1,240,572,618 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$48,316,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $52,065,487 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
and such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2001, $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2002, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the five succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,406,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $18,756,765 for fiscal year 2020’’; and 
and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,835,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, and $5,210,213 for fiscal year 2020’’. 
U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) (as amended by sections 2001 and 4001 of this Act) is redesignated as title VIII and further amended— 
program’ means a program offered by a partnership between at least one institution of higher education and at least one local educational agency through which a secondary school student who has not graduated from high school with a regular high school diploma is able to enroll in one or more postsecondary courses and earn postsecondary credit that— 
recognized educational credential as described in the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘early college high school’ means a partnership between at least one local educational agency and at least one institution of higher education that allows participants to simultaneously complete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma and earn not less than 12 credits that are transferable to the institutions of higher education in the partnership as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary degree or credential at no cost to the participant or participant’s family.’’; 
by striking ‘‘limited English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learner’’; and 
agency, or school activity, means an activity, strategy, or intervention that— 
designed and wellimplemented correlational study with statistical controls for selection bias; or 
highquality research findings or positive evaluation that such activity, strategy, or intervention is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
‘expanded learning time’ means using a longer school day, week, or year schedule to significantly increase the total number of school hours, in order to include additional time for— 
number of students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime students in grade 9 enrolled in the high school no later than the date by which student membership data must be collected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics under section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543), adjusted by— 
‘‘(AA) standardsbased; ‘‘(BB) aligned with the State requirements for 
recognized equivalent of a diploma, such as a general equivalency diploma, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation, or obtain documentation from the State educational agency, to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
those high schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the date by which student membership data is collected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543). 
number of students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime students in grade 9 enrolled in the high school no later than the date by which student membership data is collected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543), adjusted by— 
‘‘(AA) the fourth year of high school; or ‘‘(BB) a summer session immediately following 
recognized equivalent of a diploma, such as a general equivalency diploma, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation, or obtain documentation from the State educational agency, to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, or transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
expected to receive a regular high school diploma; or 
was enrolled in a high school, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
those high schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the date by which student membership data must be collected annually by State educational agencies for submission to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9543). 
graduation rate of the school over a period of three years; or 
term ‘multitier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evidencebased, systemic practices to support a rapid response to students’ needs, with regular observation to facilitate databased instructional decisionmaking.’’; 
‘pay for success initiative’ means a performancebased grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by a public entity in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes that result in social benefit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector. Such an initiative shall include— 
uses experimental or quasiexperimental design or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; 
educational agency strategies for providing educators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and, as applicable, early childhood educators) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in a wellrounded education and to meet the challenging State academic standards; and 
short term workshops), intensive, collaborative, jobembedded, datadriven, and classroomfocused, and may include activities that— 
achievement from multiple sources, including how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; 
‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each educator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(II) strategies for improving student academic achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers; 
to, academic goals of the school or local educational agency; 
‘‘(viii) are developed with extensive participation of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as applicable), and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appropriate language and academic support services to those children, including the appropriate use of curricula and assessments; 
their impact on increased teacher effectiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to improve the quality of professional development; 
with disabilities or children with developmental delays, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services, to those children, including positive behavioral interventions and supports, multitier system of supports, and use of accommodations; 
‘‘(xiv) include instruction in ways that teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
institutions of higher education, including, as applicable, Tribal Colleges and Universities as 
‘‘(xvi) create programs to enable paraprofessionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assistance under part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofessionals to become certified and licensed teachers; 
who have participated in activities described in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
school staff and other early childhood education program providers, to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness.’’; 
of a diploma, such as a general equivalency diploma, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
school or secondary school, local educational agency, or other entity operating an elementary school or secondary school; and 
leadership and managerial operations in the elementary school or secondary school building.’’; 
such as school nurses, speech language pathologists, and school librarians, involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel.’’; 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas.’’; 
means modern information, computer and communication technology products, services, or 
tools, including, the Internet and other communications networks, computer devices and other computer and communications hardware, software applications, data systems, and other electronic content (including multimedia content) and data storage.’’; and 
term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘wellrounded education’ means courses, activities, and programming in subjects such as English, reading or language arts, writing, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, foreign languages, civics and government, economics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, career and technical education, health, physical education, and any other subject, as determined by the State or local educational agency, with the purpose of providing all students access to an enriched curriculum and educational experience.’’. 
of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Parts B, C, D, and E of this title do not apply to title VIII’’ and inserting ‘‘Parts B, C, D, E, and F of this title do not apply to title VII’’. 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
that provide technical fiscal support assistance, which shall include evaluating fiscal, administrative, and staffing functions, and any other key operational function.’’. 
year after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, a State’’ and inserting ‘‘A State’’; and 
title VII’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title VI’’; and 
Interior for the use of the amount transferred and the achievement measures to assess program effectiveness, including program objectives; and 
Secretary of Interior, in consultation with the Secretary, if the Secretary of the Interior requests the consultation, using a negotiated rulemaking process to develop regulations for implementation no later than the 20172018 academic year, shall define the standards, assessments, and accountability system consistent with section 1111, for the schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education on a national, regional, or tribal basis, as appropriate, taking into account the unique circumstances and needs of such schools and the students served by such schools. 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 8204 the following: 
enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, identify the number of Department fulltime equivalent employees who worked on or administered each education program or project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such date of enactment, and publish such information on the Department’s website; 
enactment, identify the number of fulltime equivalent employees who worked on or administered each program or project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such date of enactment, that has been eliminated or consolidated since such date of enactment; 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’. 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible’’ each place the term appears. 
section 8001 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
educational agencies, a consortium of eligible local educational service agencies, or an educational service agency on behalf of eligible local educational agencies may submit plans or applications for 1 or more covered programs to the State educational agency on a consolidated basis, if each eligible local educational agency impacted elects to participate in the joint application or elects to allow the educational service agency to apply on its behalf. 
For the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that is an eligible local educational agency under part B of title V.’’. 
by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended— 
striking ‘‘whether separately or pursuant to section 8305,’’; and 
tribe that receives funds under a program authorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act. 
‘‘(on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies)’’ and inserting ‘‘(on behalf of those agencies or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies in the State)’’; 
local educational agency in the State with notice and a reasonable opportunity to comment and provide input on the request, to the extent that the request impacts the local educational agency; 
Secretary, with a description of how the State addressed the comments and input; and 
comment to the public and local educational agencies in the manner in which the applying agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public.’’; and 
the public by the agency requesting the waiver in the manner in which that agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public.’’. 
written determination regarding the initial approval or disapproval of a waiver request not more than 120 days after the date on which such request is submitted. Initial disapproval of such request shall be based on the determination of the Secretary that— 
adequate evaluation to ensure review and continuous improvement of the plan. 
educational agency (through the State educational agency), school (through the local educational agency), or Indian tribe, as applicable, of such determination; and 
educational agency (through the State educational agency), school (through the local educational agency), or Indian tribe an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request by a date that is not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the resubmission under clause (ii) does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe, conduct a hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmission. 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local educational agency (through the State educational agency), school (through the local educational agency), or Indian tribe— 
shall not disapprove a waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver request.’’; 
part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘part C of title IV’’; and 
shall not require a State educational agency, local educational agency, school, or Indian tribe, as a condition of approval of a waiver request, to— 
specific academic standards, such as the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other standards common to a significant number of States; 
provisions of such waiver toward improving student academic achievement; and 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8401 the following: 
and resubmit its plan within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the State to present supporting information to clearly demonstrate that the State plan meets the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. 
whole or in part, of such section or part, as applicable; 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
other benefits provided under this section for private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children, teachers, and other educational personnel participating in the program and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
services are provided to private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel under this section, the State educational agency involved shall direct the ombudsman designated by the agency under section 1117 to monitor and enforce the requirements of this section.’’; and 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be obligated in the fiscal year for which the funds are received by the agency. 
by striking ‘‘To ensure’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such as’’ and inserting ‘‘To ensure timely and meaningful consultation, a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity shall consult with appropriate private school officials. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children, on issues such as’’; 
(II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if the appropriate private school officials have— 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as prescribed by the State educational agency.’’. 
amended by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘9503, and 9504’’ and inserting ‘‘8503, and 8504’’. 
may be appealed by an interested party to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the State educational agency resolves the complaint or fails to resolve the complaint within the 45day time limit. The appeal shall be accompanied by a copy of the State educational agency’s resolution, and, if there is one, a complete statement of the reasons supporting the appeal. The Secretary shall investigate and resolve the appeal not later than 90 days after receipt of the appeal.’’. 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, if such local educational agency has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the local agency) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and 
change in the organizational structure of the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘, such as a natural disaster’’. 
of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘title VIII’’ and inserting ‘‘title VII’’. 
8001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘on the Internet’’ and inserting ‘‘by electronic means, including by posting the guidance on the Department’s website in a clear and easily accessible manner’’. 
any school facility, except as authorized under this Act; 
funds authorized under this Act shall be used’’ and inserting ‘‘No funds under this Act may be used’’; and 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8526 the following: 
the Federal Government shall, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act. 
Federal Government, whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement to mandate, direct, review, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s instructional content, curriculum, and related activities; 
medically false or inaccurate materials or to prohibit the distribution of scientifically or medically true or accurate materials; or 
provision of Federal law, no State shall be required to have academic standards approved or certified by the Federal Government, in order to receive assistance under this Act. 
Act shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or program of instruction that a State, local educational agency, or school chooses, as permitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds. 
Act shall be construed to mandate national school building standards for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall provide military recruiters the same access to secondary school students as is provided to institutions of higher education or to prospective employers of those students. 
subsection, whenever a student has attained 18 years of age, the permission or consent required of and the rights accorded to the parents of the student shall only be required of and accorded to the student. 
section do not apply to a private secondary school that maintains a religious objection to service in the Armed Forces if the objection is verifiable through the corporate or other organizational documents or materials of that school.’’. 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
OR CERTIFICATION FOR TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS. 
PRINCIPALS, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS’’ after ‘‘ TEACHERS ’’; 
section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 8530 the following: 
or that has not been awarded funds, under one or more programs under this Act shall not be required to carry out any of the requirements of such program or programs, and nothing in this Act shall be construed to require a State to participate in any program under this Act.’’. 
title I or part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘grant 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native students, an affected local educational agency shall consult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes located in the area served by the local educational agency prior to the affected local educational agency’s submission of a required plan or application for a covered program under this Act or for a program under title VI of this Act. Such consultation shall be done in a manner and in such time that provides the opportunity for such appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations to meaningfully and substantively contribute to such plan. 
educational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency a written affirmation signed by the appropriate officials of the participating tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes that the consultation required by this section has occurred. If such officials do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the affected local educational agency shall forward documentation that such consultation has taken place to the State educational agency. 
The term ‘affected local educational agency’ means a local educational agency— 
or Alaska Native students that is not less than 50 percent of the total enrollment of the local educational agency; or 
the previous year under subpart 1 of part A of title VII (as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act) that exceeded $40,000; or 
2017, received a grant in the previous fiscal year under subpart 1 of part A of title VI that exceeded $40,000. 
under this section shall not interfere with the timely submission of the plans or applications required under this Act.’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
in outreach to rural local educational agencies regarding opportunities to apply for competitive 
do so, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or an educational service agency representing rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43 on applications or preapplications for any competitive grant program under this Act. No rural local educational agency or educational service agency shall be required to request technical assistance or include any technical assistance provided by the Secretary in any application.’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Act shall be construed to allow the Secretary to— 
school administration, including the development and expenditure of school budgets, unless otherwise authorized under this Act; 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
nothing in this Act shall authorize the Secretary to, or shall be construed to— 
from school on foot or by car, bus, or bike when the parents of the child have given permission; or 
for allowing their child to responsibly and safely travel to and from school by a means the parents believe is age appropriate. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
be construed to prohibit a State from withdrawing from the Common Core State Standards or from otherwise revising their standards. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
shared with individuals other than school officials in charge of educating those students without clear notice to parents. 
more research about student learning, the responsibility to protect students’ personally identifiable information is more important than ever. 
ensure every entity that receives funding under this Act holds any personally identifiable information in strict confidence. 
the Congress that the Secretary should review all regulations addressing issues of student privacy, including those under this Act, and ensure that students’ personally identifiable information is protected.’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
agency, or local educational agency in the case of a local educational agency that receives Federal funds under this Act shall have laws, regulations, or policies that prohibit any individual who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee, contractor, or agent in obtaining a new job, apart from the routine transmission of administrative and personnel files, if the individual or agency knows, or has probable cause 
to believe, that such school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law. 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any succeeding regulations; and 
the prosecutor or police with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct has investigated the allegations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law; 
has been charged with, and acquitted or otherwise exonerated of the alleged misconduct; or 
and there have been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the information was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regulation, or policy that provides, greater or additional protections to prohibit any individual who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘It is the Sense of Congress that State and 
local officials should be consulted and made aware of the requirements that accompany participation in activities authorized under this Act prior to a State or local educational agency’s request to participate in such activities.’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
and redesignated by section 8001 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
that each grantee receiving funds under this Act understands the importance of privacy protections for students and is aware of the responsibilities of the grantee under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’).’’. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title VIII, as amended 
the approval and periodic review of significant guidance documents that include— 
or office issuing the documents, the activities to which and the persons to whom the documents apply, and the date of issuance; 
significant guidance documents that were issued, revised, or withdrawn within the past year; and 
that an agency modify or rescind an existing significant guidance document. 
the Congress that States and local educational agencies retain the rights and responsibilities of determining educational curriculum, programs of instruction, and assessments for elementary and secondary education. 
‘‘It is the Sense of the Congress that a State 
retains the right to make decisions, free from Federal intrusion, concerning its system of early learning and child care, and whether or not to use funding under this Act to offer early childhood education programs. Such systems should continue to include robust choice for parents through a mixed delivery system of services so parents can determine the right early learning and child care option for their children. States, while protecting the rights of early learning and child care providers, retain the right to make decisions that shall include the age at which to set compulsory attendance in school, the content of a State’s early learning guidelines, and how to determine quality in programs. 
of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
that use experimental or quasiexperimental designs, where practicable and appropriate, and other rigorous methodologies that permit the strongest possible causal inferences; 
the programs and the administrative impact of the programs on schools and local educational agencies; and 
under this section related to programs authorized under this Act— 
accessible, usable, and adaptable for use in the improvement of educational practice; 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department, or in another relevant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utilization of such findings; and 
through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
‘‘(ii) related Federal early childhood education programs, preschool programs, elementary school programs, and secondary school programs, under any other Federal law; 
Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a biennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program.’’. 
State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘will review’’ and inserting ‘‘In any State where compulsory residency requirements or other requirements, in laws, regulations, practices, or policies, may act as a barrier to the identification of, or the enrollment, attendance, or success in school of, homeless children and youths, the State educational agency and local educational agencies in the State will review’’; 
State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’. 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or, if’’ and inserting ‘‘including, if’’; 
and personnel of, and their capacity to respond to, specific needs in the education of homeless children and youths.’’; 
(bb) by striking the period at the end of subclause (III) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(cc) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the progress the separate schools are 
making in helping all students meet the challenging State academic standards.’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the McKinneyVento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; 
Homeless Children and Youths established in each State shall— 
youths identified in the State, which shall be posted annually on the State educational agency’s website; 
homeless children and youths have in gaining access to public preschool programs and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
and youths and their families, including public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforcement agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care providers, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
guardians of homeless children and youths, and (in the case of unaccompanied youths) such 
youths, to ensure that each child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services provided by this subtitle.’’; 
receive a grant under this subtitle, the State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary a plan to provide for the education of homeless children and youths within the State. Such plan shall include the following: 
youths are (or will be) given the opportunity to meet the same challenging State academic standards as all students are expected to meet. 
educational agency will use to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
prompt resolution of disputes regarding the educational placement of homeless children and youths. 
that homeless children and youths who meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to participate in Federal, State, or local nutrition programs. 
preschool programs, administered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as provided to other children in the State; 
youths separated from public schools are identified and accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services, including by identifying and removing barriers that prevent youths described in this clause from receiving appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local, and school policies; and 
the relevant eligibility criteria do not face barriers to accessing academic and extracurricular activities, including magnet school, summer school, career and technical education, advanced placement, online learning, and charter school programs, if such programs are available at the State and local levels. 
respect to the education of homeless children and youths, including problems resulting from enrollment delays that are caused by— 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school records, 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that homeless children and youths are not stigmatized or segregated on the basis of their status as homeless. 
the area served by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or arranged by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living arrangements in the area served by the local educational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing the child’s or youth’s education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by another local educational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a method to apportion the responsibility and costs for providing the child or youth with transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local educational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for transportation shall be shared equally. 
agency serving each child or youth to be assisted under this subtitle shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
in the school of origin for the duration of homelessness— 
homeless between academic years or during an academic year; and 
if the child or youth becomes permanently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to attend. 
in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(ii) RELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The enrolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
by the school, including immunization or other required health records, academic records, birth certificates, guardianship records, and evaluations for special services or programs, regarding each homeless child or youth shall be maintained— 
in a timely fashion, when a child or youth enters a new school or school district; and 
of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
arises over eligibility, or school selection or enrollment in a school— 
enrolled in the school in which enrollment is sought, pending final resolution of the dispute, including all available appeals; ‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth shall be provided with a written explanation of any decisions related to school selection or enrollment made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State educational agency involved, including the rights of the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth to appeal such decisions; 
the liaison shall ensure that the youth is immediately enrolled in the school in which the youth seeks enrollment pending resolution of such dispute. 
child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treated as a student education record, and shall not be deemed to be directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
subtitle shall prohibit a local educational agency from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child or youth to submit contact information. 
means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled, including a preschool. 
or youth meets the eligibility criteria, such as services provided under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) or similar State or local programs, educational programs for children with disabilities, and educational programs for English learners. 
agency serving homeless children and youths that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate— 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
each State educational agency and local educational agency that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate with State and 
local housing agencies responsible for developing the comprehensive housing affordability strategy described in section 105 of the CranstonGonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) to minimize educational disruption for children and youths who become homeless. 
youths have access to, and are in reasonable proximity to, available education and related support services; and 
and service providers of the effects of shortterm stays in a shelter and other challenges associated with homelessness. 
to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with disabilities served by that local educational agency and other involved local educational agencies. 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youths are enrolled in, and have a full and equal opportunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
and youths have access to and receive educational services for which such families, children, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start programs (including Early Head Start programs) under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), early intervention services under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and other preschool programs administered by the local educational agency; 
and youths receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substance abuse services, housing services, and other appropriate services; 
children and youths are informed of the educational and related opportunities available to their children and are provided with meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
homeless children and youths is disseminated in locations frequented by parents or guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public libraries, and soup kitchens, in a manner and form understandable to the parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and unaccompanied youths; 
under this subtitle receive professional development and other support; and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as independent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and that the youths may obtain assistance from the local educational agency liaison to receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
shall be given to ensuring the identification, enrollment, and attendance of homeless children and youths who are not currently attending school.’’; and 
Section 723 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is 
under this section shall be for terms of not to exceed 3 years.’’; 
agency will collect and promptly provide data requested by the State Coordinator pursuant to 
by striking ‘‘preschool, elementary, and secondary schools’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education and other preschool programs, elementary schools, and secondary schools,’’; 
the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘practice’’; 
to which the applicant will promote meaningful’’ after ‘‘The’’; 
clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘The extent to which the applicant’s program meets such’’; and 
challenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the same challenging State academic standards as’’; 
(ii) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘, 
and other activities designed to increase the meaningful involvement of parents and guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of such children or youths’’; 
period at the end ‘‘and parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’; and 
period at the end ‘‘and participate fully in school activities’’. 
the next school year that begins after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, update and disseminate nationwide the public notice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
evaluation, dissemination, and technical assistance activities for programs designed to meet the educational needs of homeless elementary and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 726 to conduct such activities.’’; 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies, concerning areas in which documented barriers to a free appropriate public education persist.’’; 
implement the provisions related to homeless children and youths amended by that Act; and 
procedures that may present barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths, and the enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
educational agencies’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Student Succeeds Act’’. 
B of title VII of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.). 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is amended to read as follows: 
carry out this subtitle $85,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
otherwise provided in this Act, this title and the amendments made by this title take effect on October 1, 2016. 
that some schools and local educational agencies have failed to properly report allegations of sexual misconduct by employees, contractors, or agents. 
on allegations of sexual misconduct can facilitate the exposure of other students in other jurisdictions to sexual misconduct. 
educational agencies or schools and child predators should be prohibited; 
should not facilitate the transfer of child predators to other local educational agencies or schools; and 
agencies and schools to report any and all information regarding allegations of sexual misconduct to law enforcement and other appropriate authorities. 
It is the sense of Congress that a student, 
teacher, school administrator, or other school employee of an elementary school or secondary school retains the individual’s rights under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States during the school day or while on the grounds of an elementary school or secondary school. 
subgrant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) display, in a public place, the hotline contact information of the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Education so that any individual who observes, detects, or suspects improper use of taxpayer funds can easily report such improper use; 
assurance to the Secretary that any information submitted when applying for such grant and responding to monitoring and compliance reviews is truthful and accurate; and 
To improve monitoring and oversight of taxpayer funds authorized for appropriation under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse with respect to such funds, the Secretary of Education shall— 
Act (and, if applicable, require the grantee to inform each subgrantee) of its responsibility to— 
such issues before the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding occurs; 
Secretary to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse with respect to such taxpayer funds; and 
of the Department of Education, as needed, to help ensure that employees of the Department understand how to adequately monitor grantees and to help grantees adequately monitor any subgrantees. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the public through the website of the Department of Education, a report containing an update on the Department’s implementation of recommendations contained in reports from the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Education. 
Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘‘The Office of Innovation and Improvement’s Oversight and Monitoring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’’; and 
Texas, in 1878 to parents who were former slaves. 
and traveled throughout the United States, fighting White and AfricanAmerican heavyweights. 
grounds) the opportunity to fight 2 White champions, in 1908, Jack Johnson was granted an opportunity by an Australian promoter to fight the reigning White titleholder, Tommy Burns. 
become the first AfricanAmerican to hold the title of Heavyweight Champion of the World. 
Burns prompted a search for a White boxer who could beat Jack Johnson, a recruitment effort that was dubbed the search for the ‘‘great white hope’’. 
Jim Jeffries left retirement to fight Jack Johnson in Reno, Nevada. 
led to rioting, aggression against AfricanAmericans, and the raciallymotivated murder of AfricanAmericans throughout the United States. 
White women compounded the resentment felt toward him by many Whites. 
25, 1910 (commonly known as the ‘‘White Slave Traffic Act’’ or the ‘‘Mann Act’’) (18 U.S.C. 2421 et seq.), which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce ‘‘for the purpose of prostitution or debauchery, or for any other immoral purpose’’. 
marshals on October 18, 1912, for transporting the woman across State lines for an ‘‘immoral purpose’’ in violation of the Mann Act. 
Johnson were dropped when the woman refused to cooperate with Federal authorities, and then married Jack Johnson. 
violating the Mann Act and sentenced to 1 year and 1 day in Federal prison. 
Championship title to Jess Willard in Cuba in 1915. 
States in July 1920, surrendered to authorities, and served nearly a year in the Federal penitentiary in Leavenworth, Kansas. 
during World War II by encouraging citizens to buy war bonds and participating in exhibition boxing matches to promote the war bond cause. 
Congress, agreed to July 29, 2009, expressed the sense of the 111th Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon for his raciallymotivated 1913 conviction. 
of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon— 
the prosecutorial authority of the Federal Government from the annals of criminal justice in the United States; and 
Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891b) is amended to read as follows: 
section, the term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— 
agency desiring to participate in the educational flexibility program under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. Each such application shall demonstrate that the eligible State has adopted an educational flexibility plan for the State that includes— 
‘‘(II) State statutory or regulatory requirements relating to education; 
‘‘(ii) a detailed description of the State statutory and regulatory requirements relating to education that the State educational agency will waive; 
‘‘(iii) a description of clear educational objectives the State intends to meet under the educational flexibility plan, which may include innovative methods to leverage resources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
plan to ensure accountability for the activities and goals described in such plan; 
‘‘(aa) are clear and have the ability to be assessed; and 
local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools, and students, particularly those affected by waivers; 
regulatory requirements relating to education that will be waived; and 
and each statutory or regulatory requirement that will be waived; 
‘‘(ii) describe the purposes and overall expected results of waiving each such requirement, 
which may include innovative methods to leverage resources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
measurable, educational goals for each local educational agency, educational service agency, or school affected by the proposed waiver, and for the students served by the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school who are affected by the waiver; 
local educational agency, educational service agency, or school in reaching such goals; and 
shall not approve an application for a waiver under this paragraph unless— 
service agency, or school requesting such waiver has developed a local reform plan that— 
‘‘(II) may include innovative methods to leverage resources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
that the underlying purposes of the statutory requirements of each program for which a waiver is granted will continue to be met. 
‘‘(iii) student achievement in the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school has decreased; or 
agency participating in the educational flexibility program under this section shall annually monitor the activities of local educational agencies, educational service agencies, and schools receiving waivers under this section. 
agency shall submit to the Secretary an annual report on the results of such oversight and the impact of the waivers on school and student performance. 
years after the date a State is designated an Ed Flex Partnership State, each such State shall 
waivers on the implementation of State and local educational reforms pertaining to school and student performance; 
of the waivers to the performance of schools and students affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(IV) an assurance from State program managers that the data reported under this section are reliable, complete, and accurate, as defined by the State, or a description of a plan for improving the reliability, completeness, and accuracy of such data as defined by the State. 
‘‘(ii) submit to Congress a report that summarizes the State reports and describes the effects that the educational flexibility program under this section had on the implementation of State and local educational reforms and on the performance of students affected by the waivers. 
The Secretary shall automatically extend the authority of a State to continue as an EdFlex Partnership State until the Secretary has— 
request for renewal that was submitted by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(iii) EXTENSION OF APPROVAL .—The Secretary may extend the authority of a State to continue as an EdFlex Partnership State if the Secretary determines that the authority of the State educational agency to grant waivers— 
agency desiring to renew an approved educational flexibility program under this section shall submit a request for renewal to the Secretary not later than the date of expiration of the approved educational flexibility program. 
to extend a request of a State educational agency for the authority to issue waivers under this section, the Secretary shall review the progress of the State educational agency to determine if the State educational agency— 
whose authority to grant such waivers has been terminated shall have not more than 1 additional fiscal year to come into compliance in order to seek renewal of the authority to grant waivers under this section. 
State educational agency seeking waiver authority under this section and each local educational agency, educational service agency, or school seeking a waiver under this section— 
and efficient notice of the proposed waiver authority or waiver, consisting of a description of the agency’s application for the proposed waiver authority or waiver on each agency’s website, including a description of any improved student performance that is expected to result from the waiver authority or waiver; 
the application of the agency or school to the Secretary or the State educational agency, as appropriate. 
demonstrate that the underlying purposes of the statutory requirements of the program for which a waiver is granted continue to be met to the satisfaction of the Secretary. 
NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF STUDENTS WHO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall publish a report on— 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall work with the Department of Education’s technical assistance providers and dissemination networks to ensure that such report is widely disseminated— 
means, such as posting the report on the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or in another relevant place. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the educational impact of access to digital learning resources outside of the classroom. 
digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including the location and types of devices and technologies that students use for educational purposes; 
face in accessing digital learning resources outside of the classroom; 
who lack home Internet access face, including challenges related to— 
educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities, including partnerships of such entities, have developed effective means to address the barriers and challenges students face in accessing digital learning resources outside of the classroom. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or the Department of Education. 
Grants and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the percentage of children included in the determination of grants to local educational agencies (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such children (number 
weighting). Both weighting systems have five quintiles with a roughly equal number of children in each quintile. Whichever of these weighting systems results in the highest total weighted formula child count for a local educational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
also said the number weighting alternative is generally more favorable to large local educational agencies with much larger geographic boundaries and larger counts of eligible children than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but potentially higher percentages, of eligible children, because large local educational agencies have many more children in the higher weighted quintiles. 
are distributed among local educational agencies in each of the 12 locale types classified by the National Center on Education Statistics. 
produced by public and nonpublic entities examining the distribution of part A of title I funds under the four formulas; and 
amending or consolidating the formulas to better target part A of title I funds to the most economically disadvantaged communities and most economically disadvantaged eligible school attendance areas. 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study conducted under this section— 
Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
means, such as posting to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or the Department of Education. 
State, local, and nongovernmental resources to align and strengthen the delivery of existing programs; 
funding streams existing in the State’s mixed delivery system; and 
mixed delivery system of Federal, State, and local early childhood education programs; 
(iv) school readiness for children from lowincome and disadvantaged families, including during such children’s transition into elementary school; 
Start providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, private entities (including faith and communitybased entities), and local educational agencies, to improve coordination, program quality, and delivery of services; and 
mixed delivery system of early childhood education program providers. 
The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
program’’ means a Federal, State, local, or privatelyfunded early childhood education program that— 
on or after the date of enactment of this Act through funds that were not provided by a grant under this section. 
are delivered through a combination of programs, providers, and settings (such as Head Start, licensed family and centerbased child care programs, public schools, and community based organizations); and 
receives a grant under this section shall provide funds from nonFederal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of such grant. 
the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for duties under this section; 
Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.), including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act; 
of early learning and development, early childhood education, and child care, operating in the State (including programs operated by Indian tribes and tribal organizations and private entities, including faith and communitybased entities), as of the date of the application for the grant; 
collaboration with Centers of Excellence in Early Childhood, if appropriate, will provide technical assistance and disseminate best practices; 
work with the State Advisory Council and Head Start collaboration offices. 
programs in the State, including such programs serving the most vulnerable or underserved populations and children in rural areas; 
number of children being served in existing programs; and 
to, collaboration and coordination among existing programs in the State, including among State, local, and tribal (if applicable) agencies responsible for administering such programs; 
among Head Start providers, local educational agencies, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased entities) that would improve coordination, program quality, and delivery of services; 
the report required under section 13 of the Child 
parents and family members, including families of lowincome and disadvantaged children, in the development of their children and the transition of such children from an early childhood education program into an elementary school. 
under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and shall not be renewed. 
receives a grant under this subsection shall provide funds from nonFederal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of the grant. 
grant under this subsection may use grant funds to award subgrants to programs in a mixed delivery system across the State designed to benefit lowincome and disadvantaged children prior to entering kindergarten, to— 
of children and families eligible for, but not served by, such programs, if the State ensures that— 
(II) funds made available under this subparagraph will be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
more than 60 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award such subgrants; and 
(ii) for each of the second and third years of 
the renewal grant, use more than 75 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award such subgrants. 
providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased entities); and (ii) how these partnerships improve coordination and delivery of services; 
State used information from the report required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 to inform activities under this section, and how this information was useful in coordinating, and collaborating among, programs and funding sources; 
the initial grant led to the blending or braiding of other public and private funding; 
programs for children from birth to kindergarten entry was disseminated to parents and families, and how involvement by parents and family was improved; and 
provided information to share best practices regarding early childhood education programs and the coordination of such programs. 
through the use of subgrant funds, including, where appropriate, measurable areas of program improvement and better use of existing resources; and 
funds, including how to better serve the most vulnerable, underserved, and rural populations. 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or the Secretary of Education to establish any criterion for grants made under this section that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
quality of early childhood education programs and providers, school readiness, and achievement; and 
principal, other school leader, or staff evaluation system within a State, local educational agency, or early childhood education program. 
described in the preceding sentence as otherwise authorized under Federal, State, or local law. 
this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary of Education to have sole decision making or regulatory authority in carrying out the program authorized under this section. 
for a preschool development grant for development or expansion under such program as it existed on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such existing award. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out this section $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that administer Federal early childhood education programs, shall conduct an interdepartmental review of all early childhood education programs for children less than 6 years of age in order to— 
States using grant funds from preschool development grants under section 9212 have led to better utilization of resources; and 
Health and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that administer Federal early childhood education programs, shall— 
achieved by, and specific recommendations for, eliminating overlap and fragmentation among all Federal early childhood education programs; 
learning and care programs required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— 
striking ‘‘are highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘meet the applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including any requirements for certification obtained through alternative routes to certification, or, with regard to special education teachers, the qualifications 
Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) is amended— 
special education teacher (including participating in an alternate route to certification as a special educator, if such alternate route meets minimum requirements described in section 
‘‘(ii) has not had special education certification or licensure requirements waived on an emergency, temporary, or provisional basis; and 
qualified personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel who meet the applicable requirements described in this paragraph’’; and 
person to be highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘staff person to meet the applicable requirements described in this paragraph’’; 
COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69) is amended as follows: 
amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
lunches under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, data on children in families receiving assistance under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or data on children eligible to receive medical assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act, or through an alternate method that combines or extrapolates from those data.’’; and 
credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools; or 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4310 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(ii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘(as described in 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7517)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act’’. 
core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well 
rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
core academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘a well rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; and 
academic subjects (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘in order to provide a well rounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
GRANT ACT OF 1990.—The Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
amended by striking ‘‘an individual who is limited English proficient, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801) or section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832)’’ and inserting ‘‘an individual who is an English learner, as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, or who is limited English proficient, as defined in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832)’’. 
law, funds available under part B of title I of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, or under section 231 of the Library Services and Technology Act, may be used for the purchase or acquisition of technology protection measures that are necessary to meet the requirements of this title and the amendments made by this title.’’. 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
Education Organization Act (20 U.S.C. 3423c) is amended by striking ‘‘be responsible for administering this title’’ and inserting ‘‘be responsible for administering part A of title VI of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
by title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, for expenses of primary and secondary schooling for dependents of Federal Aviation Administration personnel stationed outside the continental United States at costs for any given area not in excess of those of the Department of Defense for the same area, when it is determined by the Secretary that the schools, if any, available in the locality are unable to provide adequately for the education of such dependents;’’. 
B of title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2000 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
amended by striking ‘‘part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 8801)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(20 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’; and 
school as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 owned and operated by one or more nonprofit corporations or associations no part of the net earnings of which inures, or may lawfully inure, to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual; and’’. 
the programs at the Clerc Center are making adequate yearly progress’’ and inserting ‘‘the results of the annual evaluation of the programs at the Clerc Center’’. 
2002.—The Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
school’, ‘secondary school’, ‘local educational agency’, and ‘State educational agency’ have the meanings given those terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘freely associated states’ means the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau.’’. 
Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7517).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(kk) FLOYD D. S PENCE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2001.—Section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (20 U.S.C. 7703a) is amended— 
The General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
amended by striking ‘‘section 9601 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8601 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
striking ‘‘title VIII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, but not including 
amended by striking ‘‘part C of title V of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) to the Secretary a general application’’ and inserting ‘‘part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965) to the Secretary a general application’’. 
(42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
agency, by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
such as entities carrying out Even Start programs under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.)’’. 
entities carrying out Even Start programs under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.)’’; and 
Start programs under subpart 3 of part B of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6381 et seq.),’’. 
6301 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement efforts under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
‘core academic subjects’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘core academic subjects’ means English, reading or language arts, mathematics, science, foreign languages, civics and government, economics, arts, history, and geography’’; 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
5210 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4310 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; 
reading instruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 1208 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act.’’; 
‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term ‘English learner’ in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
systemic, and objective procedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to reading development, reading instruction, and reading difficulties; and 
adequate to test the stated hypotheses and justify the general conclusions drawn; 
methods that provide valid data across evaluators and observers and across multiple measurements and observations; and 
journal or approved by a panel of independent experts through a comparably rigorous, objective, and scientific review.’’. 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6306 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and’’. 
Natives, as defined in section 7306 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’ and inserting ‘‘Alaska Natives, as defined in section 6306 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’; and 
Hawaiians, as defined in section 7207 of such Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Native Hawaiians, as defined in section 6207 of such Act’’. 
‘‘(ii) in the absence of such State licensure or 
certification, possesses national certification in school counseling or a specialty of counseling granted by an independent professional organization; or 
‘‘(iii) holds a minimum of a master’s degree in 
school counseling from a program accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs or the equivalent; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6306 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(rr) INDIAN SELFDETERMINATION AND EDUCATION ASSISTANCE ACT.—Section 209 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 458e) is amended by striking ‘‘assistance provided under title IX of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’ and inserting ‘‘assistance provided under title VI of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
(ss) INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES EDUCATION ACT.—The Individuals with Disabilities 
parts A and B of title III of that Act’’ and inserting ‘‘under part A of title III of that Act’’; and 
‘limited English proficient’ has the meaning given the term ‘English learner’ in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’. 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act)’’ after ‘‘1965’’. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended as follows: 
striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
The Museum and Library Services Act (20 U.S.C. 9161 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
striking ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as the term is defined in section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act’’ and inserting ‘‘represent Native Hawaiians (as the term is defined in section 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act)’’. 
Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12501 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
FORFISCAL YEAR2006.—Section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (20 U.S.C. 7703b) is amended— 
FORFISCAL YEAR2014.—Section 573 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) (10 U.S.C. 503 note; 127 Stat. 772) is amended— 
8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
(ggg) NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2002.—The National 
Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 116 Stat. 3034) is amended as follows: 
(iii) NATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGES ACT.—Section 103 of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2902) is amended— 
is amended by striking ‘‘elementary or secondary school (as such terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘elementary school or secondary school (as such terms are defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
striking ‘‘(as such terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as such terms are defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’. 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(qqq) SOCIAL SECURITY ACT.—The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. (vvv) TITLE23, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; 
or secondary school as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’ and inserting ‘‘elementary school or secondary school as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
(yyy) WORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT.—The Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’; and 
9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7517).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6207 of the Native Hawaiian Education Act.’’. 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 1177), to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report: 
Senate bill after the enacting clause and inserted a substitute text. 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the Senate bill and the House amendment. The differences between the Senate bill, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Student Succeeds Act’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
address Office of the Inspector General charter school reports. 
LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 5. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes this transition provision. 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act as such section was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act; and 
local educational agencies under the program first introduced in a letter to chief 
6. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a section for ‘‘Effective Dates’’ for the Act and amendments made by the Act. 
shall take effect beginning with the 2017–2018 academic year; and 
‘‘The table of contents for this Act is as 
PROJECTS TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPOR TUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN  
‘‘PARTC—C OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CONSOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND  
or certification for teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
8. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a separate section for ‘‘Authorization of Appropriations’’ for the Act. This provision covers all but the Indian Education, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native programs in Title V of the House amendment. The Senate includes separate ‘‘Authorization of Appropriations’’ language in each title. 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends the authorization of appropriations provision for Title I. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part C, $374,751,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities described in part D, $47,614,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
of carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section [8141], there are authorized to be appropriated $710,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
10. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a Sense of the Congress on state and local rights and responsibilities. 
have different title headings. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a subtitle heading. 
HR 12. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, amends the title heading for title I of ESEA. HR 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children the opportunity for a fair, equitable, and significant opportunity to receive a highquality education, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’ 
14. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, amends section 1002, to include flexible use of funds authority. See note 6 of Title 
VI. See note 9 of this document for Senate bill’s amendments to section 1002. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes section 1003 and redesignates section 1004 as 1003. 
SR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
educational agency, directly provide for these activities or arrange for their provision through other entities such as school support teams, educational service agencies, or nonprofit or forprofit external providers with expertise in using evidencebased strategies to improve student achievement, instruction, and schools; and 
funds by local educational agencies receiving an allotment under such paragraph; and 
agency shall award subgrants under this paragraph for a period of not more than 4 years, which may include a planning year. 
this section shall be construed as prohibiting a State from allocating subgrants under this section to a statewide school district, consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools identified for comprehensive support and improvement or implementing targeted support and improvement plans, if such entities are legally constituted or recognized as local educational agencies in the State. 
educational agency proposes to serve will receive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this subsection. 
to using funds under this section to enable the lowestperforming schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
other provision of this section, the amount of funds reserved by the State educational 
17. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, increases the state setaside from 4 percent to 7 percent. 
See note 16. 18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 19. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes a technical edit to refer to ‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A’’ to reflect structural changes to Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 20. The Senate bill replaces references to 
See note 16. 21. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 16. 22. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar changes to refer to nonprofit or forprofit organizations using evidence based strategies. 
See note 16. 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 26. The Senate bill adds ‘‘as determined by 
See note 16. 27. The Senate bill maintains subparagraph 
See note 16. 28. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, provides for a technical edit due to restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 29a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 30. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes ‘‘any fiscal year’’ to ‘‘fiscal year 2016 and each subsequent fiscal year’’. See note 16. 
31. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes technical changes to reflect restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
See note 16. 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 16. 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes technical edits to change references to section/subsection. 
See note 16. 34. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes language dealing with families below the poverty line. 
See note 16. 36. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes technical changes to reflect restructuring of Title I, Part A. 
SR 38. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes this provision on Direct Student Services. 
for outreach and communication to parents about available direct student services in the district and state; 
each award for administrative costs related to direct student services; and 
pay the costs associated with one or more of the following direct student services— 
costs for other lowachieving students served by the local educational agency. 
parents can exercise a meaningful choice of direct student services for their child’s education; 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct student service; 
the public schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice options; 
agency that receives an award under this section and intends to provide public school choice can provide a sufficient number of options to provide a meaningful choice for parents; 
and impartial selection and approval process, an updated list of Stateapproved high quality academic tutoring providers that— 
State, and local health, safety, and civil rights laws; and 
agency receiving an award will provide an adequate number of highquality academic tutoring options to ensure parents have a meaningful choice of services.’; 
monitoring the quality of services provided by direct student servicer providers; and 
39. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, has a subtitle heading. 
HR 40. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, amends the headings for title I, part A. 
HR 41. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, converts subtitles to chapters. 
strike and replace section 1111. The Senate bill also strikes and replaces sections 1112 through 1117. 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, omits the word ‘‘shall’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘(including organizations representing such individuals)’’ 
amendment, requires States to describe what evidencebased strategies the State will implement. 
SR 49. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes the section reference. 
peer review and secretarial approval. The House amendment includes similar language 
have different requirements for peer review appointments. See note 53. 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the community, including the business community, and researchers who are familiar with the implementation of academic standards, assessments, or accountability systems, and how to meet the needs of disadvantaged students, children with disabilities, English learners, the needs of lowperforming schools, and other educational needs of students; 
majority representation of individuals who have practical experience in the classroom, school administration, or State or local government, such as direct employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency within the preceding 2 years; and 
(iii) make available to the public, including by such means as posting to the Department’s website, the list of peer reviewers who have reviewed State plans under this section; 
comprised of varied individuals so that the same peer reviewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; and 
52. The Senate bill says a plan is deemed 
approved within 90 days unless the Secretary demonstrates the plan does not meet the requirements. See note 54. 
its submission unless the Secretary determines that such State plan does not meet the requirements of this section and has replied in writing providing the supporting information and rationale to substantiate such determination. 
amendment, include additional provisions related to purpose and nature of review, and appointments. 
54. The House amendment requires the Secretary to approve a plan within 120 days. See note 52. 
lay out different criteria and steps for Secretary disapproval. 
(vi) disapprove of the State plan only if the 
to assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns in writing to the State; and 
State plan if the State has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resubmit with technical assistance under clause (vii), and— 
that the Secretary determines does not meet the requirements of this section after a hearing conducted under clause (vii)(IV), if applicable. 
56. The House amendment includes limitations for the Secretary. The Senate bill contains a similar limitation within a more expansive set of limitations. See note 59. 
paragraph on state plan disapproval. See notes 54 through 56. 
paragraph on Secretary limitations. See notes 56, 61, 62, and 66. 
have different public review requirements. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘comments;’’ and insert ‘‘guidance, notes, and comments and the names of the peer reviewers (once the peer reviewers have completed their work);’’ 
61. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a prohibition on the Secretary. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and 
the Secretary’s staff,’’ and insert after ‘‘Secretary’’, ‘‘and political appointees of the Department’’, and to strike the second sentence. 
62. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a rule of construction regarding Secretary approval. See note 59. 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 65. The Senate bill and the House amendment include different requirements for additional information. 
HR 68. The House amendment requires the Secretary to withhold funds; the Senate bill permits the Secretary to withhold funds. 
HR 69. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State to post their State plan for at least 30 days for public review. 
have different subsection headings. SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘Challenging’’ before Academic Standards, and insert ‘‘Systems’’ after ‘‘Accountability’’ 
HR 72. The Senate bill requires an assurance of 
the adoption of challenging State academic standards; the House amendment requires demonstration State has adopted academic content standards and academic achievement standards. 
HR 73. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, says that States shall not be required to submit standards to the Secretary. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike language in both bills and insert the following: 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
SR 78. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to demonstrate how their standards are aligned with higher education, career and technical education, and relevant early learning guidelines. 
Act shall be construed to authorize State institutions of higher education to determine the specific challenging State academic standards required under this Act. 
both allow States to develop alternate academic achievement standards using a documented and validated standards setting process. 
HR 81. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the determination about the use of alternate academic achievement standards be made separately for each student. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, requires this information to be designated in the student’s individualized education program for each student. HR 
require alignment of the alternate academic achievement standards with other State standards, but the Senate bill specifies the alignment should be with content standards. 
require alternate academic achievement standards to promote access to the general curriculum, but the Senate bill requires that this be consistent with the purposes of the IDEA. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act’’ after ‘‘curriculum’’ 
use different language to describe the requirement for the standards to reflect the highest standards for the students. 
SR 85. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the alternate academic achievement standards be aligned in such a way to ensure that a student who meets the standard is on track for further education or employment. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘for further’’ and insert ‘‘to pursue postsecondary’’ and to add before the period ‘‘, consistent with the purposes of Title IV of Pub. L 113– 128’’ 
Conferees that alternate achievement standards be vertically aligned to ensure cross grade coherence and a building of skills, with proficiency against the standards resulting in a student’s readiness to access postsecondary education or employment.’’ 
amendment, prohibits any other alternate or modified achievement standards for children with disabilities. 
include different requirements related to English language proficiency standards. 
how the State educational agency will establish’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate that the State has adopted’’, to strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert the following: 
of English learners; and’’ and to redesignate clause (ii) as clause (iii)’’ 
amendment, clarifies that States do not have to submit their standards to the Secretary, and contain prohibitions on the Secretary’s authority over standards. 
HR 93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
have slightly different language with respect to measuring student achievement; the Senate bill, but not the House amendment, includes language on assessment administration to all public school students. 
HR 95. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes an additional requirement that information on the student’s performance at grade level be provided. 
provision. The House amendment includes some of this language in clause (iv). See note 98. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘be administered’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and replace with ‘‘be administered— (aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and (bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12’’ 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding administration of any other subjects chosen by the State. 
SR 101. The Senate bill and the House amendment include different provisions that require the assessments to include measures that assess higher order thinking skills and understanding. 
Senate bill, includes a provision requiring the assessments to measure proficiency and permitting the assessments to measure growth. 
accommodations for students with disabilities and the House amendment requires reasonable accommodations. 
amendment, includes a reference to assistive technology and IDEA. 
HR 106. The House amendment requires accommodations for English learners to be ‘‘reasonable,’’ while the Senate bill requires accommodations to be ‘‘appropriate.’’ 
include slightly different wording regarding the inclusion of English learners. 
have similar provisions with slightly different wording and different clause numbers. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, consistent with clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘reports’’ and strike ‘‘teachers, and’’ and insert ‘‘teachers, principals, and other’’ 
have similar provisions; the House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires disaggregation by status as a student with a parent who is an active duty member of the Armed Forces. The Senate bill includes this in note 178. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘ (VI) migrant status;’’ and insert the following: 
case of a local educational agency or a school, such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a subgroup is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual; 
disaggregation by status as a student in foster care. The Senate requires disaggregated reporting on academic assessments and graduation rates for foster students on the State report card. See note 178. 
SR 114. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Senate bill, includes a provision related to opt out and the 95 percent participation requirement. 
include a similar provision; the House amendment references the definition for ‘‘universal design for learning’’ in the Higher Education Act while the Senate bill includes a definition in the general provisions. 
subparagraph on disaggregation. The House amendment includes similar language in clause (xii). 2See note 114. 
for each subject, the total number of students assessed in such subject using the alternate assessments does not exceed 1 percent of the total number of all students in the State who are assessed in such subject; 
from completing the requirements for a regular high school diploma; 
(III) promotes, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the involvement and progress of students with the most significant cognitive disabilities in the general education curriculum; 
the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
general and special education teachers and other appropriate staff know how to administer the alternate assessments, and make appropriate use of accommodations for children with disabilities on all assessments required under this paragraph; 
on, and promotes the use of appropriate accommodations to increase the number of students with significant cognitive disabilities participating in academic instruction and assessments and increase the number of students with significant cognitive disabilities who are tested against challenging State academic achievement standards for the grade level in which a student is enrolled; and 
most significant cognitive disabilities who takes an alternate assessment based on alternate academic achievement standards from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular high school diploma. 
appropriate oversight, as determined by the State, of any local educational agency that must submit information to the State under subclause (II). 
shall be subject to the Secretary’s waiver authority under section [8XXX] of this Act. 
both include a requirement for alignment of the alternate assessment with the State standards. However, the Senate bill, but not the House amendment, clarifies the alternate assessment must be aligned with both the same content standards developed for all students and the alternate academic achievement standards developed for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
See note 119. 121. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, sets an upper limit for the number of children who can be assessed in each subject using the alternate assessment at one percent of the total number of students in the State who are assessed in that subject. 
See note 119. 122. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language related to establishing and monitoring guidelines for individualized education program teams to use when determining whether a child’s significant cognitive disability justifies using the alternate assessment. 
See note 119. 123. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that parents are involved in the decision to use the alternate assessment for their child, as required by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
See note 119. 124. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, include a requirement that parents are informed that their child’s academic achievement will be measured against alternate standards and whether participation in the alternate assessment will preclude the student from completing the requirements for a high school diploma. 
See note 119. 125. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes requirements on making progress in the general curriculum. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the students are included in the general curriculum. 
See note 119. 126. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a state plan description on ensuring access. 
See note 119. 127. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State to include a description of the steps the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning in the alternate assessment. 
See note 119. 128. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require that teachers and other appropriate staff know how to administer assessments and make appropriate use of accommodations. The Senate bill extends this requirement to all assessments, whereas the House amendment extends this requirement to the alternate assessment only. 
See note 119. 129. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both include a requirement to develop, disseminate information about, and promote the use of accommodation. The Senate bill and House amendment both specify these accommodations should increase the number of students tested against the State academic achievement standards. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, clarifies these standards should be for the grade in which the student is enrolled. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, specifies these accommodations should also promote participation in academic instruction and requires the State to describe in their State plan how appropriate accommodations will be provided. 
See note 119. 130. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have a similar requirement about students who are assessed using the alternate assessment not being precluded from attempting to complete a high school diploma, but the House amendment refers to a ‘‘secondary school diploma’’. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, clarifies that a State determines the specific requirements for a diploma. 
See note 119. 131. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a limitation on including the 1 percent of students tested against the alternate assessment in the State accountability system. 
See note 119. 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
plan to identify the languages that are ‘‘present to a significant extent’’ in the population, while the House amendment requires identification of languages that are ‘‘present’’. 
Senate bill, includes this provision on locally designed assessment systems. 
determine if such assessment meets or exceeds such technical criteria established by the state under clause (ii); 
(iv) PARENTAL NOTIFICATION .—A local educational agency shall notify parents— 
agency for approval to administer a locally selected assessment; and 
local educational agencies to select and use any nationallyrecognized high school assessment that is approved for selection after meeting the requirements of this paragraph. It is the intent of the Conferees that existing assessments already widely recognized as validly measuring student performance, such 
as ACT or SAT exams, may, subject to approval described in this subparagraph, be selected and used.’’ 
State retains the right to develop and administer computer adaptive assessments as the assessments described in this paragraph, as long as the computer adaptive assessments meet the requirements of this paragraph, except that— 
(II) such assessment— (aa) shall measure, at a minimum, each 
student’s academic proficiency against the State’s academic standards for the student’s grade level and growth toward such standards; and 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that adaptive assessments may use items above or below the student’s grade level, but, for purposes of determining and reporting overall proficiency in the accountability system, the adaptive assessment must measure academic proficiency within a student’s enrolled grade level academic standards.’’ 
amendment, contains a provision describing the applicability of computer adaptive assessments for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
(ii) students with the most significant cognitive disabilities and english learners.—In developing and administering computer adaptive assessments.— 
(bb) assess the student’s academic achievement in order to measure, in the subject being assessed, whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level. 
(bb) assess the student’s language proficiency in order to measure the student’s acquisition of English. 
amendment, includes this language on parent and guardian rights. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘part’’ 
Subject to Federal or State requirements related to assessments, evaluations, and accommodations, each State may, at the sole discretion of such State, set a target limit on the aggregate amount of time devoted to the administration of assessments for each grade, expressed as a percentage of annual instructional hours. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the ?Conferees’ intent that nothing in the language allowing a State to set a target limit on time spent on assessments shall ever be construed to mandate that a State set such a target limit. Setting a target limit will always be a choice the State makes. Additionally, the Conferees intend that the target limit set include assessments adopted pursuant to this subsection, other assessments required by the State, and assessments required districtwide by the local educational agency.’’ 
while the House amendment refers to ‘‘Systems’’ in the paragraph heading. 
the State determines are necessary to be included to carry out such requirements and how that number is statistically sound, which shall be the same Statedetermined number for all students and for each subgroup of students in the state; 
was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when determining such minimum number; and 
(iii) how the State ensures that such minimum number does not reveal any personally identifiable information; 
long term goals, which shall include measurements of interim progress toward meeting such goals— 
(BB) at the State’s discretion, the extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rate, except that the state shall set a more rigorous long term goal for such graduation rate; 
(II) for which the term set by the state in 
designing such goals is the same multiyear length of time for all students and for each subgroup of students in the state; and 
separately for each subgroup of students, except that the indicator described in clause 
schools that are not high schools, a measure of student growth, if determined appropriate by the state, or another valid and reliable statewide academic indicator that allows for meaningful differentiation in school performance; 
(II) all high schools in the state failing to 
graduate one third or more of their students; and 
(ii) at the discretion of the state, additional statewide categories of schools. 
(ii) includes evidencebased interventions; (iii) is based on a schoollevel needs assessment; 
may include a review of local educational agency and school level budgeting, to be addressed through implementation; 
monitored and periodically reviewed by the State educational agency. 
exited secondary school without a regular high school diploma; or 
(II) who, based on their grade or age, are 
significantly off track to accumulate sufficient academic credits to meet high school graduation requirements, as established by the State; and 
that has a total enrollment of less than 100 students, permit the local educational agency to forgo implementation of improvement activities required under this paragraph. 
(iii) TREATMENT .—Students who use the option to transfer to another public school shall be enrolled in classes and other activities in the public school to which the students transfer in the same manner as all other children at the public school. 
agency shall permit a child who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the child has completed the highest grade in that school. 
educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to pay for the provision of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
(ii) includes evidencebased interventions; (iii) is approved by the local educational 
(iv) is monitored, upon submission and implementation, by the local educational agency; and 
unsuccessful implementation of such plan after a number of years determined by the local educational agency. 
To ensure continued progress to improve student academic achievement and school success in the state, the State educational agency— 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employers and their employees. 
See note 143. 145. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language requiring States to establish accountability systems. 
See note 143. 146. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 143. 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to include graduation rates, an academic indicator for elementary and middle schools, and English proficiency in their accountability systems. 
See note 143. 148. The House amendment identifies the 
subgroups a State’s accountability system must identify. The subgroups are mostly identical to the ‘‘category of students’’ definition in the Senate bill, except that the Senate bill says ‘‘children with disabilities’’ and the House amendment says ‘‘students with disabilities’’. See note 145. 
See note 143. 149. The Senate bill permits States to 
measure student growth in their accountability systems. The House amendment includes a mention of student growth in the assessment paragraph of the House amendment. See note 102. 
See note 143. 150. The House amendment requires a system of school improvement for lowperforming public schools receiving Title I funds as part of states’ accountability systems. The Senate bill includes section 1114 regarding school identifications, interventions, and supports to improve lowperforming schools. See note 238. 
See note 143. 151. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, details the other indictor of school quality states must include in their 
See note 143. 152. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes requirements related to amount certain indicators must weigh in the Statedesigned accountability systems. 
See note 143. 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 143. 154. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires State accountability systems to include a clear and understandable explanation of school identification and differentiation. 
See note 143. 155. The Senate bill includes the requirement for states to assess 95 percent of their students within the accountability system. The House amendment included this provision within the assessment requirements of the House amendment. See note 115. 
See note 143. 156. The House amendment and the Senate 
bill contain different language related to prohibitions on the Secretary. 
with or outside the scope of this part; or 
State plan, or revisions or amendments to, the State plan, or approval of a waiver request submitted under section 8xxx, to— 
that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this part; 
(ii) require a State to add or delete one or 
more specific elements of the State’s academic standards; or 
(aa) the length of terms set by states in designing such goals; or 
(bb) the progress expected from any subgroups of students in meeting such goals; 
State accountability system under this section, including any requirement to measure student growth, if a State chooses to measure student growth, or the specific metrics used to measure such growth under this part; 
indicator used to identify or meaningfully differentiate schools, under this part; 
States to meaningfully differentiate or identify schools under this part; 
(VI) any specific school support and improvement strategies that State or local educational agencies establish and implement to 
intervene, support, and improve schools and student outcomes under this part; 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or local educational agency; or 
teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness or quality; or 
part beyond data derived from existing Federal, State, and local reporting requirements. 
the Conferees to allow the Secretary to issue regulations and guidance to clarify the intent and implement the law, Conferees intend to prohibit any such regulation that would create new requirements inconsistent with or outside the scope of the law, including regulations that would take from a State the authority to establish a Statewide Accountability System, thus undermining the intent of Congress that States establish and make decisions regarding the Statewide Accountability System required under this part. For example, the Secretary may issue regulations to implement or clarify the statutory requirement that the State meaningfully differentiate all public schools (such as requiring a statewide accountability system to indicate levels of school performance that are distinct and easy for parents to understand); however, in issuing such regulation, the Secretary may not, for example, require a State to meaningfully differentiate schools using an A–F grading system or other specific scoring rubric.’’ 
English learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Columbia for less than 12 months on either or both of the assessments 
(II) for the purposes of the Statedetermined accountability system— 
(aa) for the first year of the student’s enrollment in a school in the United States, exclude the results on these assessments; 
on the reading or language arts and mathematics assessments in the second year of the student’s enrollment; and 
language arts and mathematics assessments in the third year of the student’s enrollment. 
amendment, allows a State to exclude recently arrived English learners from one administration of the State’s reading or language arts assessment. 
See note 157. 159. The Senate bill allows the results of 
reading and math assessments of recently arrived English learners to be excluded from accountability determinations for one year, while the House amendment allows for two years in math and three years in reading. 
See note 157. 160. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows the results of former English learners to be included in the English learner category for 4 years. 
See note 157. 161. The Senate bill refers to accountability provisions under this ‘‘title’’ while the House amendment refers to accountability provisions under this ‘‘Act.’’ 
SR 162. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Senate bill, includes this provision on existing state law. 
SR 166. The Senate bill, but not the House 
enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffective, outoffield, and inexperienced teachers, and the measures the State educational agency will use to evaluate and publicly report the progress of the State educational agency with respect to such description; however, nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to develop or implement a teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system;. 
support local educational agencies receiving assistance under this part to improve school conditions for student learning, including through reducing— 
(iii) the use of aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that States describe how the unique needs of students are met, particularly those students in the middle grades and high schools. The Conferees intend that States will work with local educational agencies receiving assistance under this part to assist in identifying students who are atrisk of dropping out using indicators such as attendance and student engagement data, to ensure effective student transitions from middle to high school, including by aligning curriculum and student supports, and to assist in effective transitions from high school to postsecondary education through strategies such as partnerships between local educational agencies and institutions of higher education. Such strategies to improve transitions may include integration of rigorous 
academics, career and technical education, and workbased learning. In order to accomplish these priorities, the Conferees intend that States will provide professional development to teachers, principals, other school leaders, and other school personnel to ensure that the academic and developmental needs of middle and high school students are met.’’ 
will take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the educational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
such child’s school of origin, unless a determination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriateness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
(ii) when a determination is made that it is 
not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is immediately enrolled in a new school, even if the child is unable to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
provide support to local educational agencies in the identification, enrollment, attendance, and school stability of homeless children and youths; and 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that each State describes how it will support local educational agencies and schools by providing resources and guidance, professional development, and technical assistance to reduce techniques, strategies, interventions, and policies that compromise the health and safety of students, such as seclusion and restraint.’’ 
consultation with outside intermediary organizations, such as educational service agencies, or individuals, that have practical expertise in the development or use of [evidencebased] strategies and programs to improve teaching, learning, and schools; 
for paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, including qualifications that were in place on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; [and] 
in any subgroup of students that is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or that would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student; and 
section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
Prohibition on Aiding and Abetting Sexual Abuse, the phrase ‘‘has probable cause to believe’’ means that the person knows facts that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that a school employee, contractor, or agent has previously engaged in, or is currently engaging in, sexual misconduct.’’ 
amendment, includes this rule of construction related to cross tabulation of data. 
amendment, includes this paragraph regarding technical assistance related to cross tabulation of data. 
by a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency in order to— 
uniform format that is developed in consultation with parents and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
(bb) the criteria by which the State differentiates all schools; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that States and districts may also include students with a parent in the National Guard or Reserves as part of the group of students with a parent who is an active member of the Armed Forces.’’ 
at the State’s discretion, extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
(iv) Information on the number and percentage of English learners achieving English language proficiency; 
(aa) P2Q17T2, P2Q18T2; (bb) P2Q23T1; (cc) P2Q17T5, P2Q17T6, P2Q18T5, P2Q18T6; (dd) P2Q17T9, P2Q18T9 (ee) PTQ30T1, P2Q31T1, P2Q31T2, P2Q31T3; (ff) P2Q17T8, P2Q18T8; (gg) P2Q10T1; (hh) P1Q08T1; and (ii) P1Q27T1, P1Q23T1, and P1Q37T1. (II) With respect to such data collections 
teachers in the State, including information (that shall be presented in the aggregate and disaggregated by highpoverty compared to lowpoverty schools on the number and percentage of— 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed 
State, and local funds, including actual personnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
Educational Progress in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 for the State, compared to the national average. 
(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsecondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State; and 
State believes will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each of 
local educational agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card that includes information on such agency as a whole and each school served by the agency. 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable information, that do not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. Each such report card shall be consistent with the privacy protection under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974.’’ 
uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
(II) in any case in which a local educational agency does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
educational agency determines is appropriate and will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the annual State report card. 
See note 173. 175. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 173. 176. The Senate bill, includes a subclause 
See note 173. 177. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include different language on privacy. The Senate bill references FERPA and the House amendment contains a broad prohibition on the data. 
See note 173. 178. The House amendment and Senate bill 
have different required information provisions for the report cards. 
See note 173. 179. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 173. 181. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different wording for requiring annual local educational agency report cards. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, requires the LEA report card to include information for the LEA as a whole and individual report cards for each school served by the LEA. 
See note 173. 182. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar language on privacy. The Senate bill includes a reference to FERPA. 
See note 173. 183. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 173. 184. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 173. 185. The Senate bill and House amendment 
include similar provisions on public dissemination. See note 183. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and;’’ insert after ‘‘schools’’ the following: 
uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
of the local educational agency and on the website of each school served by the agency; and 
(II) in any case in which a local educational agency or school does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
amendment, includes this exception related to LEA report cards. 
HR 188. The Senate and bill and House amendment, include similar provisions on preexisting report cards. 
SR 189. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 190. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this annual state report to the Secretary. 
subject or field for which the teacher is certified or licensed. 
HR 193. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Senate bill, includes this subsection on privacy. The Senate includes these requirements in the State and local report card sections (see notes 178 and 182). 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘or disseminated’’ after collected. Strike ‘‘and’’ between collected and disseminated’’ and insert 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘,either directly or indirectly,’’ 
are structured differently, but both strike and replace section 1112. 
other programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and other Acts as appropriate. 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section [9305]. 
agency plan shall be filed according to a schedule established by the State educational agency. 
agency shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency determines that the local educational agency’s plan— 
agency plan shall be submitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015 and shall remain in effect for the duration of the agency’s participation under this part. 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, revise its plan. 
children receive a highquality education, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State academic standards and those who are not, each 
monitor students’ progress in meeting the challenging State academic standards by— 
rounded program of instruction to meet the academic needs of all students; 
that using funds to improve school conditions for student learning might also include reducing incidences of violence, drug and alcohol use and abuse, and chronic absenteeism (including both excused and unexcused absences). It is the Conferees further intent that States support local educational agencies to reduce these incidences at the school level.’’ 
to be conducted by such agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115 and, where appropriate, educational services outside such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected or delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
agency will support, coordinate, and integrate services provided under this part with early childhood education programs at the local educational agency or individual school level, including plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local elementary school programs; 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle grades to high school and from high school to postsecondary education including, if applicable, through coordination with institutions of higher education, employers, and other local partners and through increased student access to early college high school or dual or 
concurrent enrollment opportunities, or career counseling to identify student interests and skills; 
educational agency, how such agency will support programs that coordinate and integrate— 
provide students indepth interaction with industry professionals and, if appropriate, academic credit, and 
educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and that the local educational agency determines appropriate to provide, which may include how the local educational agency will— 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and improve academic achievement. 
that local educational agencies may choose to use Title I money for many innovative initiatives to provide students a wellrounded education, which may include supporting gifted and talented students, expanding access to Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate programs, or using funds to support efforts to expand and replicate successful practices from highperforming charter schools, magnet schools, and traditional public schools.’’ 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
of enactment of the [Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015, develop and implement clear written procedures governing how transportation to maintain children in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
costs incurred in providing transportation to maintain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agency will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
have identical consolidated application provisions, except the Senate bill references section 9305 and the House amendment references section 6305. 
See note 198. 200. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 201. The House amendment, but not the 
See note 198. 203. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 204. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 205. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 198. 206. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 207. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 208. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 198. 209. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different language on disparities in access to effective teachers. 
See note 198. 210. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have different requirements for how local educational agencies will implement the 
See note 198. 211. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar provisions related to operation of Title I programs. 
See note 198. 212. The House amendment includes this 
provision on migrant children. The Senate bill includes similar language as an assurance. See note 225. 
See note 198. 213. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 214. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language on family engagement with different section references. 
See note 198. 215. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 216. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 217. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have similar language about identifying students in targeted assistance schools. 
See note 198. 218. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this language on multitiered systems of support. 
See note 198. 219. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language on providing opportunities for homeless children and youths. 
See note 198. 220. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 198. 221. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes provisions on discipline, school climate, and expectant and parenting students. 
See note 198. 222. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 223. The House amendment, but not the 
See note 198. 224. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language on additional information related to gifted and talented students, school libraries, and wellrounded education. 
See note 198. 225. The Senate bill includes a provision on 
See note 198. 226. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 227. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 228. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 198. 229. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes this special rule relating to Head Start performance standards. 
on parents righttoknow. The House amendment includes similar language in Title II, section 2402. 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
provisional status through which State qualification or licensing criteria have been waived; and 
(III) is teaching in the field of discipline of 
and academic growth of the student, if applicable and available, on each of the State academic assessments required under this part; and 
assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or licensure requirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
taking the assessment, and the schedule for the assessment; and 
that when a local educational agency reports on the schedule of assessments that are required districtwide by such agency, such information will include both the time of day, if known by the local educational agency at the time of notification, and the date or dates within the school year the assessments will be administered.’’ 
See note 230. 232. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 230. See 233. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 230. 234. The Senate bill and House amendment 
using funds under this part or title III to provide a language instruction educational program as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learner identified for participation or participating in such a program, of— 
their child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction educational program; 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
program in which their child is, or will be, participating and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
is, or will be, participating will meet the educational strengths and needs of their child; 
their child learn English and meet ageappropriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
program, including the expected rate of transition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including 4year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extendedyear adjusted 
cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
(vii) in the case of a child with a disability, 
have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; 
to decline to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruction, if available; and 
various programs and methods of instruction, if more than 1 program or method is offered by the eligible entity. 
educational agency receiving funds under this part shall implement an effective means of outreach to parents of English learners to inform the parents regarding how the parents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assisting their children to attain English proficiency, achieve at high levels in core academic subjects, and meet the challenging State academic standards expected of all students, including holding, and sending notice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to recommendations from parents of students assisted under this part or title III. 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education program on the basis of a surname or language minority status. 
See note 234. 236. The Senate bill applies the language to 
See note 234. 237. The House amendment includes other 
See note 234. 238. The Senate bill includes a new section 
1114 dealing with school identification, interventions, and support. The House amendment repeals sections 1116 and 1117 dealing with school improvement, support, and recognition. 
SR 239. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes grants for school interventions and support. See note 35. 
SR 240. The Senate bill includes this rule of 
construction. The House amendment includes nearly identical language in a section 1405 in the general provisions of Title I. The Senate bill language applies to section 1114 
SR 241. The Senate bill strikes section 1119 and 
redesignates sections. The House amendment maintains and makes changes to subsections of section 1119 dealing with paraprofessionals. 
LC 243. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 246. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 248. The Senate bill, but not the House 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended to read as follows: 
of Palau, until Palau enters into an agreement for extension of United States educational assistance under the Compact of Free Association, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish, except that Public Law 95–134, permitting the consolidation of grants, shall not apply; and 
that assist all students with meeting challenging State academic content standards. 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
in accordance with this section, as in effect before the enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015’’. 
Senate bill, changes section references to reflect restructuring of the House amendment. 
See note 252. 254. The House amendment, but not the 
See note 252. 255. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes the requirement for consideration of recommendations from the Pacific Region Educational Laboratory. 
See note 252. 256. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 252. 257. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, strikes the administrative costs for the Pacific Region Educational Laboratory. 
See note 252. 258. The House amendment, but not the 
See note 252. 259. The Senate bill and House amendment 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available under this subsection for the current fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the total amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A. 
SR 262. 262. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the amounts to be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A. 
HR 264. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 265. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 266. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 269. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 270. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Senate bill, makes technical changes to section 1124 consistent with the restructuring of the House amendment. 
HR 278. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to strike the Senate language and insert the following: 
SR 280. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 285. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 287. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 288. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Senate bill, makes a technical edit throughout section 1127. 
1114, and 1115 of current law into section 1113. The House amendment amends section 1113 and maintains separate sections 1114 and 1115. 
SR 2. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes references to ‘‘part’’ to be consistent with structural changes in Title I in the House amendment. 
LC 3. The Senate bill restructures to make the 
LC 5. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a 50 percent concentration requirement for high schools. 
amendment, adds language creating a rule of construction for the new requirement in the Senate bill related to high schools. 
SR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘established under title XIX of the Social Security Act’’. 
amendment, adds a new provision to allow a LEA to use a feeder pattern to determine the number of students from lowincome families in high schools. 
HR with amendment to insert ‘‘after meeting the conditions in clause (iii)’’ after ‘‘which shall be’’ and insert a new clause (iii) to read as follows: 
(iii) MEASURE OF POVERTY .—The local educational agency shall have the option to use the measure of poverty described in clause (ii)(II) after conducting outreach to secondary schools within such agency regarding the ability to calculate poverty as described in such clause and after a majority of secondary schools in the local educational agency have approved such measure. 
SR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the reference from sections 1114 and 1115 to ‘‘this section’’ in subclause (II) to reflect the restructuring in the Senate bill. 
SR 14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the reference from subsections to paragraphs to reflect the restructuring in the Senate bill. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 16. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes the reference to ‘‘subpart 2’’ to reflect restructuring. 
SR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, restructures the reservation of funds. The House amendment makes no changes to this provision in current law. 
HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows this reservation of funds to be determined based on a needs assessment of homeless children and youth. 
amendment, includes this language on reserving funds for early childhood education. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires school districts to determine whether schools operate schoolwide or targeted assistance programs based on a needs assessment. 
SR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 26. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes references to ‘‘part’’ throughout. 
percent threshold. The Senate bill allows schools below the 40 percent threshold to operate schoolwide programs if the local educational agency allows it based on the needs assessment. 
all that follows through the end and insert ‘‘if the school receives a waiver from the State educational agency to do so, after taking into account how a schoolwide program will best serve the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors ’’ 
the needs of the students in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors. 
school operating a schoolwide program shall develop (or amend a plan for such a program that was in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act a comprehensive plan, in consultation with the local educational agency, to the extent feasible, tribes and tribal organizations present in the community, and other individuals as determined by the school, that— 
in consultation with the school that less time is needed to develop and implement the schoolwide program; or 
program on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act, in which case such school may continue to operate such program, but shall develop amendments to its existing plan during the first year of assistance after that date to reflect the provisions of this section; 
parents and other members of the community to be served and individuals who will carry out such plan, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals present in the school, and administrators (including administrators of programs described in other parts of this title), and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, technical assistance providers, school staff, and, if the plan relates to a secondary school, students; 
school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and its implementation shall be regularly monitored and revised as necessary based on student needs to ensure that all students are provided opportunities to meet the challenging State academic standards; 
agency, parents, and the public, and the information contained in such plan shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand; 
implementing to address school needs, including a description of how such strategies will— 
(II) use methods and instructional strategies that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and quality of learning time, and help provide an enriched and accelerated curriculum, which may include programs, activities, and courses necessary to provide a wellrounded education; and 
(III) address the needs of all children in the 
school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State 
health programs, specialized instructional support services, mentoring services, and other strategies to improve student’s skills outside the academic subject areas; 
(bb) preparation for and awareness of opportunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, which may include career and technical education programs and broadening secondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate, dual or concurrent enrollment or early college high schools; 
model to prevent and address problem behavior, and early intervening services, coordinated with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
activities for teachers, paraprofessionals, and other school personnel to improve instruction and use of data from academic assessments, and to recruit and retain effective teachers, particularly in highneed subjects; and 
(ee) strategies for assisting preschool children in the transition from early childhood education programs to local elementary school programs; and 
(ii) if programs are consolidated, the specific State educational agency and local educational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide program. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that all programs and schoolwide services and activities funded under this Act are coordinated with similar services and activities under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, especially when specifically authorized, such as with early intervening 
LC 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
both make a technical change with respect to English learners. The Senate bill and House amendment make different additional technical changes. 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
36. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes ‘‘maintenance of effort’’. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
eliminate a requirement for schools to devote sufficient resources to professional development. 
LC 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
operates a schoolwide program under this section may use funds made available under this [part] to establish or enhance preschool programs for children below the age of 6. 
a schoolwide program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or forprofit external providers with expertise in using evidencebased or other effective strategies to improve student achievement. 
reword the ‘‘In General’’ provision in different ways to reflect previous changes in the respective bills. 
and local educational agencies to meet their responsibility to provide for all their students served under this part the opportunity to meet the State’s challenging student academic achievement standards in subjects as determined by the State, each targeted assistance program under this section shall— 
under this part with the regular education program of the school; 
State academic standards, which may include programs, activities and courses necessary to provide a wellrounded education; 
(ii) using, methods and instructional strategies to strengthen the core academic program of the school, through activities which may include— 
and address behavior problems, and early intervening services, coordinated with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
regular education program, which may include services to assist preschool children in the transition from early childhood education programs such as Head Start, the literacy program under part B of title II, or Staterun preschool programs to elementary school programs; 
effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school personnel who work with participating children in programs under this section or in the regular education program with resources provided under this part, and, to the extent practicable, from other sources; 
involvement of parents of participating children in accordance with section [1116]; and 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this 
progress of participating children and revise the targeted assistance program under this section, if necessary, to provide additional assistance to enable such children to meet the challenging State academic standards. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that a targeted assistance school may use funds to implement positive behavioral interventions and supports.’’ 
amendment, moves the eligible children provisions after the program components provisions. 
SR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 49. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, rewords language related to selection of children from preschool through grade 2. 
HR 50. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘children who 
are English learners’’, while the House amendment refers to ‘‘English learners’’. 
strike references to Even Start and Early Reading First. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, adds the literacy program under part D of Title II. 
to strike ‘‘part D of title II’’ and insert ‘‘subpart 2 of part B of Title II’’ 
LC 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 60. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, strikes ‘‘engaged in a comprehensive needs assessment and’’. 
SR. 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 62. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘health care services and integrated student supports to address the physical, mental, and emotional wellbeing of children; and’’ . SR with an amendment to insert the following: ‘‘(iv) integrated student supports’’ 
eliminate a requirement for schools to devote sufficient resources to professional development. 
LC 67. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision on dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
69. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes this provision on delivery of services. 
SR 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that, in referencing ‘‘parent and family members’’, States and school districts do not have to take multiple and different steps to reach both parents and also family members. States and school districts can fulfill the requirements of this section through a combined and simultaneous effort to reach parents and family members.’’ 
3. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes a technical edit throughout. 
LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a change to reference ‘‘at least 1 percent’’ rather than ‘‘not less than 1 percent’’ and deletes the references to family literacy and parenting skills. 
HR 11. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, reduces the amount required to be distributed to schools from 95 percent to 85 percent. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 17. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the section reference to reflect previous changes. 
SR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 23. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’ and the House amendment refers to ‘‘State’s academic standards.’’ HR 
leaders’’ while the House amendment strikes ‘‘principals’’ and replaces with ‘‘school leaders.’’ 
make similar changes, but the House amendment also strikes ‘‘and public preschool and’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘programs, including public preschool programs,’’ after ‘‘local’’ 
SR 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 4. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’ after ‘‘officials’’. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, says provide such ‘‘service’’ instead of such ‘‘children’’. 
7. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds a reference to instructional services (including evaluations to determine students’ progress in their academic needs), counseling, and mentoring, oneonone tutoring. 
different references. The House amendment refers to this subpart, the Senate bill refers to section 1115. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds a requirement for an ombudsman to be appointed at the Statelevel to monitor and enforce the requirements of this subpart. 
the proportion of funds allocated to participating school attendance areas and the House amendment bases expenditures on participating public school children. 
HR 14. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill contains a new provision related to obligation of funds. 
SR with an amendment to strike clause (ii) Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees intent to ensure that the agency shall provide services to eligible students under this provision in a timely manner to ensure such services will be provided in the year in which the funds were received by such agency. If the agency does not provide equitable services in the year in which the funds were received, such funds should not be redistributed for general use because such services were not provided.’’ 
15. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill contains a new provision related providing notice of allocations. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘determine’’ through all of clause (ii) and insert ‘‘provide notice in a timely manner to the appropriate private school officials in the State of the allocation of funds for educational services and other benefits under this subpart that the local educational agencies have determined are available for eligible private school children.’’ 
SR 18. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives. 
HR 19. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, states a goal of reaching agreement between the local educational agency and the private school officials or representatives, and requires transmission to the ombudsman. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or representatives’’ and to strike ‘‘in order’’ through ‘‘private school children,’’ and insert ‘‘. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children,’’ 
make a similar change regarding how the proportion of funds is determined. 
HR 22. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes an itemization of costs. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the section reference to reflect previous changes. 
SR 24. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes ‘‘or representatives.’’ 
replace with ‘‘when, including the time of day, and where services will be provided;’’ 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘an analysis of’’ and ‘‘or representatives’’, and to strike ‘‘has chosen not to adopt the course of action requested by such officials’’ and insert ‘‘disagrees’’. 
30. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’. 
LC 31. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives.’’ 
HR 32. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘meaningful’’ before ‘‘consultation’’. 
SR 33. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes language providing a chance for the private school officials to indicate the consultation was not timely or equitable. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or representatives’’ and to insert after ‘‘indicate’’ ‘‘that such officials belief’’ 
34. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or representatives’’ in the last sentence. 
HR 35. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds language about attempts at consultation. 
SR 36. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, specifies the right to ‘‘file a complaint.’’ 
make similar additions regarding equitable treatment. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or did not make a decision that treats the . . .’’ The House amendment adds ‘‘or did not treat the . . . .’’ 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘and institutions, if —’’ and all that follows through the end and insert: 
(II) demonstrated that the local educational agency involved has not met the requirements of this section in accordance with the procedures for making such a request, as prescribed by the State educational agency; 
use different section references but have the same policy. 
LC 41. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes these references to reflect restructuring in the House amendment but have the same policy. LC 
amendment, amends part B of title I to include provisions on academic assessments. 
HR 2. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Secretary to award grants to States to pay the costs of developing, administering, or other activities related to State assessments. The House amendment includes language in the Local Academic Flexible Grant to allow states and local educational agencies to use funds under that program to develop, administer, and audit assessments. See notes 4 and 5. 
accommodations available to children who are English learners and children with disabilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, including professional development activities to improve the implementation of such accommodations in instructional practice. 
their continued alignment with the challenging State academic standards and to improve the alignment of curricula and instructional materials. 
to award competitive grants to SEAs for enhanced assessment instruments. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
See note 2. 4. The Senate bill authorizes the Secretary 
to award competitive grants to States to audit State and local assessment systems. The House amendment includes state and local audit authority in the Local Academic Flexible Grant. See notes 2 and 5. 
this section to a State for the first time— 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
to apply for a grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States in accordance with section 1201. 
year after a State receives an initial grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
agency receiving funds under this section conducts an audit of local assessments administered by the local educational agency and submits the results of such audit to the State; and 
each State shall provide local educational agencies with resources, such as guidelines and protocols, to assist in conducting and reporting audit results. 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used; and 
(ii) the legal authority for the administration of the assessment; 
presented in an accessible and understandable format for all stakeholders; 
(iv) the opportunities, resources, and training educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
educators, parents, and students, if appropriate, do and do not find useful; and 
audit, to improve and streamline the State assessment system, including activities such as— 
practices from local educational agencies or other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; and 
carry out efforts to streamline local assessment systems and implement a regular process of review and evaluation of assessment use in local educational agencies. 
to a State under this section, the State shall reserve not less than 20 percent of funds to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State, or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on demonstrated need in the agency’s or consortium’s application to improve assessment quality and use, and alignment. 
consortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such other information as determined by the State. The application shall include a description of the agency or consortium’s needs to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment. 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where appropriate; 
educators who may receive increased compensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support educators to develop classroom based assessments, interpret assessment data, and design instruction; 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable format for parents and families, including for children with disabilities or English learners; 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
local educational agencies. The House amendment includes language in the Local Academic Flexible Grant to allow local educational agencies to do similar activities. See notes 2 and 4. 
See note 4. 6. The Senate bill authorizes funding to 
States to administer State assessments. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
to allow States to develop innovative assessment systems. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
instructionally embedded assessments, interim assessments, cumulative yearend assessments, or performancebased assessments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through computer adaptive assessments; and 
EXPANSION .— During the first 3 years of the 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment systems; 
the progress report, the Secretary shall provide a response to the findings of the progress report, including a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
shall make the progress report under this subparagraph and the response described in clause (iii) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
stakeholders representing the interests of children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children, educators, including teachers, principals, and other school leaders, local educational agencies, parents, and civil rights organizations in the State; 
not making progress toward the State’s academic achievement standards so that educators can provide instructional support and targeted intervention to all students; 
assessment that is part of the innovative assessment system; 
educational agency and school staff to implement the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide or with additional local educational agencies in the State’s proposed period of demonstration authority and 2–year extension period, if applicable, including the timeline that explains the process for scaling to statewide implementation by either the end of the State’s proposed period of demonstration authority or the 2–year extension period; 
from educators and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of demonstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the innovative assessment system; and 
course of the State’s demonstration or 2– year extension period, except that such data shall not reveal any personally identifiable information, including a description of how— 
(II) by the end of the demonstration authority, the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole; 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
(ii) receive the instructional support needed to meet challenging State academic standards; 
agency has the technological infrastructure to implement the innovative assessment system; and 
local educational agencies participating in the program of demonstration authority accountable for meeting the State’s expectations for student achievement. 
will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
agencies within the State educational agency that will participate, including what criteria the State has for approving any additional local educational agencies to participate during the demonstration period; 
agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this subsection; and 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving highquality and consistent implementation across demographically diverse local educational agencies throughout the demonstration authority; and 
(ii) ensure that the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole by the end of the State’s period of demonstration authority. 
comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about the innovative assessment being proposed for all students, including— 
State regarding approval or disapproval of the application not later than 90 days after receipt of the complete application; 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
for local educational agencies and school staff to implement innovative assessment systems; 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strategies, to ensure interrater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery or proficiency across local educational agencies and the State. 
Title I, part C as subpart 2 of part A of title I. 
Senate bill, rewords the leadin and makes conforming edits. 
SR 2. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, amends the program purposes by stating that States should support high quality programs and services during and outside the school year that address the unique needs of migratory children. The Senate bill refers to supporting high quality and comprehensive programs that reduce disruptions as a result of repeated moves. 
include similar language ensuring migratory children reach the same academic standards, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘challenging’’ standards. 
HR 5a. The House amendment states that migratory children should graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education and the workforce, while the Senate bill does not. HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘to’’ at the 
contain similar language regarding overcoming barriers to migratory children’s success. The Senate bill states that such barriers should be overcome so that children can ‘‘without the need for postsecondary remediation.’’ 
use similar but not identical language for systemic reforms. 
are identical, though the provision is in a slightly different place given the House reservation. 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, maintains a base amount that each State will receive, based on fiscal year 2002. The House amendment modifies this ‘‘hold harmless’’ language. See note 11. 
SR 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, modifies the ‘‘hold harmless’’ language for distributing funds to the States to ensure that, for fiscal years 2016–2018, no State will receive less than 90 percent of the State’s allocation during the previous fiscal year. 
States that did not receive funds in fiscal year 2002 based on the amount they would have received in 2002 plus an additional amount. The House amendment allocates funding to States who did not receive funding in the previous year or that have been participating in the program for less than three consecutive previous years based on the most recent available data of the number of migratory children in the State. Note the House amendment provision is moved to match the Senate bill structure. 
SR 13. The House amendment modifies the formula by basing a State’s child count on the average number of identified eligible full time children, aged 3 through 21, residing in the state, based on data for the preceding 3 years and goes into effect for all State allocations. 
both set the minimum allocation amounts for Puerto Rico, including setting a minimum percentage that the average perpupil expenditure (PPE) in Puerto Rico is of the lowest average PPE of any State at 85 percent. 
include nearly identical language, except that the Senate bill refers to making funds available for direct services to add to the ‘‘academic’’ achievement of children, while the House amendment refers to ‘‘educational’’ achievement. 
HR 16. The Senate bill and the House amendment include similar language requiring the Secretary to determine the ‘‘identified number’’ of migratory children residing in each State. 
LC 17. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to use information that the Secretary finds is most accurate in order to determine the number of eligible migratory children. The House amendment requires the Secretary to use the most recent information available. 
SR 18. The Senate bill does not contain this 
SR 19. The Senate bill does not contain this 
SR 20. The Senate bill does not contain this 
SR 22. The Senate bill does not contain this 
SR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe how the unique needs of ‘outofschool’ migratory children are identified and addressed. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘and migratory children who have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’ 
LC 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to describe ‘‘measurable program objectives and outcomes’’. 
LC 29. Both the Senate bill and House amendment make changes to crossreferences to reflect different bill structures. 
and part C’’ and insert 1118, and part E’’ 
30. Both the Senate bill and House amendment require consultation with ‘‘parents of migratory children.’’ The Senate bill specifies that parent advisory councils are to be included in such consultation. 
HR 31. The Senate bill makes technical conforming edits to a crossreference. 
amendment, requires that programs and projects shall address the unmet needs of ‘outofschool’ migratory children. 
SR with an amendment to add ‘‘and migratory children who have dropped out of school’’ after ‘‘preschool migratory children’’ 
LC 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
for outreach activities for migratory children and their families to inform such children and families of other education, health, nutrition, and social services to help connect them to such services.’’ 
for migratory children and their families, including helping such children and families gain access to other education, health, nutrition, and social services. 
secondary school students to postsecondary education or employment without the need for [remediation]; and 
require family literacy programs to be ‘‘evidence Based’’. The House amendment requires family literacy programs to also of be ‘‘highquality’’. 
HR 36. The Senate bill requires programs to facilitate transitions without the ‘‘need for postsecondary remediation,’’ but the House amendment does not include ‘‘postsecondary’’. 
37. Both the Senate bill and House amendment change crossreferences. 
LC 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires recipients of funds to prioritize services for children who have made a qualifying move within the previous year. 
State academic standards.’’ The House amendment does not include ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires funds to prioritize services for children who have dropped out of school. 
HR 41. The House amendment changes an internal crossreference to reflect bill changes. 
LC 42. The Senate bill repeals the reference to 
SR 44. The Senate bill allows the Secretary, to 
the extent practicable, to review applications through a peer review process with the assistance and advice of State officials and those with relevant expertise. 
peer review process’’ and inserting at the end ‘‘with the assistance and advice of State officials and other officials with relevant expertise’’. 
45. The House amendment makes a technical conforming edit to a crossreference. 
State academic standards’’, and the House amendment does not use ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 47. Both the Senate bill and House amendment make technical edits to crossreferences. 
amendment, includes a special rule that requires schools that receive funds to continue to address the unidentified needs of migratory children, and to meet the unique needs of migratory children before using funds under this part for schoolwide programs. 
reference to reflect the structure change of the bill. 
to flow to ‘‘public and private entities’’, while the Senate bill refers to ‘‘public and private nonprofit entities.’’ 
to assist States in the electronic transfer of student records and determining the number of eligible migratory children. The House amendment requires the Secretary to assist States in ‘‘developing and maintaining’’ an effective system regarding records and determining the number of eligible children. 
to maintain a record system. The House amendment requires the Secretary to ensure the linkage of migratory student record systems among the States. 
SR 57. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the Secretary to ensure that the linkage of migratory student record systems occurs in a costeffective manner. 
SR 58. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, authorizes the Secretary to determine the minimum data elements that each State must collect and maintain. 
HR 59. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘such information’’ but the House amendment refers to ‘‘such minimum data elements’’. 
HR 60. The House amendment changes an internal crossreference to assessments. 
LC 61. The Senate bill removes ‘‘required’’. HR 62. The Senate bill requires that the Secretary maintain ‘‘ongoing consultation’’ with States, local educational agencies and migratory student service providers, on determining the effectiveness of, and to improve the system. The House amendment requires the Secretary to consult with States before updating data elements included in such system. 
HR 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to provide public notice and comment on any new proposed data elements that States will be required to collect. 
HR 64. The House amendment changes an internal crossreference. 
LC 65. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the Secretary to report to Congress regarding the maintenance and transfer of health and educational information for migratory children. 
HR 66. The House amendment changes an internal crossreference. 
LC 67. The Senate bill, but not the House 
Amendment, authorizes the Secretary to reserve up to $3,000,000 to award incentive grants to State educational agencies that propose a consortium agreement to improve delivery of services to migratory children. HR 
LC 69. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘migratory agricultural worker’’. The House amendment does not define this term. 
HR 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes modifications to the definition of ‘‘migratory child’’ to add references to a qualifying move and refer to the definitions of agricultural worker or migratory fisher. The House amendment refers to the manner in which the child has moved in this definition, while the Senate bill refers to these criteria in the definition of ‘‘qualifying move’’. See note 72. 
HR 71. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘migratory fisher’’. The House amendment does not define this term. 
HR 72. The Senate bill defines the term ‘‘qualifying move’’. The House amendment does not define this term but refers to similar instances in the definition of ‘‘migratory child.’’ See note 70. 
bill, redesignates Part D of Title I as subpart 3 of part A of Title I. 
HR 2. The Senate bill, not the House amendment, modifies the purpose to include improved education services for students in ‘‘tribal’’ institutions. 
State academic standards’’ and the House amendment removes ‘‘challenging’’. 
HR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the involvement of families and communities to prevent youth from dropping out of school. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, eliminates the limitation on the 
State would receive less than it received in the preceding fiscal year. 
LC 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies language related to assisting the transition of children and youth ‘‘between’’ correctional facilities and locally operated programs. 
HR 14. The Senate bill requires States to describe program objectives and outcomes that will be assessed to determine program effectiveness. The House amendment requires States to describe how they will assess the effectiveness of programs. 
HR 15. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision related to prioritizing a regular high school diploma. 
SR 16. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes this provision related to evaluation. 
LC 18. The Senate bill, but not the House 
and insert’’ timely and strike ‘‘higher education or career pathways’’ and insert ‘‘credit bearing coursework while in secondary school, postsecondary education, or career and technical education programming.’’ 
LC 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies this provision to add ‘‘and respond to’’. 
and improve’’ and insert ‘‘respond to the educational needs of the children, including by supplementing and improving’’ 
amendment, provides for the assessment when the student enters the correctional facility. 
LC 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision related to evaluation under section 9601. 
LC 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires States to include data showing the State agency has maintained the fiscal effort required of a local educational agency under section 9521. 
SR 27a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies the description to ensure transition plans are in place for incarcerated youth. 
the extent practicable, to ensure that transition plans are in place’’ and insert ‘‘in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the correctional facility and the local educational agency or alternative education program’’ 
LC 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies the provision to focus on transitions between facilities for neglected or delinquent children and locally operated programs. The House amendment focuses on transitions from facilities for neglected or delinquent children to locally operated programs. 
are similar, but the House amendment uses the term ‘’’regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR 31. The Senate bill requires certified or licensed teachers to work with children and youth with disabilities and other students with special needs. The House amendment requires effective teachers. 
HR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision related to identifying and improving practices for youth who have been in contact with the child welfare and juvenile justice systems and has a provision to implement strategies to reduce expulsions and suspensions. 
the extent feasible, note when a youth has come into contact with both the child welfare and juvenile justice systems and deliver evidencebased services and interventions designed to keep such youth in school. 
LC 34. Both the Senate bill and House amendment contain similar modifications relating to the transition of participants without the need for remediation and referring to career and technical education, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘without the need for remediation’’ after ‘‘make a successful transition.’’ 
35. Both the Senate bill and House amendment allow for the acquisition of equipment, but the bills are structured differently. 
LC 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains language allowing for pay for success initiatives. 
amendment, contains language allowing for targeted services for youth that have come into contact with welfare and juvenile justice systems. 
HR 38. The Senate bill includes the word ‘challenging’ as it relates to State academic standards. 
contain different crossreferences to fiscal requirements in Title I. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘1120A 
and part C’’ and insert ‘‘1118 and part E’’ 
contain different crossreferences to supplementnotsupplant requirements in Title I. 
HR 45. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to attaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma in the description, the Senate bill references a ‘‘high school diploma’’. 
SR 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘to the extent practicable, the development and implementation of transition plans’’ in the description. 
instructional support’’ before ‘‘services, and procedures’’ and to insert before the semicolon ‘‘and how relevant and appropriate academic records and plans regarding the continuation of educational services for such children or youth are shared jointly between the State agency operating the institution or program and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the local educational agency and the State agency; 
LC 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to transitioning children and youth ‘‘between’’ institutions and schools. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes institutions and schools operated by the Secretary of the Interior and schools funded by the BIE. 
HR 52. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘without the need for remediation’’ when describing the successful reentry of students. 
54. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, allows for projects to be conducted with private forprofit organizations. 
LC 56. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 57. The Senate bill allows the Secretary to 
reserve not more than 2.5 percent for technical assistance and capacity building. The House amendment allows for not more than 1 percent. 
HR 58. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes internal crossreference updates. 
amendment, includes ‘‘without the need for remediation’’ when referring to secondary school completion. 
SR 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes programs in schools operated by the BIE. 
LC 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows transitional and supportive programs to focus on nonacademic needs. 
SR 65. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 66. The House amendment changes internal 
LC 68. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes facilities operated by the Secretary of the Interior and tribes. 
HR 69. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a description of services that participating schools will provide youth returning from correctional facilities. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘to facilitate the successful transition’’ before ‘‘for children and youth returning’’. 
amendment, includes a description of activities that LEAs will carry out to successfully transition children and youth into schools served by LEAs or into CTE programs. 
HR 72. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 73. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes this provision related to working with probation officers. 
SR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision related to addressing the educational needs of children and youth returning from institutions for neglected and delinquent children or from correctional institutions. 
SR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description of the efforts of LEAs instead of participating schools. 
SR 76. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to ‘‘traditional’’ instead of ‘‘regular’’ public school program. 
SR 77. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a subsection header and update to an internal crossreference. LC 
78. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. HR 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision to allow for programs to serve atrisk Indian children and youth. 
HR 80. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision to allow for pay for success initiatives. 
81. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision related to contracts and grants for activities under this section. 
LC 83. The Senate bill refers to obtaining a 
high school diploma, and the House amendment refers to obtaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma. 
84. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes language related to seeking a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent. 
HR 87. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision related to developing transition plans. 
HR with an amendment to strike the Senate language and insert: 
the correctional facility, work with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local educational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth (if applicable) to ensure the that relevant and appropriate academic records and plans regarding the continuation of educational services for such child or youth are shared jointly between the correctional facility and local educational agency in order to facilitate the transition of such children and youth between the local educational agency and the correctional facility; and 
HR 89. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to obtaining a ‘‘regular’’ high school diploma. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘obtaining’’ and insert ‘‘attaining’’ in all places in the paragraph 
terminating funding based on dropout rates of male or female students over a 3year period. The House amendment refers to reducing or terminating funding based on students obtaining a regular high school diploma. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘obtaining’’ and insert ‘‘attaining’’ 
91. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, changes internal crossreferences. 
SR 92. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, modifies this provision to ensure graduation from high school in the standard number of years. HR with amendment to strike ‘‘standard’’ 
and insert ‘‘in the number of years established by the State under either the fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rate or the extended year adjusted cohort graduation rate, if applicable’’ 
amendment, modifies this provision to include schools funded by the BIE. 
LC 95. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes structural changes to this provision. 
HR 96. The Senate bill adds language concerning ‘‘other life conditions that make the individual at high risk for dependence or delinquency adjudication as it relates to at risk students’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘dependency adjudication, or delinquency adjudication’’ after ‘‘failure’’ and insert ‘‘or child welfare system’’ after ‘‘juvenile justice system’’ 
H of Title I while the House amendment redesignates part E as part B to reflect striking of parts B through D and F through H earlier in the amendment, redesignates sections accordingly, and makes amendments to those sections. 
HR 2. The Senate bill moves part I of Title I to 
HR/LC 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘other school leaders (including charter school leaders)’’ and ‘‘paraprofessionals’’ to the list of individuals that must be consulted before publishing regulations. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘representatives and members nominated by local and national stakeholder representatives’’ to the list of individuals that must be consulted before publishing regulations. 
HR 6. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar language requiring information from regional meetings and electronic exchanges to be made public to interested parties in an easily accessible manner. The House amendment also requires notice of regional meetings to be made public 
SR 7. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies for what topics under Title I a negotiated rulemaking process must be established. The House amendment includes all items related to Title I. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘standards, ’ and all that follows and insert the following: 
amendment, includes a provision describing that a negotiated rulemaking process is not subject to FACA and should follow the provisions of the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990. 
HR 9. The Senate bill, but not the House 
emergency situation. The House amendment does include a process for emergency regulations. See note 23. 
contain similar language describing how to designate emergency regulations. See note 24. 
contain similar language requiring the duration of the comment and review period in an emergency situation to be public. See note 25. 
SR 12. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes this provision requiring regional meetings before regulation publication in an emergency situation. See note 25. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘immediately thereafter’’ before ‘‘conduct’’. 
LC 14. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include similar language to provide for an alternative rulemaking process if there is failure to reach consensus, or if the Secretary determines a negotiated rulemaking process is unnecessary. 
HR 15. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar language requiring notice of proposed rulemaking to committees of jurisdiction. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, also requires notice of proposed rulemaking to other relevant congressional committees. 
are similar in requiring ‘‘a copy of the proposed regulations’’ (House amendment) or ‘‘regulation to be proposed (Senate bill). 
are similar in requiring a justification for regulations, but use different language. 
include virtually identical provisions on anticipated burden information, except the House amendment refers to ‘‘will have’’ and the Senate bill refers to ‘‘will impose’’. 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires information on the anticipated benefits of the regulation. 
HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language allowing the relevant congressional committees an opportunity to comment on the information in this paragraph. 
SR 21. The Senate bill requires a 15day comment period for Congress, and the House amendment requires a 30day period. 
comment period to make comments on the proposed rule; and 
22. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the Secretary to publish how all Congressional comments have been addressed. 
See note 21. 23. Both the Senate bill and House amendment require a 90day public comment and review period, unless an emergency occurs. 
The Senate bill includes similar procedures for emergency regulations. See notes 9–11. 
period for any proposed regulation shall be at least 60 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— 
contain similar language describing how to designate emergency regulations. See note 10. 
contain similar language requiring the duration of the comment and review period in an emergency situation to be public. See note 11. 
include similar language requiring an assessment of the proposed regulation before being made final. The House amendment requires this assessment be independent. 
HR/SR to strike 27. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include similar language to require the assessment include a representative sampling of LEAs impacted by the regulation. 
HR/SR to strike 28. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include similar language to assess the burden of the regulations. 
HR/SR to strike 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the assessment to address the benefits of the regulation. 
HR/SR to strike 31. The Senate bill and the House amendment include similar language on an explanation, but include different references. 
HR/SR to strike 32. The Senate bill and the House amendment include this language. See note 13 for redesignation of this subsection in the Senate bill. 
LC 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, states that nothing in section 1501 shall affect the Administrative Procedure Act or the Congressional Review Act. 
HR 34. Both the Senate bill and the House 
amendment change internal crossreferences, although they are different to reflect different bill structures. 
LC 35. The Senate bill and the House amendment make similar modifications relating to how regulations must conform to agreements from negotiated rulemaking, or to an alternative process when negotiated rulemaking is not pursued, except the bills are structured differently. 
SR 36. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision requiring States to identify any duplicative or contrasting requirements between State and federal rules or regulations. 
SR 37. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision relating to eliminating rules. 
38. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision relating to reporting conflicting requirements. HR 
are identical, but inconsistency in the Senate bill with how standards are referred to. The Senate bill always refers to ‘‘challenging State academic standards.’’ 
‘‘vocational’ educators’’ and the House amendment updates references to ’’career and technical’’ educators. 
SR 41. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes teachers from public charter and traditional public schools. 
schools, public charter schools (in a state with a charter school law), and career and technical educators; 
HR/SR with an amendment to ‘‘and paraprofessionals’’ after ‘‘personnel’’ 
SR 45. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, references ‘‘representatives of public charter school authorizers.’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, in a 
State that has a charter school law’’ after ‘‘authorizes’’ 
SR 47. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes public charter school leaders. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, in a 
State that has a charter school law’’ after ‘‘leaders’’ 
HR 49. The Senate bill and the House amendment redesignate this section, but the language in the Senate bill and House amendment are identical. 
of construction related to collective bargaining in Title I. The Senate bill does not contain this provision in this part of Title I. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
on calculating and determining the minimum numbers of students for each of the subgroups of students, but shall not recommend any specific minimum number for such subgroups. 
amendment, includes a report on the implementation of the educational stability for foster care children provisions in Title I. 
SR to strike. 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 54. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a report on student home access to digital learning resources. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the educational impact of access to digital learning resources outside of the classroom.— 
digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including the location and types of devices and technologies that students use for educational purposes; 
challenges such students face impacts the instructional practice of educators. and 
educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities, including through partnerships, have developed effective means to address the barriers and challenges students face in accessing digital learning resources outside of the classroom. 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study under this section— 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department of Education; and 
and conforming changes at end of Title II. LC 
amendment, moves provisions related to teacher liability protection to Title IX. 
HR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 5. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, moves provisions related to internet safety from Title II to Title IX. 
under this part’’ and insert ‘‘funds under this Act’’ and to move to Title IV, Part A 
6. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, repeals the Teacher Quality Partnerships program in the Higher Education Act. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, as determined by the State or local educational agency’’ after ‘‘effective teacher’’ and insert at the end the following: 
‘teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy’ means a public or other nonprofit entity, which may be an institution of higher education or an organization affiliated with an institution of higher education, that will prepare teachers, principals, or other school leaders to serve in highneeds schools, and that— 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
(ii) the number of effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate success in increasing student academic achievement that the academy will prepare; and 
(iii) a requirement that a teacher preparation academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with an institution of higher education) after the graduate demonstrates that the graduate is an effective teacher, as 
determined by the State, with a demonstrated record of increasing student academic achievement either as a student teacher or teacherofrecord on an alternative certificate, license, or credential; 
school leader preparation academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher education) after the graduate demonstrates a track record of success in improving student performance; and 
on the methods the academy will use to train prospective teacher or school leader candidates, including— 
course credits required as part of the program of study; 
(iv) restrictions related to the undergraduate coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have successfully passed all relevant Stateapproved content area examinations; or 
degree that the State may, after reviewing the academy’s results in producing effective teachers, or principals, or other school leaders respectively (as determined by the State) recognize as at least the equivalent of a master’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and promotion in the State. 
authorizer’ means an entity designated by the Governor of a State to recognize teacher or principal preparation academies within the State that— 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consortium of States); and 
such sums through 2021 for all programs authorized. The House amendment authorizes $2,788,356,000 for Title II (which includes Part A through D) from fiscal year 2016 through 2021 and moves this authorization line to the beginning of the whole bill. 
carrying out part A , there are authorized to be appropriated $2,295,830,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated $468,880,575 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, $469,168,000 for fiscal year 2019 and $489,168,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
percent reservation for Part A of the Title II total authorized amount which equals $2,349,830,000 for Part A each year through 2021. 
through 2021 for national activities. The House amendment includes a one percent set aside for national activities. 
HR 15. The Senate bill, but not the House 
through 2021’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘2017 through 2022’’ 
(BB) an amount that bears the same relationship to 65 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
(ii) in fiscal year 2018—— (AA) an amount that bears the same relationship to 30 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same relationship to 70 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
(iii) in fiscal year 2019—— (AA) an amount that bears the same relationship to 25 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same relationship to 75 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. (iv) in fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent 
(AA) an amount that bears the same relationship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
(BB) an amount that bears the same relationship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
LC 18. The Senate bill, not the House amendment, specifies how funds after FY 2022 are to be allotted. 
authorizes the Secretary to reallot amounts unawarded to states that do not apply. In addition, the House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes reallotment language for circumstances in which only a portion of a State’s award is allotted. 
have different structures for title II, Part A. Senate does uses of funds first and State plan second; House does opposite. 
each include 95 percent set aside for subgrants to local educational agencies and one percent for State planning and administration, although they use different language to do so. 
HR 23. The Senate bill includes an optional additional three percent State reservation for State activities for principals and other school leaders. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, if such 
24. The House amendment includes a requirement that the SEA fulfill its responsibilities with specified funds. 
similar except Senate bill allows institutions of higher education, State agencies of higher education, and forprofit and nonprofit entities to help carry out State activities. 
HR 26. Senate bill and House amendment include a number of different activities that states could use the funding for. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include an allowable use for teacher and school leader evaluations. 
school leader certification, recertification, licensing, or tenure systems or preparation program standards and approval processes to ensure that— 
have the instructional leadership skills to help teachers teach and to help students meet such challenging State academic standards; and 
(III) teacher certification or licensing requirements are aligned with such challenging State academic standards. 
(ii) Developing, improving, or providing assistance to local educational agencies to support the design and implementation of teacher, principal, and other school leader evaluation and support systems that are based in part on evidence of student academic achievement, which may include student growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools leaders, such as by— 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, mentors, and evaluators on how to accurately differentiate performance, provide useful and timely feedback, and use evaluation results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for 
teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or other areas where the State experiences a shortage of educators), principals, and other school leaders, for— 
higher education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
lead, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased professional development for their peers; and 
teacher leaders and school leaders who are recruited as part of instructional leadership teams. 
(vi) Fulfilling the State educational agency’s responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, including provision of technical assistance to local educational agencies. 
(vii) Developing, or assisting local educational agencies in developing— 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as instructional coaching and mentoring, including hybrid roles that allow instructional coaching and mentoring while remaining in the classroom, school leadership, and involvement with school improvement and support; 
pay, or other incentives, to recruit and retain teachers in highneed academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in lowincome schools and school districts, which may include performance based pay systems; and 
school leader induction and mentoring programs that are, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased and designed to— 
student learning and achievement, including through improving school leadership programs; and 
principals, and other school leaders to effectively integrate technology into curricula and instruction, which may include training to assist teachers in implementing blended learning projects as defined in section [4102]. 
(xi) Reforming or improving teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs such as through establishing teacher, principal, and other school leader residency programs; 
a teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation academy to be eligible for State financial aid to the same extent as participants in other Stateapproved teacher or principal preparation programs, including alternative certification, licensure, or credential programs; and 
or other school leaders who are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials to teach or work in the State while enrolled in a teacher, principal or other school leader preparation academy. 
(xv) Developing, or assisting local educational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, and other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifications needed to educate all students in postsecondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs. 
(xvi) Providing training for all school personnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to prevent and recognize child 
(xvii) Supporting opportunities for principals, other school leaders, teachers, paraprofessionals, early childhood education program directors, and other early childhood education program providers to participate in joint efforts to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness. 
(xviii) Developing and providing professional development for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including computer science. 
(xix) Supporting the professional development and improving the instructional strategies of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to integrate career and technical education content into academic instructional practices, which may include training on best practices to understand State and regional workforce needs and transitions to postsecondary education and the workforce; 
train teachers on the appropriate use of student data to ensure individual student privacy is protected as required under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’) (20 U.S.C. 123) and in accordance with State student privacy laws and local educational agency student privacy and technology use policies.’’ 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other participating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, except that nothing in this clause shall be construed to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certification requirements. 
(xxii) Supporting other activities identified by the State that are, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased and that meet the purpose of this title; 
SR on title. LC on placement. 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
this part are aligned with challenging State academic standards, including those standards under section 1111, 
using funds under this part are expected to improve student achievement. 
State educational agency will work with local educational agencies in the State to develop or implement state or local teacher or 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for principals and other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, public charter school leaders (in a state that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
this part with other related strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the State. 
school leaders (in a state that has a charter school law),’’ after ‘‘other school leaders,’’ and to strike ‘‘plan’’ and insert ‘‘application’’ 
timeline for state application deemed approval. The Senate bill includes a 90 day timeline for state application approval in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
HR 31. The House amendment includes disapproval paragraph. The Senate bill contains a disapproval paragraph in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
HR 32. The House amendment includes notification of state educational agency. The Senate bill includes a notification process in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
33. The House amendment includes a response timeline of 45 days. The Senate bill includes a similar response timeline in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
HR 34. The House amendment includes paragraph on failure to respond. The Senate bill includes a paragraph on failure to respond in Title IX for Title II applications, among others. 
cite different section numbers to reflect differences in respective bill structures. 
HR 40. The Senate bill includes a cap on direct 
SR 41. The Senate bill includes a rule of construction to allow schools with certain locale codes (rural locale codes) to combine their allocations. 
have different content requirements for local applications. See also note 46. 
agency’s systems of professional growth and improvement, such as induction for teachers, principals, and other school leaders and opportunities for building the capacity of teachers and opportunities to develop meaningful teacher leadership. 
principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals (including organizations representing such individuals), specialized instructional support personnel, public charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), parents, community partners, and other organizations or partners with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
44. The Senate bill includes a needs assessment analysis for eligibility for a subgrant. 
SR 46. The Senate bill includes separate paragraph for contents of application. The Senate bill and House amendment have different content requirements for local applications. See note 43 above. 
students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented students; and 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that is based in part on evidence of student achievement, which may include student growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools leaders; 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in highneed academic subject areas and specialty areas, which may include performancebased pay systems; 
and other school leader advancement and professional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths and pay differentiation; 
school leader induction and mentoring programs that are designed to— 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in highneed academic subject areas and specialty areas, which may include performancebased pay systems; 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders including midcareer professionals from other occupations, former military personnel, and recent graduates of institutions of higher education with a record of academic distinction who demonstrate potential to become effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
level, to the extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of additional effective teachers; 
(to the extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available), personalized professional development for teachers, instructional leadership teams, principals, and other school leaders, focused on improving teaching and student learning and achievement, including supporting efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to— 
curricula and instruction (including education about the harms of copyright piracy); 
(ii) use data to improve student achievement and understanding how to protect individual student privacy in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’) (20 U.S.C. 123) and State and local policies and laws in the use of such data; 
and community partners, and coordinate services between school and community; 
(iv) help all students develop the skills essential for learning readiness, and academic success; and 
that increase the ability of teachers to effectively teach children with disabilities, including children with significant cognitive disabilities, which may include the use of multitier systems of support and positive behavioral intervention and supports, and students who are English learners, so that such children with disabilities and students 
school leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning activities for school staff and educators in preschool programs that address the transition to elementary school; 
and capacitybuilding in local educational agencies to assist teachers and school leaders with selecting and implementing formative assessments, designing classroombased assessments, and using data from such assessments to improve instruction and student academic achievement, which may include providing additional time for teachers to review student data and respond, as appropriate; 
help educators understand when and how to refer students affected by trauma, and children with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that effectively link such children to appropriate treatment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appropriate; and 
based mental health programs and public or private mental health organizations; 
(iv) addressing issues related to school conditions for student learning, such as safety, peer interaction, drug and alcohol abuse, and chronic absenteeism. 
that references to safety and peer interaction within this title include instances of school violence, bullying, and harassment. 
(iii) dual or concurrent enrollment in secondary school and postsecondary education; 
development and instructional materials for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including computer science. 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that school districts’ examinations of working conditions for teachers, principals, and other school leaders should include evaluations of the supports for such individuals developed in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, other school 
personnel, parents, students, and the community. These supports may include the availability of highquality professional development, instructional materials, instructional leadership, opportunities for professional growth, timely availability of data on student academic achievement and growth, and a review of school safety and conditions for learning.’’ 
that local educational agencies will use funds in ways that best support teachers to help improve student achievement. Local educational agencies may use funds for activities such as improving the instructional skills of athletic administrators who are also teachers and supporting teachers to increase the entrepreneurial skills of students.’’ 
amendment, requires funds to be used for evidencebased programs and activities, and allows activities to be carried out with a for profit or nonprofit entity, in partnership with an IHE or Indian tribe or tribal organization. 
SR 51. The Senate bill includes periodic evaluations of programs and activities and a prohibition on the Secretary. 
each require annual reports of local educational agencies to State educational agencies and State educational agencies to the Secretary, but contents of report are different. The Senate bill requires reports be made public. 
grant funds received under this part to meet the purposes described in section 2101, and how such chosen activities improved teacher, principal and other school leader effectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
principal, and other school leader evaluation system consistent with [section 
both provide for technical assistance and national evaluations of programs but with different requirements under those headers. 
compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, principals, and other school leaders to evaluate the effectiveness, fairness, quality, consistency, and reliability of the systems. 
charter school that is a local educational agency, or a consortium of local educational agencies; 
State agency designated by the chief executive of a State to participate under this subpart; 
need school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that is located in an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the poverty line is 30 percent or more. 
The term ‘human capital management system’ means a system— 
makes and implements human capital decisions, such as decisions on preparation, recruitment, hiring, placement, retention, dismissal, compensation, professional development, tenure, and promotion; and 
based in part on measurable increases in student academic achievement; and 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders in hardtostaff schools or highneed subject areas; and 
of teachers, principals, and other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
and mastery of content knowledge and superior teaching and leadership skills. 
this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this subpart for a period of up to 2 years if the grantee demonstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is effectively utilizing funds. Such renewal may include allowing the grantee to scale up or replicate the successful program. 
compensation system or human capital management system that the eligible entity proposes to develop, implement, improve, or expand through the grant; 
gaps or insufficiencies in student access to effective teachers and school leaders in high need schools, including gaps or inequities in 
how effective teachers and school leaders are distributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing patterns, school environment, educator support systems, and other schoollevel factors; 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, and school leader, performance under the system that is based in part on measures of student academic achievement, including the baseline performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socioeconomic information as the Secretary may request; 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the local educational agency and the schools to be served under the grant and the extent to which the system will increase the effectiveness of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in such schools; 
will use grant funds under this subpart in each year of the grant, including a timeline for implementation of such activities; 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
other public or private funds that will be used to supplement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activities assisted under the grant at the end of the grant period; 
the eligible entity in developing and implementing such activities; and 
under this subpart will be evaluated, monitored, and publically reported. 
this subpart, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that concentrates the activities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, and other school leaders serving in highneed schools. 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this subpart, including the distribution of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as applicable, that— 
teacher, principal, and other school leader performance, based in part on demonstrated improvement in student academic achievement; and 
school leaders with ongoing, differentiated, targeted, and personalized support and feedback for improvement, including professional development opportunities designed to increase effectiveness. 
scheduling, and other schoollevel decisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school without compromising the intent or essential components of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and 
that meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering opportunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in highneed schools together. 
serve in highneed schools and raise student academic achievement in the schools. 
entity that receives a grant under this subpart shall provide, from nonFederal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or inkind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant. 
funds provided under this subpart shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this subpart. 
Congress an annual report on the implementation of the program carried out under this subpart, including— 
academic achievement and, as applicable, growth data from the schools participating in the programs supported under the grant. 
to Statedesignated early childhood education programs and local educational agencies and their public or private partners to implement evidencedbased programs that ensure highquality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
contextually explicit, and systematic instruction, and frequent practice, in reading and writing across content areas; 
quality print materials that reflect the reading and development levels, and interests, of children; 
use language with peers and adults in order to develop language skills, including developing vocabulary; 
motivation to read and write and children’s engagement in selfdirected learning; 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learning; and 
childhood education programs, which may include homebased literacy programs for preschool aged children, that have a demonstrated record of providing comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
in which not less than 50 percent of the enrolled students are children from lowincome families; or 
(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from lowincome families, which may be calculated using comparable data from the 
free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
receive medical assistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
serving a diversity of geographic areas, giving priority to entities serving greater numbers or percentages of disadvantaged children; and 
national activities including a national evaluation, technical assistance and training, data collection, and reporting; 
of the Interior to carry out a program described in this subpart at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
areas to carry out a program under this subpart. 
under this subpart shall be for a period of not more than 5 years total. Such grant may be renewed for an additional 2year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty line; or 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional practices to improve child literacy achievement. 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out highquality early literacy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
enhance the language and literacy development and school readiness of children, from birth through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through highquality professional development; 
subgrant will be coordinated with comprehensive literacy instruction at the kindergarten through grade 12 levels; 
evaluate the success of the activities assisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early language and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry; 
leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized instructional support personnel, and instructional leaders; 
and administer evidencebased early childhood education literacy initiatives; and 
early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and teachers in literacy development of children served under the subgrant. 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out highquality comprehensive literacy instruction in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. Such application shall include, for each school that the eligible entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the following information: 
[needs assessment] conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and improve comprehensive literacy instruction at the school. 
agency, or a provider of highquality professional development will provide ongoing highquality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and other instructional leaders served by the school. 
primarily during the regular school day but which may be augmented by afterschool and outofschool time instruction. 
childhood education program staff, principals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), special educators, school personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate) in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
a subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
comprehensive literacy instruction as part of a wellrounded education. 
plan evidencebased adolescent comprehensive literacy instruction to be delivered as part of a well rounded education. 
team to help implement, assess, and identify necessary changes to the literacy initiatives 
literacy staff, as appropriate, such as school librarians or specialized instructional support personnel) to meet to plan comprehensive literacy instruction. 
conducted under this section to State educational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
including on the websites of the Department and the Institute of Education Sciences; 
school library programs, which may include providing professional development for school librarians, books, and uptodate materials to highneed schools; 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
childhood literacy activities for the population targeted by the grant. 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this part. 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that coordinate or align their activities with the National Park Service National Centennial Parks initiative to develop innovative and comprehensive programs using the resources of the National Parks. 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
eligible to attend a seminar or institute offered by a Congressional Academy under this subsection if the student— 
(ii) will be a junior or senior in the academic year following attendance at the seminar or institute. 
is to promote new and existing evidence based strategies to encourage innovative American history, civics and government, and geography instruction, learning strategies, and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly such instruction, strategies, activities, and programs that benefit lowincome students and underserved populations. 
of student achievement in, and teaching of, American history, civics and government, or geography, in elementary and secondary schools; and 
the history and principles of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights. 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2–year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or for profit organization with demonstrated expertise in the development of evidencebased approaches with the potential to improve the quality of American history, civics and government, or geography learning and teaching. 
development activities that addresses literacy, numeracy, remedial, or other needs of local educational agencies and the students the agencies serve; 
other school leaders with professional development activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high school settings across a local educational agency. 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and cooperative agreements or by making the services or opportunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
other school leaders with evidencebased professional enhancement activities, which may include activities that lead to an advanced credential. 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such application shall include, at a minimum, a certification that the services provided by an eligible entity under the grant to a local educational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or parents. 
provides course materials or resources that are evidencebased in increasing academic achievement, graduation rates, or rates of postsecondary education matriculation; 
or completion, or of effectiveness in providing preparation and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
training programs designed to prepare and support principals and other school leaders in highneed schools, including through new or alternative pathways or school leader residency programs; 
or activities for recruiting, selecting, and developing aspiring or current principals and other school leaders to serve in highneed schools; 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
grant awarded under this section for 1 additional 2–year period. 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible entities that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
award more than 1 grant under this section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, and in such manner, as the Secretary may require. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity — 
an educational service agency, that serves a highneed school or a consortium of such agencies; 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
than 40 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
may be carried out directly or through grants or contracts, to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or developmental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or executive functioning; 
designed to meet the specific needs of such students; and 
such agencies to support the development of a Statewide STEM master teacher corps; or 
organizations in partnership with State educational agencies to support the implementation, replication, or expansion of effective science, technology, engineering and mathematics professional development programs in schools across the state through collaboration with school administrators, principals and STEM educators. 
purposes of this section, the term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a Stateled effort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teaching profession by recognizing, rewarding, attracting, and retaining outstanding science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teachers, particularly in highneed and rural schools, by— 
SR 56. The Senate bill authorizes a comprehensive center related to students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability as part of the technical assistance and national evaluation required set aside. 
which provides a national competitive grant program for programs of national significance using the 40 percent of funds reserved in note 55. 
national competitive grant program for principal and school leader recruitment and support using the 40 percent of funds reserved in note 55. 
See note 54. 59. The Senate bill includes supplement not 
supplant provision for Part A. The House amendment includes a supplement not supplant provision for all of Title II in section 2403. 2See note 69. 
for state definition, which is included in an identical way in the Senate bill in note 10. 
LC 61. The House amendment includes language to prohibit funding for local or state educational agencies who knowingly transfer employees who engaged in sexual misconduct with a student. The Senate bill includes language addressing employee transfers in Title IX. 
have different Part Bs. The Senate bill includes national competitive grant program to develop and improve performancebased compensation systems or human capital management systems. The House amendment includes a formula grant program to SEAs, which is then subgranted competitively to LEAs and other entities, regarding innovative practices for teachers and school leaders. 
See note 54. 63. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, authorizes a Teacher and School Leader Flexible Grant. 
See note 54. 65. The Senate bill part C includes programs for American History and Civics Education, Teaching of Traditional American History, Presidential and Congressional Academies for American History and Civics, and a national competitive grant program for innovative approaches to American History, Civics, Government and Geography instruction. 
Part C that are similar to edits provided for in section 2001 of Senate bill Title II. House amendment strikes sections 2361 and 2368. Changes ‘‘principal’’ to ‘‘school leader’’. 
have a different Part D. The Senate bill Part D authorizes a comprehensive literacy program. The House amendment Part D is general provisions for Title II. See note 69. 
See note 54. 68. The Senate bill includes Part E authorizing a grant program for STEM education and a report on cybersecurity education. 
SR 69. The Senate bill includes general provisions in Part F. House amendment includes general provisions in Part D. The general provisions are not the same. 
LC 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 71. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, has a provision about the inclusion of charter schools. 
HR 72. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes parents right to know in Title II. 
HR 73. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a supplement, not supplant for the entire Title II. SR 
III and the House amendment moves the program to subpart 4 of Title I. 
HR 2. Senate bill and House Amendment identical in these changes except for different locations in bill. 
through 2021. The House amendment authorizes a 4.6 percent setaside of the Title 1 authorization, which equals $747,277,000 each year through 2019. See note 13. 
sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$756,332,450 for fiscal year 2017, $769,568,267 for fiscal year 2018, $784,959,633 for fiscal year 2019, $884,959,633 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
‘‘to assist teachers, including preschool teachers, principals, and other school leaders’’ 
HR 10. The Senate bill includes families in two 
places as participants in language instruction educational programs. The House amendment does not. 
HR 11. Senate bill adds a purpose of the program to provide incentives to improve the instruction and achievement of English learners. The House amendment has no such provision. 
HR 13. The House amendment provides for a 4.6 
percent reservation of Title I authorized amount to fund grants and subgrants for English language acquisition. See note 3 
sections to reflect its transfer of the program to Title I. 
of’’ when referring to the activities for which a State may use reserved funds. 
HR 16. The Senate bill allows States to use 
funds to implement standardized statewide entrance and exit procedures. The House contains no such provision. 
based’’ and insert ‘‘effective’’ 18. The Senate uses ‘‘effective’’ when referencing activities in clause (ii) while House uses ‘‘evidencebased’’. 
HR 20a. The Senate bill adds that funding can 
SR 21. The Senate bill adds ‘‘in programs that 
23. Senate bill adds ‘‘direct’’ before administrative expenses. See note 61. 
HR 24. The House amendment reduces the administrative expenses cap to 40 percent, while the Senate bill maintains current law at 60 percent. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘40 percent’’ and insert ‘‘50 percent’’ 
LC 28. The Senate bill allows the Secretary to 
have different section numbers and titles to reflect different bill structures. 
plans to describe how the agency will establish and implement standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘consecutive’’ before ‘‘years’’ 
the House amendment uses ‘‘evidencebased’’ to refer to language instruction curriculum. 
HR 46. The Senate bill requires the agency to 
describe how it will assist eligible entities in meeting timelines and goals for progress and references the accountability structure in Title I for English language proficiency (which replaces the annual measurable achievement objective system in current law), as well as the challenging academic standards. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
how the agency will assist eligible entities in decreasing the number of English learners who have not reached proficiency in 5 years. The House amendment refers to English language acquisition generally. 
ensure that the needs of immigrant children and youth are being addressed. The House amendment does not include this provision. HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘ensure 
that’’ and all that follows and insert ‘‘meet the unique needs of children and youth in the state being served through the reservation of funds under section 3114’’ 
monitor and evaluate eligible entities’ progress in meeting timelines and goals for English proficiency and requires the State to describe the steps it will take to assist eligible entities if strategies are not effective. The House amendment includes no such provision. 
the progress of each eligible entity receiving funds under this subpart in helping English learners achieve English proficiency and the steps the State will take to further assist eligible entities if such strategies funded under this part are not effective, such as providing technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’; 
fiscal year’’ to refer to the percentage or number of immigrant children and youth enrolled in public and nonpublic schools. 
House amendment uses ‘‘evidencebased’’ to describe approaches and methodologies for teaching English learners. 
after early childhood education and the House amendment has ‘‘programs of’’ before ‘‘early childhood education.’’ 
based’’ to describe activities to expand or enhance language instruction educational programs. 
HR 61. The Senate bill includes ‘‘direct’’ to describe administrative expenses. See note 23. 
‘‘based on highquality research’’ where the House amendment uses ‘‘highquality, evidencebased’’ to describe language instruction educational programs. 
based on highquality research demonstrating’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate’’ 63. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
the House amendment uses ‘‘highquality, evidencebased’’ to describe professional development. 
HR 66. The House amendment requires subgrantees to provide and implement other activities, including parental and community engagement, while the Senate bill only references parent, family and community engagement. 
68. The Senate bill authorizes eligible entities to provide to English learners bilingual paraprofessionals, which may include interpreters and translators. The House amendment does not include such a provision. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘including’’ and insert ‘‘which may include’’ 
dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs designed to help English learners achieve success in postsecondary education.’’ 
switch the placement if ‘‘immigrant children and youth’’ and ‘‘in the local educational agency.’’ 
instruction and ‘‘challenging’’ before State academic standards and a reference to section 1111. 
HR 80. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that the selection of a method of instruction is consistent with requirements on instructional programs under sections 3124 and 3126.. 
based’’ where the Senate bill uses ‘‘high quality’’ to describe programs and activities to be developed. 
based’’ and insert ‘‘effective’’ and insert ‘‘, including language instruction educational programs,’’ after ‘‘activities’’ 
entities describe how they will ensure elementary and secondary schools assist English learners in meeting annual timelines and goals for progress and the challenging academic standards described in Title I. The House amendment requires a description of how the eligible entity will hold schools accountable for annually assessing the English proficiency of English learners. 
that the eligible entity ‘‘complies with’’ State laws, while the House amendment requires the eligible entity ‘‘is not in violation’’ with any State law. 
LC 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that the eligible entity has based its plan on high 
that the eligible entity will, if applicable, coordinate activities and share relevant data with early childhood education providers. The House amendment contains no such provision. 
the number and percentage of English learners who meet the annual Statedetermined goals for progress established under section 1111. The House amendment requires reporting on progress made in learning English and meeting state standards. 
amendment, requires disaggregation by long term English learners and English learners with disability. 
See note 96. 98. The Senate bill and House amendment 
HR 101. The Senate bill makes includes ‘‘challenging’’ before State academic standards. 
years after the child stops receiving services, while the House amendment requires reporting for two years. 
HR 103. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, disaggregates data by longterm English learners and English learners with a disability. 
the report is used to determine the effectiveness of programs in assisting English learners, and to decide how to improve programs. 
HR 107. The Senate bill includes a special rule 
stating that specially qualified agencies shall provide such report to the Secretary. The House amendment includes no such provision. 
LC 109. The House amendment makes this report annual, while the Senate bill requires the report every second year. 
contain the findings of the evaluation related to English learners under section 9601. The House amendment includes no such provision. 
Secretary to report to Congress on parallel Federal programs. The Senate bill includes no such provision. 
HR 125. The Senate bill allows grants to be 
made for ‘‘capacity building, or evidence based activities,’’ in addition to professional development. 
SR 126. The Senate bill includes ‘‘inservice’’. HR 127. The Senate bill uses ‘‘effective’’ where 
the House amendment uses ‘‘evidencebased’’ to describe professional development programs. 
House uses ‘‘evidencebased’’ to describe practices in the instruction of English learners. 
HR 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows grants to be awarded for financial assistance and costs to meet certification or licensing requirements for teachers of English learners. 
HR 133. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows grants to be awarded to support school readiness and transitions from early childhood education programs for English learners. 
HR 134. The House amendment adds ‘‘in consortia’’ in the definition of eligible entity. 
SR 135. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition for English Learner with a Disability. 
of Native American and Native American language, Native Hawaiian or Native American Pacific Islander native language educational organization, specially qualified agency, and tribally sanctioned educational authority. The House strikes such definitions. 
HR 137. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 138. The Senate bill makes a technical edit 
LC 140. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Clearinghouse to collect and disseminate information on the education of and best practices on instructing and serving English learners with a disability. 
Senate bill, includes rule of construction that nothing shall authorize the Secretary to hire new personnel. 
SR 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes a survey to be conducted by the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences and the Secretary of Education on the accuracy of the American Community Survey language items in identifying English learners. 
Safe and DrugFree Schools and Communities grant program with the Safe and Healthy Students grant program. The House 
amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
HR/SR with amendment to strike and insert new Title IV language to read as follows: 
8537 and moving that section so as to follow section 8536;] 
4303, and 4304, as sections 8571, 8572, 8573, and 8574, respectively. 
Part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is 
The purpose of this part is to improve students’ academic achievement by increasing the capacity of States, local educational agencies, schools, and local communities to— 
to improve the academic achievement, academic growth, and digital literacy of all students— 
learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technologybased and facetoface instructional approaches— 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience and encompasses a wide spectrum of tools and practices, including— 
learning content (which may include openly licensed content), software, or simulations, that engage students in academic content; 
rich collaboration and communication, which may include student collaboration with content experts and peers; 
intervention, rehabilitation referral, recovery support services, or education related to the illegal use of drugs, such as raising awareness about, to the extent a state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, the evidencebased consequences of drug use; and 
of school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harassment and abuse, and victimization associated with prejudice and intolerance, on school premises, going to and from school, and at school sponsored activities, through the creation and maintenance of a school environment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
health services provider’ includes a Statelicensed or Statecertified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health professional qualified under State law to provide mental health services to children and adolescents. 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
term ‘STEMfocused specialty school’ means a school, or dedicated program within a school, that engages students in rigorous, relevant, and integrated learning experiences focused on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, which include authentic schoolwide research. 
appropriated under section 4112 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
the outlying areas to be distributed among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
under this paragraph to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed onehalf of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under this paragraph. 
across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this part with such existing resources and programs; 
(ii) monitor the implementation of activities under this part and provide technical assistance to local educational agencies in carrying out such activities; and 
(iii) provide for equitable access for all students to the activities supported under this part, including aligning those activities with the requirements of other Federal laws. 
that States will provide activities under this part in accordance with the gender equity requirements in Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972.’’ 
amount allotted to such State, for each fiscal year, for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this part; and 
technical assistance, and capacity building to, local educational agencies that receive an allotment under section 4104; and 
programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this part, so that local educational agencies can better coordinate with other agencies, schools, and communitybased services and programs; or 
(aa) highquality courses in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science; 
for credit at institutions of higher education, including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools; or 
examinations that are accepted for credit at institutions of higher education, including Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs; 
(ff) environmental education; or (gg) other courses, activities, and programs 
or other experiences that contribute to a wellrounded education; or 
drugfree environments that support student academic achievement, as described in section 4108, which may include— 
(aa) implement, to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased mental health awareness training programs to provide education to school personnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental illnesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health or the safe deescalation of crisis situations involving a student with a mental illness; or 
(bb) expand access to or coordinate resources for schoolbased counseling and mental health programs, such as through school based mental health services partnership programs; 
to the extent the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, with evidencebased resources addressing ways to integrate health and safety practices into school or athletic programs; and 
that references to health and safety practices for school and athletic programs may include developing plans for concussion safety and recovery practices, cardiac conditions, exposure to excessive heat and humidity, guidelines for emergency action plans for youth athletics, and developing and implementing school asthma management plans.’’ 
(iii) increase access to personalized, rigorous learning experiences supported by technology by— 
educational agencies to improve the ability of local educational agencies to— 
(aa) identify and address technology readiness needs, including the types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, access 
to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, related network infrastructure, and data security; 
principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; and 
school leaders, and local educational agency administrators to support teachers in using data and technology to improve instruction and personalize learning; 
areas to expand access to highquality digital learning opportunities; 
the state determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased or innovative strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology, which may include increased access to online dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)); 
(IV) disseminating promising practices related to technology instruction, data security, and the acquisition and implementation of technology tools and applications, including through making such promising practices publicly available on the website of the State educational agency; 
school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, and administrators with the knowledge and skills to use technology effectively, including effective integration of technology, to 
improve instruction and student achievement, which may include coordination with teacher, principal, and other school leader preparation programs; and 
available through open educational resources, which may include providing tools and processes to support local educational agencies in making such resources widely available. 
ALLOCATION .—No allocation to a local educational agency under this paragraph may be made in an amount that is less than $10,000. 
in a State may form a consortium and combine the funds each such agency in the consortium received under this section to jointly carry out the local activities described in this part. 
in order to create a healthy and safe school environment; and 
application submitted under this section by a local educational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, shall include the following: 
higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, [or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this part; 
activities related to supporting wellrounded education under section 4107; 
activities related to supporting safe and healthy students under section 4108; 
activities related to supporting the effective use of technology in schools under section 4109; and 
outcomes for activities under this part, and how the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will periodically evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this section based on such objectives and outcomes. 
include assurances that the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, will— 
schools served by the local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, that— 
needs, as determined by such local educational agency, or consortium; 
be less than 20 percent of funds, received under this part to support at least one activity authorized under section 4107; 
be less than 20 percent of funds, received under this part to support at least one activity authorized under section 4108; 
an institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this section; and 
(ii) training counselors to effectively utilize labor market information in assisting students with postsecondary education and career planning; and 
(iii) financial literacy and Federal financial aid awareness activities; 
and the arts as tools to support student success through the promotion of constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict resolution; 
instruction and student engagement in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, including computer science, (referred to in this section as ‘STEM subjects’) by— 
grade 12 who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students, to high quality courses; 
(ii) supporting the participation of lowincome students in nonprofit competitions related to STEM subjects (such as robotics, 
(iii) providing handson learning and exposure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and supporting the use of field based or service learning to enhance the students’ understanding of the identified subjects; 
including the arts, into STEM programs to increase participation in STEM, improve attainment of STEMrelated skills, and promote wellrounded education;’’ 
cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examination fees, if the lowincome students are enrolled in accelerated learning courses and plan to take accelerated learning examinations; or 
(ii) increasing the availability of, and enrollment in accelerated learning courses, accelerated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early 
implementation, and strengthening of programs to teach traditional American history, civics, economics, geography, or government education; 
educational programs that integrate multiple disciplines, such as programs that combine arts and math; or’’ 
an institution of higher education, business, nonprofit organization, communitybased organization, or other public or private entity with a demonstrated record of success in implementing activities under this section; and 
with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased drug and violence prevention activities and programs (including programs to educate students against the use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smokeless tobacco products, and electronic cigarettes), including professional development and training for school and specialized instructional support personnel and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification, intervention 
mentoring, recovery support services and, where appropriate, rehabilitation referral, as related to drug and violence prevention; 
public or private mentalhealth entity or health care entity; and 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community personnel working in the school that are— 
extent the state, in consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased practices; 
early intervening services carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); and 
(cc) provided by qualified mental and behavioral health professionals who are certified or licensed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise; 
(ii) support a healthy, active lifestyle, including nutritional education and regular, structured physical education activities and programs, and which may address chronic disease management with instruction led by school nurses, nurse practitioners, or other appropriate specialists or professionals to help maintain the wellbeing of students; 
(iii) help prevent bullying and harassment; (iv) improve instructional practices for developing relationshipbuilding skills, such as effective communication, and improve safety through the recognition and prevention of coercion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment; 
that throughout this part, references to children who are at risk of academic failure or dropping out of school include expectant and parenting students who have unique educational needs. Local educational agencies should provide opportunities for the enrollment, attendance, and success of such students.’’ 
enhance students’ effective learning skills essential for school readiness and academic success, such as by providing integrated systems of student and family supports; 
sexual abuse awareness and prevention programs or activities, such as programs or activities designed to provide— 
appropriate instruction for students in child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to safely report child sexual abuse; and 
of students about child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sexual abuse with a child; 
tailored plan to reduce exclusionary discipline practices in elementary and secondary schools that— 
consultation with local educational agencies in the state, determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased strategies; and 
prison reduction through opportunities, mentoring, intervention, support, and other education services, referred to as a ‘youth 
behavioral interventions and supports, including through coordination with similar activities carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), in order to improve academic outcomes and school conditions for student learning; 
at a school or local educational agency to provide a variety of services, such as— 
partners are aligned with the academic expectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
administrators with the professional learning tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
development of new instructional models (including blended learning technology software and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and onetime information technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expenditures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities; or 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project; 
the use of technology (which may be provided through partnerships with outside organizations) to enable teachers and instructional leaders to increase student achievement in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science; and 
underserved areas with the resources to take advantage of highquality digital learning experiences, digital resources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators. 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, nonFederal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
consent required under this paragraph shall not be a waiver of any rights or protections under Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
under this title may be used for medical services or drug treatment or rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports, specialized instructional support services, or referral to treatment for impacted students, which may include students who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
prescription for a substance covered by the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) as a condition of— 
carry out this part $1,650,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $1,600,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020. 
changes to the 21st Century Community Learning Centers grant program. The House amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
IV (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
provide opportunities for communities to establish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
community learning centers opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including opportunities for literacy and related educational development. 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
needs and aligned with the instruction students receive during the school day; and 
such center opportunities for literacy, and related educational development and opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education. 
part (as this part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act); and 
of success in running or working with after school programs; or 
term ‘rigorous peerreview process’ means a process by which— 
(ii) not include any applicant, or representative of an applicant, that has submitted an application under this part for the current application period; and 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
make continuation awards to grant recipients under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
to the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Education, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this part. 
(in consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities). 
through a grant or contract) of the effectiveness of programs and activities assisted under this part. 
identifies and partners with external organizations, if available, in the community. 
part with other Federal and State funds to implement highquality programs. 
as the agency responsible for the administration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for Statelevel activities; 
educational agency to be in need of intervention and support; and 
the State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consideration the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards; 
agency will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
highquality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years; and 
could provide assistance in carrying out the activities under this part; and 
entities a list of external organizations that successfully completed the prescreening process; 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before and afterschool or summer recess programs and activities, the heads of the State health and 
mental health agencies or their designees, statewide afterschool networks (where applicable) and representatives of teachers, local educational agencies, and community based organizations; and 
needs and resources assessment for before and after school or summer recess programs and activities, which shall be based on the results of ongoing State evaluation activities; 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of programs and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
other indicators of student success and improvement, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program attendance, and ontime advancement to the next grade level; and 
indicators such as career competencies, successful completion of internships or apprenticeships, or workbased learning opportunities; 
of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
impose a priority or preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the regular school day. 
learning program that provide students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
(ii) a description of how students participating in the program carried out by the community learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applicable; and 
expected to improve student academic achievement as well as overall student success; 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other nonFederal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or nonFederal funds; 
and available resources for the community learning center, and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
how the community learning center will continue after funding under this part ends; 
be given notice of an intent to submit an application and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public review after submission of the application; 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an elementary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
educational agency that requires an eligible entity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of inkind contributions. 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to match funds when determining which eligible entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
practicable, a State educational agency shall distribute subgrant funds under this part equitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural communities. 
awarded under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
quality services that may be available in the community. 
provided under this part to an eligible entity, based on the eligible entity’s performance during the initial subgrant period following an eligible entity receiving a subgrant. 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance student academic achievement and support student success, including— 
lifestyle, including nutritional education and regular, structured physical activity programs; 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled to allow the students to improve their academic achievement; 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’), including computer science, and that foster innovation in learning by supporting nontraditional STEM education teaching methods; and 
fields of the local workforce or build career competencies and career readiness and ensure that local workforce and career readiness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
based research that the program or activity will help students meet [the challenging State academic standards and any local academic standards 
the program or activity, and to refine the performance measures; 
(ii) made available to the public upon request, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
to carry out this part $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $1,100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
multiyear grant award under part B of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.), as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such award]. 
minimal changes to the Elementary and Secondary School Counseling Program. The House amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
minimal changes to the Physical Education Program. The House amendment consolidates this program into the Local Academic Flexible Grant. 
bill include the Family Engagement in Education Programs in different titles. 
6. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different section references, but include identical purposes for the program. 
LC 7. The Senate bill and the House amendment include different section references, but identical ‘‘grants authorized’’ language. 
LC 8. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different section numbers for the ‘‘applications’’ section. 
LC 9. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes an assurance in the application for the applicant to conduct adult literacy training in the community, including financial literacy. 
SR 10. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different section references in the ‘‘use of funds’’ language. 
LC 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a provision to teach parents about the harms of copyright piracy in addition to technology in the uses of funds. 
have different section references in the ‘‘technical assistance’’ language. LC 
LC 13a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes Indian tribe and tribal organizations as eligible contractors. 
for each year 2016–2021. The House amendment authorizes $25,000,000 for each year 2016–2019. 
sums as may be necessary’’ and insert ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and strike ‘‘2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘2017 through 2020’’ 
0. The charter school provisions use a different term for ‘‘English learners’’ than other provisions in the bill. 
are English learners’’ should be changed to ‘‘English learners’’ 
0a. The Senate bill and the House amendment refer to expansion and replication differently. 
1. The House amendment moves the Charter Schools Program from Title V in current law to Title III Part A. The Senate bill maintains the program as Title V Part A. 
the charter school program as Part C of Title IV 
and replaces a number of sections of current law, while the House amendment strikes and replaces current law wholesale. 
LC 3. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different section titles. 
HR 4. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a sense of Congress. 
HR 5. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a purpose of the program to improve the United States education system and build a stronger America. 
SR 6. The Senate bill uses the phrase ‘‘increase’’ the number of high quality charter schools, while the House amendment uses the word ‘‘expand’’. 
HR 7a. The Senate bill has a reference to 
HR 8. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a program purpose to support quality accountability and transparency for authorizing entities. 
‘‘the startup of’’ and strike ‘‘the expansion of’’ and insert ‘‘to expand’’ 
‘‘the startup of’’ and strike ‘‘the expansion of’’ and insert ‘‘to expand’’ 
wording than the House amendment, but has similar policy. 
LC 15. The Senate bill reserves no less than 25 
percent for a national activities competition, while the House amendment caps national activities at 10 percent. 
LC 17. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires GAO to issue a report on the State use of administrative funds. 
HR 18. The Senate bill and the House amendment use different section numbers. 
LC 20. The Senate bill inserts the phrase ‘‘on a 
LC 22. The House amendment awards subgrants for ‘‘opening and preparing to operate’’, charter schools, while the Senate bill uses a different structure. 
amendment, lists specific activities that qualify as ‘‘improving authorizing quality’’. 
HR 24. The Senate bill and the House amendment use different crossreferences. 
to setaside funds for administrative costs, which may include technical assistance, whereas the Senate bill clarifies the same setaside can address the administrative costs of technical assistance. 
entity to carry out a subgrant competition and technical assistance directly through grants, contractors, or cooperative agreements, while the Senate bill only allows their use to provide technical assistance. 
bill use different wording in the rule of construction regarding lotteries. SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘states’’ 
and insert ‘‘state entities, or prohibit State entities from awarding subgrants to eligible applicants’’ 
LC 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that the rule of construction does not prohibit schools from specializing in providing specific services for students with special needs. 
grant period with the possibility for a 2year extension. The House amendment establishes a 5year grant period. 
period of 3 years with the possibility of a 2 year extension, where planning time may not exceed 18 months. The House amendment caps subgrants at 5 years, but also contains an 18 month limit for planning and design. 
SR 31a. The Senate bill uses ‘‘awarding subgrants’’, but the House amendment uses ‘‘receiving a grant’’ 
LC 32. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes provisions outlining the number and amount of grants for the Secretary to disperse, as well as requirements for the Secretary to annually review how States are using their grant funds to assess if the Secretary should terminate or reduce the amount of grant funds. 
(II) fully obligate the first 2 years of funds 
appropriated for the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the first fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
(ii) prior to the start of the third year of 
the grant period and each succeeding year of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity— 
grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds; and 
will be needed for the remainder of the grant period; and 
that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities— 
(bb) in a fiscal year in which the amount of 
33. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain different titles, but similar wording for project diversity. 
use different words for possible versus practicable and applicable. 
provision that directs States to prioritize applicants that plan to serve students from lowincome families. 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, clarifies that the waiver authority applies to charter schools supported under this part. 
contain similar grant limitations: a State cannot have more one than one grant awarded at a time. 
LC 37. The Senate bill allows grantees to receive more than one subgrant during each grant period if it has ‘‘demonstrated a strong track record of positive results,’’ while the House amendment refers to ‘‘improved educational results.’’ 
SR 38. The House amendment clarifies a distinct period (3 years) that is different than the total grant period (5 years) for demonstrating results, whereas the Senate bill maintains demonstration as ‘‘the course of the grant period’’. 
SR 42. The House amendment, but the not Senate bill, requires an explanation of how the State will have clear plans and procedures to assist students in the case of a charter revocation or closure. 
and insert ‘‘ensure that public chartering agencies, in collaboration with surrounding local educational agencies where applicable, establish’’ 
LC 44. The House amendment requires the entity to work with the SEA to ‘‘adequately’’ operate the State entity’s program ‘‘where’’ 
HR on ‘‘adequately.’’ LC on ‘‘if’’ vs ‘‘where’’ 45. The House amendment specifies the activities that an applicant will carry out under its program, while the Senate bill does not. 
and expanding schools and the House amendment does not. 
LC 47. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, specifies that the operation of the school will be continued in a way that is consistent with its application. 
SR 48. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description of how the entity will support school turnarounds. 
both require an explanation of retention and inclusion practices for all students. The House amendment specifically identifies foster and homeless students, and disciplinary practices. 
to promote inclusion of all students, including by eliminating any barriers to enrollment for educationally disadvantaged students, (who include foster youth and unaccompanied homeless youth; and 
enrolled to promote retention, including by reducing the overuse of discipline practices that remove students from the classroom; 
both require an explanation of how the State will work with schools on recruitment practices. The House amendment additionally prohibits schools from having barriers (in the form of policies or procedures) for educationally disadvantaged students, and requires an explanation of how schools are in compliance with Federal and State laws on enrollment practices. 
See note 49. 51. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both require explanations on how the state entity will share best practices. The House amendment additionally includes enumerated course and subject materials (professional development in STEM, etc). 
authorizing requirements for State entities that are a State educational agency, a State charter school board, or Governor of a State. [See below for Charter Support Organization (CSO) Applicants] The Senate bill requires an explanation of which actor in the state will be responsible for oversight of public chartering agencies, and includes a rule of construction regarding changing state law/ practices. SR with an amendment to add ‘‘how the 
SR 56. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description of how the State entity will support the creation of secondary schools. 
require information on how the State can carry out priorities and is working to develop a statewide system that supports charter schools, but use slightly different wording. 
HR 59. The Senate bill requires a description of 
how the State entity will solicit input from parents and communities. The House amendment has them later in the bill. See notes 65 and 79. 
Senate bill, requires the State to create a strategy to encourage relationships between charter schools and LEAs. 
use slightly different language to describe the subgrant process. 
‘‘charter management organizations’’ (CMOs), while the House amendment refers to ‘‘partner organizations.’’ 
require descriptions of quality controls, and include contracts or performance agreements and inclusion of student achievement performance as potential examples. The Senate bill additionally includes financial audits and closure procedures as examples, while the House amendment refers to revocation and renewal procedures. 
before ‘‘accountability system’’ and add ‘‘and impact on student achievement (which may include student academic growth) after ‘‘system’’ 
amendment, requires a description of how autonomy and flexibility for charter schools is consistent with the definition of a charter school. 
are similar, but use slightly different wording. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘fiscal sustainability’’ and the House amendment uses ‘‘financial sustainability’’. 
describe parental engagement activities. No specific requirement exists in the House amendment. 
SR 70. The Senate bill requires a description of 
how the State entity will help ‘‘address’’ transportation needs, while the House amendment uses ‘‘consider’’. 
will ensure each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program have considered and planned for the transportation needs of the schools’ students; and’’ 
amendment, requires information about State open meetings and open records laws. 
HR 72. The House amendment requires a description of how the State entity will support diverse charter models. The Senate bill includes no such provision. 
SR 73. The House amendment requires ‘‘a description of how assurances will be met.’’ The Senate bill requires an assurance. 
HR 74. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes ‘‘autonomy in personnel decisions’’ under autonomy of budget and operations. 
use different cross references (but both refer to identical language). 
‘‘State entity’s program’’ while the Senate bill refers to the ‘‘entity’s’’ program. 
SR 77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the State entity to hold authorizers accountable for ensuring that charter schools meet federal compliance requirements. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘and provides adequate technical assistance to’’ 
79. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires authorizers to have oversight of schools to ensure they solicit parent and community input. 
HR 80. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires that State entities provide adequate technical assistance to eligible entities to meet program objectives. 
requires promoting quality authorizing, but the Senate bill clarifies this action to be consistent with State law. 
HR 83. The House amendment requires the inclusion of measures as part of the annual assessment of performance data, as appropriate, whereas the Senate bill lists measures as examples. 
84. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description of how the State entity will work to ensure that charter schools are included in decisionmaking. 
SR 85. The Senate bill requires this info to be 
published on the school website, and must include parent contract requirements, financial obligations, and enrollment criteria. 
State’’ and insert ‘‘, receiving funds under the State entity’s program,’’ 
86. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, clarifies that annual performance data is not necessary if the results would reveal personally identifiable information and includes ‘‘any other information the State requires all public schools to be reported.’’ 
HR with amendment to insert at the end of 
to consider the actual number of schools to be opened and students served, whereas the House amendment uses the term ‘‘ambitiousness’’ of the State entity’s objectives for the program. 
SR 90. The House amendment includes a selection criteria for quality strategies that assess achievement of program objectives. 
progress toward meeting the definition of a highquality charter school, whereas the House amendment focuses on meeting applicant objectives. 
Senate bill require State entities to monitor subgrantees, but the House amendment uses the qualifier ‘‘adequate’’ to describe monitoring practices. 
SR 93. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires States to describe how they will avoid duplication of work. 
Senate bill require States to describe plans for technical assistance, but the House amendment uses the qualifier ‘‘adequate’’ for technical assistance. 
LC 95. The Senate bill and the House amendment use different list structures. 
LC 95a. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different language regarding authorized public chartering agencies. 
SR 95b. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different language regarding appeals. 
HR 96. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, gives priority to States without caps on charter schools. 
HR 97. The Senate bill and the House amendment use slightly different wording. SR 
98. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a State entity to demonstrate that its State offers these opportunities. 
HR 99. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, lists the ability to share in bonds or mill levies. 
Senate bill, gives priority to States that partner with organizations that have been successful in supporting statewide charter development. 
Senate bill give priority to States that support charter schools that engage in dropout prevention activities, but the House amendment adds comprehensive career counseling practices. 
SR 102. The Senate bill gives priority to States 
that offer charter schools a high degree of autonomy. 
for States that authorize all charter schools to serve as school food authorities. 
whereas the House amendment uses ‘‘such as’’ to describe allowable use of funds. 
insert ‘‘shall’’ and to insert ‘‘one or more of the following activities—’’ after ‘‘include’’ 
to use funding for ‘‘acquisition, expansion, or preparation’’ of a school building, while the House amendment allows funding to be used for necessary renovations and minor repairs. 
specialized instructional support personnel, including through paying the costs associated with— 
which may include the cost of students and staff recruitment; or 
sustained costs related to planning, opening, and preparing to operate a new charter school, replicating a highquality charter school, or expanding a highquality charter 
school when such costs cannot be met from other sources. 
See note 105. 107. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be used to provide transportation. 
See note 105. 108. Both the Senate bill and House amendment allow funding to be used for instructional materials and supplies. The Senate bill also allows funding to be used to hire additional nonteaching staff. 
See note 105. 109. The Senate bill, but not the House 
subgrantees to be able to use funding to pay the costs associated with professional development, which may include training for charter school board members on how to fulfill their oversight, management, and governance responsibilities and effectively support charter schools.’’ 
used for early childhood education programs, while the House amendment does not. 
amendment have different grant period limits, reports under both bills are required at the end of the third year, and two years afterward (effectively). 
Senate bill, requires the State to report on how it met the Statedetermined objectives outlined in the State’s application. 
contain similar language. The Senate bill additionally requires States to report on the amount of each subgrant awarded. 
HR 114. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar language, although the House amendment requires States to report on their progress on all priorities, as applicable, whereas the Senate bill only requires reporting on some of those priorities. 
subgrantee use of funds for early childhood programs, if applicable. 
SR 116. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different section numbers. 
to award not less than 3 grants. The House amendment does not contain a grant number directive, but does require the Secretary to consider the diversity of applications when awarding grants. 
HR 118. The Senate bill, but not the House 
predevelopment costs qualify as costs related to construction of new facilities. 
SR 121. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain substantively identical language. 
Senate bill, clarifies that GEPA applies to recovery of funds. 
bill have different language for supplement, not supplant language. 
Senate bill, contains provisions regarding States without perpupil facilities aid programs specified in State law. 
to reserve not less than 80 percent of funds for the CMO competition. The House amendment reserves not less than 75 percent for a grant competition to serve CMOs and applicants that did not apply/receive a grant under section 3103. 
of funds (essentially not more than 20%) for the remaining national activities. The House amendment directs the Secretary to reserve not more than 25% for the remaining national activities. 
134. The Senate bill allows funding for national activities to be used to award grants to eligible applicants in states that did not receive a grant under section 5103. The House amendment includes this program in the CMO competition. 
See note 133. 135. The Senate bill authorizes grants for 
CMOs and nonprofits to replicate and expand highquality charter school models, whereas the House amendment also authorizes the grants for startups, and delineates allowable activities as defined under the State grant competition. 
HR 136. The Senate bill and the House amendment both define eligible entities as CMOs, but the Senate bill also encompasses nonprofits overseeing CMOs, and the House amendment extends grants to eligible applicants in states that did not receive a grant, and does not extend eligibility to nonprofits. 
137. The Senate bill outlines specific application requirements for grants available under this subsection, whereas the House amendment uses the same terms and conditions required under section 3103. 
entity desiring to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
each charter school currently operated or managed by the eligible entity— 
for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rates (as such rates were calculated on the day before enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act); and 
(iii) information on any significant compliance and management issues encountered within the last 3 years by any school operated or managed by the eligible entity, including in the areas of student safety and finance. 
schools to be replicated or expanded will be sustained after the grant under this subsection has ended, which shall include a multiyear financial and operating model for the eligible entity. 
schools that expand or replicate using funding provided under this section will recruit and enroll students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and other educationally disadvantaged students. 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements that the eligible entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this subsection. 
has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
the eligible entity revoked or removed, including through voluntary disaffiliation; and 
has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter; and 
section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
charter schools with racially and socioeconomically diverse student bodies; 
See note 139. 141. The Senate bill includes selection criteria for demonstrated success in student achievement for all students. 
See note 139. 142. The House amendment includes selection criteria for the number of network schools that meet the definition of a high quality charter school. 
See note 139. 143. Both the Senate bill and House amendment require considering the demonstrated success in serving educationally disadvantaged students, and the Senate bill extends this provision to each of the categories of students and includes a crossreference. 
See note 139. 144. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the Secretary consider whether the applicant has school closure procedures. 
See note 139. 145. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to consider the applicant’s financial and operational model. 
require the Secretary to take into account whether the applicant has managed unsuccessful charter schools, but use different wording to describe such charter schools. 
See note 139. 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a determination regarding statutory or regulatory compliance. 
See note 139. 148. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, requires the Secretary to consider the applicant’s demonstrated success working with schools identified for improvement. 
See note 139. 149. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, prioritizes applicants serving high numbers of disadvantaged students. 
Senate bill, includes the manner in which the Secretary may award grants. 
HR 152. The Senate bill, but not the House 
of a charter school, while the House amendment moves the definition of a charter school to Title VI. 
HR 154. The Senate bill includes the term ‘‘operates or manages multiple’’ while the House amendment includes ‘‘manages a network of’’ in the definition of charter management organization. 
threshold of 50 percent or adding 2 or more grades for determining whether a highquality charter school has expanded. The House amendment uses the term ‘‘significantly’’ increased and specifies adding 1 or more grades. 
SR 156. The House amendment does not contain the qualifier ‘‘student’’. 
amendment, includes a requirement that replicated charter schools must be operated or managed by the same nonprofit organization. 
sums’’ annually through 2021, while the House amendment authorizes $300 million annually through 2019. 
carry out the activities of this part, $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
Part B of Title V and redesignates sections accordingly throughout, while the House amendment redesignates Part C as subpart 2 
current law, while the House amendment strikes such findings. 
and insert ‘‘2,500,000’’ and strike ‘‘65’’ and insert ‘‘69’’ 
SR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘expansion’’ in addition to development and implementation. 
HR 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds ‘‘expansion’’ in addition to development and design. 
HR 7. The Senate uses the phrase ‘‘enter the 
workforce without the need for postsecondary education’’ while the House amendment refers to ‘‘postsecondary education or employment’’. 
SR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 9. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to authorized appropriations for the program. 
HR 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement to submit any available evidence of increasing integration. 
such evidence is no available, a rationale, based on current research, for’’ before ‘‘how the proposed magnet school’’ 
amendment, adds a requirement to submit evidence to support this description. 
amendment, adds a description of how the applicant will monitor the impact of funded activities. 
HR 13. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
make similar modifications referring to ‘‘effective’’ rather than ‘‘highly qualified’’ teachers. 
LC 15. The Senate bill expands antidiscrimination requirements to cover current actions. 
SR 16. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 17. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. LC 18. The Senate bill adds evidencebased priorities for creating new, or revising, and expanding magnet school programs. 
school program, using evidencebased methods and practices, as available; or 
school program that has a demonstrated record of success in increasing student academic achievement, and reducing isolation of minority groups 
magnet school programs by methods such as lottery, rather than through academic examination; and 
taking into account socioeconomic diversityin designing and implementing magnet school programs 
19. The Senate bill makes a technical edit. HR 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an additional use of funds to establish, expand, or strengthen interdistrict magnet programs. 
the magnet school, provided that such transportation is sustainable beyond the grant period. 
21. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar language, but the House amendment lists out specific academic courses, whereas the Senate bill refers to academic, career, or technological skills and professional skills. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides for a possible two year grant renewal. 
HR 25. The House amendment redesignates section 5310 as section 3127, while the Senate bill strikes this evaluation in entirety. 
at such sums as may be necessary. The House amendment moves this provision to Section 3 and authorizes funding at $91,600,000. 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$94,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, $96,820,000 for fiscal year 2018, $102,387,150 for fiscal year 2019, $108,530,379 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
refer to different cross references for authorized appropriations for the program. 
amendment, authorizes the Supporting High Ability Learners and Learning program. 
HR with an amendment to insert the following as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
is to promote a coordinated program, to be known as the ‘Jacob K. Javits Gifted and Talented Students Education Program’, of evidencebased research, demonstration 
activities designed to build and enhance the ability of elementary schools and secondary schools nationwide to identify gifted and talented students and meet their special educational needs.] 
well as gifted and talented services, materials, and methods, can be adapted, if appropriate, for use by all students; and 
assisted under this section may include each of the following: 
methods and techniques for identifying and teaching gifted and talented students and for using gifted and talented programs and methods to identify and provide the opportunity for all students to be served, particularly lowincome and atrisk students. 
and projects for identifying and serving gifted and talented students, including innovative methods and strategies for identifying and educating students who may not be served by traditional gifted and talented programs (such as summer programs, mentoring programs, peer tutoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative learning programs involving business, industry, and education). 
with the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and development activities supported by the Institute; and 
based activities which are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
this section, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to— 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented students; or 
and provision of services to, gifted and talented students (including economically disadvantaged individuals, individuals who are English learners, and children with disabilities) who may not be identified and served through traditional assessment methods; or 
entering into contracts under this section, the Secretary shall ensure, where appropriate, that provision is made for the equitable participation of students and teachers in private nonprofit elementary schools and secondary schools, including the participation of teachers and other personnel in professional development programs serving such students. 
under this section in accordance with section 8601, in terms of the impact on students traditionally served in separate gifted and talented programs and on other students, and submit the results of such evaluation to Congress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
shall ensure that the programs under this section are administered within the Department by a person who has recognized professional qualifications and experience in the field of the education of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
Education Sciences in identifying research priorities that reflect the needs of gifted and talented students; and 
amendment, authorizes the Education Innovation and Research program. See note 78. 
entrepreneurial, evidencebased, fieldinitiated innovations to improve student achievement and attainment for highneed students; and 
urbancentric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
by the program are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a combination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
in areas with a concentration of local educational agencies or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17— 
price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
amendment, authorizes the Accelerated Learning program. See note 78. 
SR 4. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to insert the following as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
through contracts with producers of children’s and family educational television programming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
(iii) facilitate the development of programming and digital content containing Ready toLearnbased children’s programming and resources for parents and caregivers that is specially designed for nationwide distribution over public television stations’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
telecommunications entities) so that programming developed under this section are disseminated and distributed to the widest possible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to distance learning technologies, that are designed— 
mission and nonprofit nature, to negotiate such contracts in a manner that returns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any programrelated products. 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational outreach at the local level. 
receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
educational programming by preschool and elementary school children, and make such programming widely available to Federally funded programs serving such populations; and 
will undertake widely to disseminate the content developed under this section; and 
under the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, including each of the following: 
that have been developed to accompany the programming, and the method by which the materials are distributed to consumers and users of the programming. 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a biannual report that includes the following: 
receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, contract, or agreement for the normal and customary expenses of administering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 6. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 7. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes findings. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 9. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘eligible partnership’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘school partner’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 12. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘digital learning partner’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 14. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘evaluation partner’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 16. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘institution of higher education’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 17. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘local educational agency’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 18. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, defines the term ‘‘Secretary’’. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 20. The Senate bill authorizes grants to 
States for the purposes of subgranting on a competitive or formula basis depending on appropriated levels. The House amendment authorizes a competitive grant program directly to eligible partnerships. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 21. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 22. The House amendment sets grant period 
parameters between 3–5 years. The Senate bill is silent on grant period descriptions— both for grants and subgrants—but requires the Secretary to make grants for each fiscal year. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 23. The House amendment names the 
school as the fiscal agent. The Senate bill directs grants to State educational agencies. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a State match of funding from nonfederal sources. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows for an exception to the State match requirement. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 28. The Senate bill and House amendment 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 29. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on promoting college and career readiness, including with isolated populations. 
SR 30. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on professional development on personalized learning and open educational resources. 
SR 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 32. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that each local educational agency will conduct a technology readiness survey. 
SR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on making content widely available. 
SR 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on how the state will award subgrants. 
SR 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a description on how the state will evaluate program impact. 
SR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance on consultation with local educational agencies. 
SR 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires an assurance that funding will supplement, not supplant Federal, State, or local funds. 
SR 41. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description of the eligible partnership. 
SR 42. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description on technologybased learning. 
SR 43. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires an assurance on relevant teacher licensure requirements. 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires an assurance on student access to equipment. 
HR 45. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires an assurance on parental consent. 
46. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description about the need, quality, and strength of partnership experience, and quality of evaluation. 
HR 47. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description on how the evaluation complies with IES evaluation design. 
HR 48. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description on the program evaluation design that meets the parameters required under this part. See note 71. 
HR 49. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a description on the number of students receiving benefits. 
HR 50. The House amendment gives the Secretary discretion to add to the program application. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 51. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires a peer review process for reviewing applications. 
HR 52. The House amendment requires the Secretary to enforce grant diversity. The Senate bill contains no similar provision in requirements for subgrants. 
HR 53. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, contains Selection Criteria. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 55. The Senate bill defines specific uses of 
funds for States. The House amendment does not contain any similar provisions. 
SR 56. The Senate bill allows State grantees to 
reserve 10 percent of grant funds for statewide activities. The House amendment does not contain any similar provisions. 
SR 57. The Senate bill defines specific uses of 
funds for State grantees. The House amendment does not contain any similar provisions. 
SR 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 59. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires competitive or formula subgrants depending on appropriations. 
the subgrant application. The House amendment does not contain a subgrant competition. See section 905 for information on the House amendment grant application. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 61. The Senate bill prescribes local uses of 
funds for subgrantees. The House amendment prescribes uses for funds for eligible partnerships. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 62. The Senate bill requires not less than 25 
percent of funds to be used for technology infrastructure. The House amendment uses different wording, includes examples, and does not specify a percentage for infrastructure. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 63. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows a State to modify the percentage of funds for technology infrastructure. 
SR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows local educational agencies to form purchasing consortium. 
SR 65. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
used for blended learning projects. The House amendment contains no similar provision but includes blended learning language in the Local Academic Flexible grant. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 66. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes examples of practices and strategies to be used to inform instruction. 
HR 67. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires funds to be used for students with specific educational needs. 
HR 68. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes examples of tools, courses, and strategies to help students develop 21st Century skills. 
HR 69. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes examples of online courses. 
HR 70. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires a report submitted to the Secretary on the status of the State’s plan, the type of technology acquired, and the activities funded under this section. See note 71 on the report on the evaluation. 
SR 71. The House amendment requires partnerships to complete an independent evaluation of the grant activities. The Senate bill does not require such an evaluation, although the bill does require a report to the Secretary on grant activities. 
at such sums. The House amendment does not include an authorization. 
HR/SR with an amendment to strike. 73. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the Literacy and Arts Education program. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to insert the following as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
assistance made available under this section, the Secretary shall require each eligible entity receiving such assistance— 
each project or program carried out with such assistance with appropriate activities of public or private cultural agencies, institutions, and organizations, including museums, arts education associations, libraries, and theaters; and 
section, the Secretary shall consult with Federal agencies or institutions, arts educators (including professional arts education associations), and organizations representing the arts (including State and local arts agencies involved in arts education). 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from families with an income below the poverty line; 
quality plans for addressing arts education activities for [disadvantaged students or students who are children with disabilities] 
amendment, authorizes the Early Learning Alignment and Improvement Grants program. See note 78. 
the following in Title IX as a new Part [X]: 
Part of title IX, as added by section [ ll], 
is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
implement a strategic plan that facilitates collaboration and coordination among existing programs of early childhood care and education in a mixed delivery system across the State designed to prepare lowincome and vulnerable children to enter kindergarten; and 
local, and nongovernmental resources existing when the State applies for a grant under this subpart to align and strengthen delivery of existing programs; 
funding streams existing when the State applies for a grant under this subpart in the mixed delivery system; and 
utilize existing resources, as of the date of receipt of a grant under this subpart in order to improve— 
a mixed delivery system of Federal, State, and local early childhood education programs; 
income families, including during such children’s transition into elementary school; 
Start providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased entities), and local educational agencies, to improve coordination, program quality, and delivery of services; and 
mixed delivery system of early childhood education program providers. 
program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
program’ means a Federal, State, local, or privately funded early childhood education program that was operating in the State at any time on or after date of enactment of the [ ll Act of ll] through funds that were 
‘mixed delivery system’ means multiple types of entities that deliver early childhood education programs (including Head Start, licensed family and centerbased child care programs, public schools, and community based organizations) through both public and private funds, in a variety of programmatic and organizational structures. [Note: As written, this will require the system to have both public and private funding.] 
that receives a grant under this section shall provide funds from nonFederal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, in an amount equal to not less than 30 percent of the amount of the grant. 
that the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for duties under this section; 
Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.), including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act (42 U.S.C. 9801 et seq.); 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); and 
tribe or tribal organization programs of early learning, childhood education, child care, and development operating in the State, as of the date of the application for the grant, including programs operated by Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased entities); 
with the State Advisory Council and Head Start collaboration office. 
system in place as of the date of the award; and 
programs in the State, including such programs serving the most vulnerable or underserved populations and children in rural areas; 
unduplicated number of children served in existing programs; and 
unduplicated number of children awaiting service in such programs 
among Head Start providers, local educational agencies, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased entities) that would improve coordination, program quality, and 
respect to early childhood education programs, including improving coordination and collaboration among such programs, as of the date the grant was awarded, of the State Advisory Council while incorporating new or updated Federal, State, and local statutory requirements, including— 
Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.); and 
the report required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
childhood education program providers in the State to increase collaboration and efficiency of services, including to improve transitions from such programs to elementary school. 
development grant for development or expansion under section 14006 of the America Reinvestment and Recovery Act of 2009 (20 U.S.C. 10006) and the grant period for such grant has concluded; and 
under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and may not be renewed by the Secretary or the Secretary of Education. 
a grant under this subsection may use grant funds to award subgrants to existing programs in a mixed delivery system across the State designed to benefit lowincome and vulnerable children prior to entering kindergarten, to— 
needs of children and families eligible for, but not currently served by such programs, if the State ensures— 
(II) funds made available under this paragraph shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
under this subsection, a State shall prioritize identified activities of improvement in the existing State mixed delivery system of early childhood education, as of the date of award of the subgrant, that would improve services for lowincome and vulnerable children living in rural areas. 
use more than 60 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award such subgrants; and 
(ii) for each of the second and third years 
of the renewal grant, use more than 75 percent of the grant funds available for such year to award subgrants. 
among Head Start providers, State and local governments, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, and private entities (including faith and communitybased) and how these partnerships improve coordination and delivery of services; 
State used information from the report required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 to inform activities, and how this information was useful in coordinating and collaborating among programs and funding streams; 
by the initial grant led to the blending or braiding of other public and private funding; 
regarding early childhood education programs, and coordination of such programs. 
through the use of subgrant funds, including, where appropriate, measurable areas of program improvement and better utilization of existing resources; and 
subgrant funds, including how to better serve the most vulnerable, underserved, and rural populations. 
construed to authorize the Secretary or the Secretary of Education to establish any criterion for grants made under this section that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
the quality of early childhood education programs and providers, school readiness, and achievement; and 
of program day and length of program year; and 
principal, other school leader, or staff evaluation system within a State, local educational agency, or early childhood education program. 
this subpart shall be construed to authorize the Secretary, the Secretary of Education, the State, or another governmental agency to alter requirements for existing programs for which coordination and alignment activities are recommended under this section, or to force programs to adhere to any recommendations developed through this program. The Secretary, the Secretary of Education, State, or agency may only take an action described in this subsection as otherwise authorized under Federal, State, and local laws. 
subpart shall be construed to authorize the Secretary of Education to have sole decision making or regulatory authority in carrying out the activities under this subpart. 
overlapping programs, as identified by the Government Accountability Office’s 2012 annual report (GAO–12–342SP); 
by States using grant funds from preschool development grants under section 9207 have led to better utilization of resources; and 
Health and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of all Federal agencies that administer Federal early childhood education programs, shall— 
enactment of this Act, prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a detailed report that— 
achieved by, and specific recommendations for, eliminating overlap and fragmentation among all Federal early childhood education programs; 
learning and care programs required under section 13 of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–186; 128 Stat. 2002); and 
to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out this subpart $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. [Note: This authorization should be moved up into section 9xxx, with the other authorizations for this part, when incorporated into Title IX (National Activities).]’’. 
for Preschool Development Grants to be jointly administered by the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Education. Recognizing the expertise that the Department of Education has in helping States develop and expand early learning programs, the Conferees expect that the Department of Education willbean equal partner with the Department of Health and Human Services in decision making around the selection of grantees, communicating with States, and providing technical assistance to States throughout the grant process in order to increase the quality of and overall participation of children in early childhood education programs.’’ 
amendment, authorizes the Innovation Schools Demonstration Authority. See note 78. 
SR 76. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes the FullService Community Schools program. See note 78. 
HR with an amendment to insert the following as a new Title IV Part [F]: 
desires a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide 
pipeline services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
academic, physical, nonacademic, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
and additional pipeline services, to be coordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an explanation of— 
community school site has fulltime coordination and management of pipeline services at such school, including a description of the applicable funding sources, plans for professional development for the personnel managing, coordinating, or delivering pipeline services, and plans for joint utilization and management of school facilities. 
services described in this subsection after the grant period. 
this subpart for activities described in this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
not award a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section to an eligible entity in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the grant period, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
this subpart for activities described in this section shall be used to— 
services provided by communitybased organizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
publicly available, including by providing public notice of such availability. 
section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
made available to an eligible entity through a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this section. 
amendment, authorizes the Promise Neighborhoods program. See note 78. 
HR/SR with amendment to strike and insert the following as a new Title IV Part [X]: 
which the needs analysis was produced, including a description of how parents, families, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
collaborative efforts (including programs already provided from Federal and nonFederal sources) within, or accessible to, the neighborhood, including, at a minimum, early learning opportunities, family and student supports, local businesses, and institutions of higher education; 
taking, at the time of the application, to address the needs identified in the needs analysis; and 
agencies, and other communitybased organizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
used to identify the pipeline services to be provided and how the eligible entity will— 
acquire the skills to promote early learning and child development; and 
(ii) ensuring appropriate diagnostic assessments and referrals for children with disabilities and developmental delays, consistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), where applicable. 
expanding rigorous and comprehensive evidencebased educational improvements, which may include highquality academic programs, expanded learning time, and programs and activities to prepare students for postsecondary education admissions and success. 
schools and other community resources with an integrated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
mental health services and supports, for children, family, and community members, which may include services provided within the school building. 
that assist students through school transitions, which may include expanding access to postsecondary education courses and postsecondary education enrollment aid or guidance, and other supports for atrisk youth. 
by the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the activities of each grant awarded under this subpart for activities described in this section; 
that receives a grant under this subpart to carry out a program of activities described in this section shall use the grant funds to— 
the program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds provided under this subpart for activities described in this section that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
purposes of improving instruction, classroom environment, professional development, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
and submit an annual report to the Secretary, which shall include— 
receives a grant under this subpart for activities described in this section shall collect data on performance indicators of pipeline services and family and student supports and report the results to the Secretary, who shall use the results as a consideration in continuing grants after the third year of the initial grant period and in awarding grant renewals. 
78. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, authorizes a Local Academic Flexible Grant in Title III, Part B of the House amendment. 
SR 2. The House repeals Title VI. HR 3. The Senate bill and House amendment 
both strike subpart 1 of Part A of Title VI. 
both strike subpart 4 of Part A of Title VI. 
as subpart 1. The House amendment strikes subpart 2 of Part A of Title VI. 
HR 6. The Senate bill allows SEAs and LEAs 
to transfer Title II Part A, Title IV Part A, and funding from the I–TECH program between program titles or into Title I. The House amendment allows funding within Title I to be transferred to other programs within Title I, but repeals section 6113. See note 5. 
The purpose of this part is to allow States 
and local educational agencies the flexibility to target Federal funds to the programs and activities that most effectively address the unique needs of States and localities.’’ 
of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and inserting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
State or local educational agency may not transfer under this part to any other program any funds allotted or allocated to it for the following provisions: 
makes a transfer of funds under this section shall— 
each State plan, or application submitted by the State, to which such funds relate; 
such transfer, submit a copy of such modified plan or application to the Secretary; and 
each local plan, or application submitted by the agency, to which such funds relate; 
such transfer, submit a copy of such modified plan or application to the State; and 
agency or local educational agency that transfers funds under this section shall conduct consultations in accordance with section [9501], if such transfer transfers funds from a program that provides for the participation of students, teachers, or other educational personnel, from private schools. 
amendment, authorizes a weighted student funding flexibility pilot program for LEAs. 
program as Title I, Part E, and redesignated Part E of Title I as Part F, and amend the language of the program as follows: 
under this section is to provide local educational agencies with flexibility to consolidate eligible Federal funds and State and local education funding in order to create a single school funding system based on weighted perpupil allocations for lowincome and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
agency that desires to participate in the program under this section shall submit, at such time and in such form as the Secretary may prescribe, an application to enter into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary in order to develop and implement a school funding system based on weighted perpupil allocations that meets the requirements of this section. The application shall include— 
actual personnel expenditures, including staff salary differentials for years of employment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that eligible Federal funds will be used with State and local education funds to meet the needs of students from lowincome families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are neglected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable. This should not be interpreted to require that every dollar a local educational agency receives under a Federal program be allocated to a student who otherwise would have been identified under that program, but should be interpreted to require that the weighted student funding system under this section will broadly serve the students and the purposes for 
agency developed and will implement the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, including charter school leaders (in a local educational agency that has charter schools), administrators of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, parents, community leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
agency will use fiscal control and sound accounting procedures that ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, eligible Federal funds consolidated and used under such system; 
agency will continue to meet the fiscal provisions in section [1118] and the requirements under sections 1120 and [9501]; and 
agency will meet the requirements of all applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consolidating and 
allocate substantially more funding to English learners and students from lowincome families, and students with any other characteristics chosen by the local education agency, than to other students; and 
received more perpupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for lowincome students and at least as much perpupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as the school received in the year prior to carrying out the pilot program. 
schools a significant portion, which percentage shall be agreed upon during the application process and shall include all school level actual personnel expenditures for instructional staff and actual nonpersonnel expenditures, of all the local educational agency’s local and State education funds, and eligible Federal funds; and 
school funding system, the local educational agency shall charge schools for the perpupil expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, including actual personnel expenditures for instructional staff and actual nonpersonnel expenditures. 
highpoverty school served by the agency received less perpupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for lowincome students or less perpupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners than the school received in the previous year; 
the perpupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff salary differentials for years of employment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State, local, and Federal funds for each school served by the agency, and disaggregated by student poverty quartile and by minority student quartile for the preceding fiscal year; and 
that has entered into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administrative purposes, from eligible Federal funds not more than the percentage of funds allowed for such purpose under any of titles I, II, or III, Part A of Title IV, or Part C of Title V. 
amount reserved for evaluation activities in section [9601], the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the relevant program office at the Department, evaluate the implementation and impact of the local flexibility demonstration agreements under this section, consistent with section [9601] and specifically on improving the equitable distribution of State and local funding and increasing student achievement. 
may renew for additional 3–year terms a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if— 
the local flexibility demonstration agreement is in the interest of students served under titles I and III, including students from lowincome families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are neglected, delinquent, or at risk. 
In this section, the term ‘highpoverty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the percentage of enrolled students from lowincome families.’’. 
8. The House amendment redesignates subpart 1 of part B of title VI as subpart 5 of part A of title I. Section 6202 in the Senate bill is redesignated to section 1230 in the House amendment. 
subpart 1 of Part B of Title VI as subpart 1 of Part C of Title V. 
9. The House amendment redesignates subpart 1 of Part B of Title VI as chapter A of subpart 5 of Part A of Title I. The name of the program is the same in both the Senate bill and House amendment. 
LC 10. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes changes to references in section 6211 for use of funds flexibility. The House amendment repeals such section. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that, should the current locale codes required under this part no longer exist due to being revised as part of improvements necessary to support Institute of Education Sciences statistical programs, the Secretary of Education work with relevant agencies to examine the impact of such revisions on rural school districts for various programs across all federal laws and consult, to the extent practicable, with the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives to discuss the impact of the changes.’’ 
HR 13. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes new eligibility language for educational service agencies. 
amendment, includes references for applicable funding for the Small, Rural, Schools Achievement program. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘Part G of 
Title V’’ and insert ‘‘[subpart 3 of Part E of Title IV]’’ 
15. The House amendment redesignates section 6212 as section 1231 of chapter A of subpart 5 of Part A of Title I. 
LC 16. The House amendment specifies a 0.6 of 
1 percent reservation for the Small, Rural Schools Achievement program. The Senate bill includes no such reservation, but authorizes funds to be spent equally between subparts 1 and 2 of Part B of Title VI. See note 
HR 17. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
spent on activities under Part A of Title II. The House amendment allows funding to be spent on activities under all of Title II. HR 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part A or B of Title IV. 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part G of Title V. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘Part G of 
Title V’’ and insert [‘‘subpart 3 of Part E of Title IV’’] 
make similar modifications to this provision related to the amounts local educational agencies receive, except the House amendment only subtracts the total received under subpart 2 of Part A of Title II and the Senate bill subtracts all funding for Part A of Title II, Part A of Title IV, Part G of Title V. See note 14. 
LC 22. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides a special determination for funding amounts for LEAs that are members of an educational service agency. 
HR 23. The Senate bill is restructured to include a new subparagraph with a heading. 
HR 24. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, provides a special rule for increased initial amounts subject to appropriations. 
25. Both the Senate bill and House amendment include similar hold harmless provisions, except the Senate bill includes a section reference and the House amendment includes different internal references. See note 11. 
HR 27. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR on language. LC on structure. 28. The House amendment redesignates 
subpart 2 of Part B of Title VI as chapter B of subpart 5 of Part A of Title I. 
LC 29. The House amendment redesignates section 6221 as section 1235. 
crossreferences to account for earlier restructuring of the program. 
LC 31. The House amendment specifies a 0.6 of 
1 percent reservation for the Rural and Low Income School program. The Senate bill includes no such reservation, but authorizes funds to be spent equally between subparts 1 and 2 of Part B of Title VI. See note 55. 
crossreferences to the eligibility and application section to account for earlier restructuring of the program. 
LC 34. The House amendment redesignates section 6222 as section 1236. 
‘‘shall be used for any of the following:’’ The House amendment refers to ‘‘shall be used 
for activities authorized under any of the following’’ when describing how grant funds will be used. 
LC 36. The Senate bill allows funding to be 
spent on activities under part A ofTtitle II. The House amendment allows funding to be spent on activities under all of Title II. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part A of Title IV. 
HR 38. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on parental involvement activities. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funding to be spent on activities under Part G of Title V. 
LC 40. The House amendment redesignates section 6223 as section 1237. 
LC 41. The Senate bill and House contain identical language for general information, except for references to ‘‘chapter’’ and ‘‘subpart’’. 
LC 42. The Senate bill requires program objectives and outcomes for how students will meet State academic standards. The House amendment does not, but requires a description of how the SEA, specially qualified agency, or LEA will use funds to help students meet academic standards. 
are identical, except for section references to account for a different structure. 
LC 45. The House amendment redesignates section 6224 as section 1238. 
LC 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that ‘if the report is submitted by the SEA, then it must describe the methods and criteria the SEA will use to award grants to LEAs. The House amendment requires the report to describe the methods and criteria the SEA or specially qualified agency will use to award grants to LEAs. 
HR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to ‘‘objectives and outcomes’’ when describing how progress has been met in meeting State standards. 
State academic standards’’. The House amendment refers to ‘‘State academic standards’’. 
HR 49. The Senate bill requires a summary report to be prepared by the Secretary of Education and submitted to Congress. The House amendment does not contain this provision. 
SR 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR on language. LC on structure. 51. Both the Senate bill and House amendment contain virtually identical provisions related to choice of participation, except for different section references. 
LC 52. The House amendment redesignates section 6231 as section 1241 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
LC 53. The House amendment redesignates section 6233 as section 1242 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
54. The House amendment redesignates section 6234 as section 1243 and makes technical changes to update section references. 
as may be necessary for reach of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021. The House amendment does not contain this provision for authorizations of appropriations. 
as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and insert ‘‘$169,840,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
minor change to a prohibition on Federal mandates, direction or control that applies to Title VI. The House amendment does not include this provision as it applies specifically to Title VI, but includes similar provisions in the general provisions of the Act. 
HR 57. The Senate bill maintains the rule of 
construction on equalized spending. The House amendment includes this language in the general provisions of Title I to reflect the restructuring in the House amendment. 
LC 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a review relating to rural local educational agencies at the Department of Education. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
through which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into account, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and characteristics of rural schools and rural local educational agencies; and 
of Education can take to meaningfully increase the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the Department of Education; 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives of why the action was not carried out. 
current law since they are included in the definition of Indian. 1. The Senate bill and House amendment 
have these programs in different titles. Senate is Title VII; House is Title V. 
HR 4. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes sentence at the end further clarifying the policy of the United States. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘school leaders’’ and insert ‘‘principals, other school leaders’’ 
HR 9. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes ‘‘Indian tribes and organizations and other entities’’. 
are similar except for different structures of purpose statement. 
LC 11. The Senate bill says ‘‘that are designed 
to meet the unique . . .’’ and the House amendment says ‘‘by providing for their unique’’ 
and section 1111 reference as it relates to standards. 
HR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 18. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes Alaska Native Organizations and specifically mentions Alaska Native children. 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, sets representation threshold at more than onehalf of eligible children and House amendment sets it at not less than onethird. HR 
HR 22. The Senate bill refers to ‘‘such tribe, 
HR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to add ‘‘and families members’’ after ‘‘parents’’. 
SR 31. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds language regarding Indian tribes or consortia for application purposes. 
HR 41. The Senate bill adds a reference to 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘meaningfully’’ before ‘‘collaborate’’ and insert ‘‘in a timely, active, and ongoing manner’’ before ‘‘in the development’’. 
SR 44. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘Alaska Native students’’. 
HR 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 47. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 48. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds Indian organization and Alaska Native organization and removes ‘‘if appropriate’’ before secondary school students. 
HR 50. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 51. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes ‘‘if appropriate’’ and adds ‘‘and Alaska Native’’ after ‘‘students’’ in clause (iii) 
HR 52a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 56. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 57. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the LEA to coordinate activities with other Federal programs. 
bill contain similar provisions related to outreach to family members, except the House amendment includes ‘‘adequate’’ and contains different crossreferences. 
HR 59. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain a provision related to using the funds only for activities authorized under this subpart. 
LC 60. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 61. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subsection for technical assistance. HR with an amendment to read as follows: 
shall, directly or by contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency or Bureau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance available under other provisions of this Act or available through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the services and activities provided under this subpart, including technical assistance for— 
this subpart, including identifying eligible entities that have not applied for such grants and undertake appropriate activities to encourage such entities to apply for grants under this subpart; 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘with special regard for’’ and insert ‘‘to be responsive to’’ 
HR 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 69. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 73. The Senate bill and the House amendment refer to different bill titles. 
LC 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 76. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR/SR to strike. 77. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a final report. 
SR 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 84. The Senate bill, but not the House 
contain different subsection letters to reflect prior House amendment changes. 
HR 88. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 89. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds Alaska Native organization. 
HR 90. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes ‘‘core academic’’ before ‘‘subjects’’. 
SR 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 92. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes ‘‘youth’’ after children. There are slight wording differences between the Senate bill and the House amendment. 
amendment, changes ‘‘tribal leaders’’ to ‘‘traditional leaders’’ and inserts ‘‘youth’’ 
SR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes the grant award initial period to three years. 
HR 97. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 98. The Senate bill includes ‘‘evidence demonstrating that the proposed program is an evidencebased program’’. The House amendment includes ‘‘information demonstrating that the proposed program is a scientifically based research program’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’. 
‘‘Purpose’’ rather than the House amendment title of ‘‘Purposes.’’ 
SR 102. The Senate bill makes ‘‘purposes of the 
section’’ singular rather than plural in the House amendment. 
SR 103. The Senate bill has ‘‘or Alaska Native 
105. The House amendment has ‘‘and Alaska Native individuals’’ after ‘‘Indian’’. The Senate bill has ‘‘or Alaska Native individuals.’’ 
LC. See note 0. 106. The Senate bill includes ‘‘to enable 
such individuals to become effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, administrators, teacher aides, counselors, social workers, and specialized instructional support personnel’’ after ‘‘individuals’’. The House amendment says ‘‘to become educators and education support service professionals’’ after ‘‘individuals.’’ 
LC. See note 0. 108. The Senate bill, but not the House 
workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation’’ and insert ‘‘ employment’’ 
have different types of institutions included after ‘‘institution of higher education’’. 
HR 110. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Bureau schools to be in a consortium, where feasible. 
HR 111. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC. See note 0. 112. The Senate bill and House amendment 
HR 114. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘tribal elders’’ and insert ‘‘traditional leaders’’ 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘tribal elders’’ and insert ‘‘traditional leaders’’ 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, in such 
manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and insert ‘‘and in such manner’’ 
HR 119. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an optional priority for tribally chartered and federally chartered institutions of higher education. HR 
chartered and federally chartered IHEs’’ and insert ‘‘Tribal Colleges and Universities’’ 
HR 122. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, specifies students in a local educational agency that serves a high proportion of Indian or Alaska Native students rather than ‘‘people’’ in the House amendment. 
HR. See note 0. 123. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, includes a section for tribal education agencies cooperative agreements. 
Senate bill, removes a reference to the authorization section. 
Senate bill, strikes explicit reference to IES and changes to ‘‘appropriate offices’’ and removes qualifying language related to the purpose of the research activities. 
HR 128. The House amendment adds a reference to the he ‘‘Office of Educational Research and Improvement’’ and the BIE. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘the Bureau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘Office of Indian Education Programs,’’ 
Senate bill, strikes current law secs. 7132, 7133, 7134. 
SR 130. The House amendment creates a Native language program in Section 5132 and the Senate bill creates a Native language immersion program in Part D. 
schools that use Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction; 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
efforts to maintain and revitalize their languages and cultures, and to improve educational opportunities and student outcomes within Native American and Alaska Native communities. 
under subsection XXX (National Activities for Title VI), the Secretary shall make grants to eligible entities to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support schools, including elementary and secondary school education sites and streams, using Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction. 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support the entity’s use of Native American or Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction: 
public charter school that is a local educational agency under State law. 
(as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). 
Alaska Native language to be used for instruction at the school supported by the eligible entity. 
local educational agency, tribal education agency or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing entity); 
(ii) the school’s accreditation status; (iii) any partnerships with institutions of 
or tribally designated long term goals for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
(ii) the school provides assessments of students using the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction, where possible; 
and leadership personnel at such school is sufficient to deliver highquality education through the Native American or Alaska Native language used in the school; and 
the public data relative to student achievement and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsecondary education or workforce development programs, of students who are enrolled in the school’s programs. 
(iii) An Alaska Native Regional Corporation or an Alaska Native nonprofit organization. 
the duration of each grant, which shall not exceed 3 years; and 
teachers and, as appropriate, staff and administrators to strengthen the overall language and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary which shall include— 
program and the number of instructional hours in the Native American or Alaska Native language; 
5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
See note 130. 132. The Senate bill includes a general purpose statement for grants awarded. See note 130. 
See note 130. 134. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 130. 135. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 130. 136. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar certification requirements. 
See note 130. 137. The Senate bill authorizes grants for 
three years. The House amendment authorizes grants for five years. 
See note 130. 138. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to try to ensure diversity of languages in the grant awards. 
See note 130. 139. The House amendment, but not the 
See note 130. 140. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, contains a provision related to administrative costs. 
See note 130. 141. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires grantees to submit an annual report to the Secretary. 
See note 130. 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, authorizes such sums for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
have different structure. The Senate bill, but not the House amendment, includes definitions and makes Tribal Educational Agencies eligible. 
HR 147. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to provide for an earlier provision in the Senate bill. 
after three years. The House amendment allows for a three year renewal after the initial three year grant. 
HR 149. The Senate bill, but not the House 
to the approval of the Secretary.’’ and insert ‘‘consistent with the purposes of this section.’’ after ‘‘carry out other activities,’’ 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘, in such 
manner, containing such information and consistent with such criteria,’’ and insert ‘‘and in such manner’’ 
amendment, adds a new subparagraph for evidence of agreement or capacity. 
and ‘‘Secretary is satisfied that such’’ 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
reference different sections of the Educational Amendments of 1978. 
HR 155. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, prohibits funds from being used for direct services. 
HR 156. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subsection regarding supplementing, not supplanting funds. 
SR 158. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds the Secretary of the Interior to be advised by the council. 
HR. See note 0. 160. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, adds a definition for ‘‘Alaska Native organization’’. 
HR 161. The Senate bill, but not the House 
through 2021. The House amendment authorizes subpart 1 at $105,921,000 for each year through 2019 and subparts 2 and 3 at $24,858,000 for each year through 2019. 
‘‘$105,921,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,381,000 for fiscal year 2017, $102,388,620 for fiscal year 2018, $104,436,392 for fiscal year 2019, $106,525,120 for fiscal year 2020’’ 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$23,558,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
163. The House amendment moves the Alaska Native program to Part B. The Senate bill includes this in Part C. 
HR 164. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 165. The Senate bill and House amendment 
HR/SR to strike the paragraph 166. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that the term ‘‘Alaska Native’’ be inclusive of all indigenous groups within Alaska and all Alaska Native peoples.’’ 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘,and to ensure’’ through the period at the end of the sentence. 
are similar, but use different structure and different descriptions of eligible entities. 
(ii) Alaska Native Organizations that operate programs that fulfill the purposes of this part. 
(ii) is granted an official charter or sanction, as prescribed in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native tribal organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
Senate bill, stipulates mandatory and permissible activities must be specifically in the elementary and secondary education context. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 171. The Senate bill and House amendment 
amendment, includes a subparagraph regarding early childhood parenting education activities. 
LC 175. The Senate bill, but not the House 
are similar except for different references to college and career ready in the lead in. 
177. The House amendment includes commas after students and the Senate bill says ‘‘students and teachers’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘peoples’’ 178. The Senate bill and House amendment 
Senate bill, includes a subclause instruction in Alaska Native history. 
amendment, includes a hyphen in Senate subclause (III). LC 
Senate bill, requires a focus on Alaska Native cultural preservation. 
SR 182. The Senate bill, but not the House 
(iii) to strike ‘‘holistic’’ ‘‘to enable such students to benefit from supplemental programs offered’’, ‘‘, school climate, trauma, safety and nonacademic learning’’ and insert ‘‘comprehensive’’ before ‘‘school or community based’’ and ‘‘trauma, and improve conditions for learning at home, in the community, and at school.’’ at the end. 
that funds used to support Native language immersion activities, immersion schools and immersion nests may include the establishment or operation of such activities, schools or nests. The Conferees further intend that these immersion activities, schools, or nests not be limited to high school programs but may include a student’s educational experience in elementary school or middle school.’’ 
and all that follows and insert ‘‘ increase connections between schools, families and communities, including positive youthadult relationships, to promote the academic progress and positive development of Alaska Native children and youth and improve conditions for learning at home, in the community, and at school.’’ 
SR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees intent that the term regional vocational schools include boarding schools, for Alaska Native students in grades 9 through 12, or at higher levels of education, that provide vocational or career and technical education.’’ 
HR 189. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 190. The Senate bill, but not the House 
through 2021. The House amendment authorizes $33,185,000 each year through 2019. 
‘‘$33,185,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$31,453,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
amendment, adds additional clarifying language to the Alaska Native definition. 
LC 194. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds definition of ‘‘Alaska Native tribe’’ and ‘‘Alaska Native Tribal Organization’’. 
SR 195. The House amendment includes a definition of Alaska Native organization. 
term ‘‘Alaska Native Organization’’ means an organization that has or commits to acquire expertise in the education of Alaska Natives and is— 
4 of the Indian selfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that is an Indian tribe located in Alaska; 
section 4 of the Indian selfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that is a tribal organization located in Alaska; or 
amendment, contains a definition of Alaska Native Regional Nonprofit Corporation. 
SR 197. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a section in improving collection, reporting, and analysis on Indian student data. 
SR 198. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a new section require the Secretary of Education to do a study on rural education in Indian country. 
SR 199. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new section requiring a report on the response to Indian suicides. 
LC. HR on title. 207. The Senate bill and House amendment 
HR 210. The Senate bill, but not the House 
are identical except the House amendment spells out numbers and the Senate bill uses figures. 
$34,181,000 each year through 2019. The Senate bill authorizes such sums through 2021. 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$32,397,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act not less than $500,000 for the grant to the Education Council under section 5303.’’ and insert ‘‘of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 $500,000 to make a direct grant to the Education Council to carry out section 6204’’ 
HR 242. The Senate bill, but not the House 
the Impact Aid program in Title VIII of the bill. The House amendment includes all Impact Aid changes in Title IV. 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘same challenging’’ in the description of State academic standards. 
HR 3. The Senate bill strikes the language in 
the FY 2013 National Defense Authorization Act requiring the changes made to Impact Aid in the NDAA to be in place for only two years. The Senate bill makes the Impact Aid changes in NDAA permanent. The House 
amendment makes such change in conforming amendments. See note 100. 
LC 5. The House amendment allows local educational agencies to use facsimiles or productions of original records, or when original records have been unintentionally destroyed, other appropriate records to demonstrate that the value of the Federal property in the local educational agency boundaries is 10 percent or more of all the property in the boundaries to determine eligibility for 8002 funds. The Senate bill includes no such language. 
reference to reflect the changed structure of the bill. The Senate bill makes no such change. 
LC 7. The Senate bill amends the Special Rule 
used in determining the taxable value for eligible federal property shared by two local educational agencies to allow the Secretary to calculate the value of such Federal property using a specific formula. The House amendment includes no such language. 
HR 8. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds new eligibility requirements for local educational agencies containing forest service land and serving certain counties charted under state law. 
fiscal year’’ and all that follows through to the period. 
the 10 percent federal property eligibility requirements for 8002 funds if such agency was eligible under the other eligibility requirements for 8002 funds on the day before enactment of the bill. The House amendment amends the special rule to enable local educational agencies to meet the 10 percent federal property eligibility requirements for 8002 funds if records to determine such eligibility were destroyed prior to 2000 and the agency received funds in the previous year. 
and enter ‘‘fiscal year after the date of enactment’’ 
10. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, enables local educational agencies who have consolidated boundaries with 2 or more former local educational agencies after 1938 to allow the Secretary to determine 8002 eligibility based on the eligibility of two or more of the former districts. 
SR 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes language to further specify the conditions a local educational agency formed by the consolidation of 2 or more former local educational agencies has to meet in order to be eligible for 8002 funds. 
and amend clause ii to strike ‘‘for FY 2016’’ insert ‘‘for the fiscal year following enactment and each subsequent fiscal year.’’ 
12. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes language to specify the amount of funds a consolidated local educational agency will be eligible to receive. 
SR 13. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, updates section references to reflect the changed structure of the bill. 
are similar, except the Senate bill applies the requirement to submit necessary data for payment calculation to fiscal year 2010 and any succeeding year and the House 
amendment applies such requirement to fiscal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the House amendment is authorized. 
LC 16. The House amendment repeals eligibility requirements for certain old and combined Federal property before 2000, and certain Federal property after 2000. The Senate bill maintains such requirements. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill refers to the section to be amended in a different way than the House amendment. 
LC 20. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, allows local educational agencies, when calculating payments for federally connected children, to include children enrolled in the local educational agency due to open enrollment policies, but not those enrolled in distance education programs who do not live in the boundaries of the local educational agency. 
language is identical, except the Senate bill is structured slightly differently. 
LC 22. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, updates section references to reflect the changed structure of the bill. 
are the same in structure with these Senate bill designations. See House amendment redesignations in note 38. 
LC 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes an option for an LEA to be eligible under this subparagraph if such LEA was eligible to receive a payment in FY 2013 and is located in a State that by law has eliminated ad valorem tax as LEA revenue. 
SR 27. The Senate bill structures this subclause differently than the House amendment. Under the Senate bill, an LEA is eligible under this subclause if it meets the requirements of items (aa) and (bb). Under item (bb), an LEA must meet the requirements of either subitem (AA) or (BB). Under the House amendment, an LEA is eligible under this subparagraph if it meets the requirements of items (aa), (bb), and (cc). 
are identical on tax rate. Note the reordering of this provision in the House amendment to match the Senate structure. 
LC 30. The Senate bill requires that, for eligibility purposes, an LEA has at least a 30 percent enrollment of federally connected children or at least a 20 percent enrollment of federally connected children and for the previous 3 years, a 65 percent enrollment of federally connected children who are eligible for free or reduced price lunch. 
for eligibility purposes, an LEA has at least a 20 percent enrollment of federally connected children and for the previous 3 years, a 65 percent enrollment of federally connected children who are eligible for free or reduced price lunch. 
purposes under this subclause, an LEA to have not less than 5,000 federally connected students who live on federal property and whose parents are either 1) employed on federal property within the LEA grounds; 2) an official of a foreign government; or 3) in active duty. The House amendment requires an LEA to have at least 5,500 of such students. 
HR 33. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a subitem that requires, for eligibility purposes under this subclause, an LEA to have a perpupil expenditure (PPE) that is less than the average PPE in the State where the LEA is located or the average PPE of all 50 states (except that an LEA with less than 350 students automatically meets this requirement), and a tax rate of not less than 95 percent of the tax rate of LEAs in the State. 
are identical in describing loss of eligibility under this subparagraph. 
are identical in describing the circumstances for loss of eligibility under this subparagraph if an LEA falls below the requirement to tax at a rate of at least 95 percent of the average tax rate of comparable LEAs in the State. 
LC 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision describing eligibility under this subparagraph for LEAs that have been taken over by a State board of education in the previous 2 years. 
are identical in describing circumstances around resumption of eligibility. Note this language does not appear in the House amendment because it was drafted as cut andbite. 
are the same in structure with these House amendment designations. See Senate bill redesignations in note 24. 
are the same in describing the maximum amount for heavily impacted LEAs. 
LC 40. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a title for the clause, subclause, and item. 
include the same policy to describe the student weight of 0.55 for LEAs with certain types of federally connected children. The House amendment uses slightly different language to describe this policy. 
are similar, except the Senate bill titles the item and adds ‘‘and shall be eligible for the 
student weight as provided for in item (aa)’’ at the end of the item to describe the student weights for students in LEAs who meet the ‘exception’ circumstances where a 10 percent enrollment of certain federally connected students is not required. The House amendment does not include this language, but the policy is similar. 
are virtually identical in describing student weights for LEAs with less than 100 federally connected children, except the Senate bill titles the subclause. 
are virtually identical in describing student weights for LEAs with more than 100 but less than 1000 federally connected children, except the Senate bill titles the subclause. 
LC 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 46. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 47. The Senate bill requires, to be considered a heavily impacted LEA for purposes of the subparagraph, an enrollment of at least 25,000, in which at least 50 percent of children are federally connected, and of that 50 percent, at least 5,000 students live on federal property and have parents who are either 1) employed on federal property within the LEA grounds; 2) an official of a foreign government; or 3) in active duty. The House amendment changes the ‘‘5,000’’ threshold to ‘‘5,500’’. 
are the same in describing the student weights for maximum amount calculations, except the Senate bill titles the clause. 
are identical in describing the data the Secretary will use for providing assistance under this paragraph. 
HR 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes specific circumstances for determining average tax rates for general fund purposes for LEAs for FY 2010–2015, and subsequent to 2015. The Senate bill also allows the Secretary to reserve a specific amount of unobligated funds from 2013 and 2014 to meet the requirements of this clause. 
include identical language to describe eligibility for heavily impacted LEAs affected by privatization of military housing. 
include identical language to describe the amount of payment for heavily impacted LEAs affected by privatization of military housing. 
are identical in defining ‘‘conversion of military housing units to private housing.’’ Note 
are identical in describing provisions related to payments to specified military bases. 
LC 56. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, describe provisions for calculating payments for LEAs that provide distance education programs. 
SR 58. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes’’ as the case may be’’ at the end of the subparagraph. 
are identical in describing ratable distribution of LOT payments. 
LC 60. The Senate bill includes a limitation on 
HR 62. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes language to describe how LOT payments are made when funds are sufficient to give a payment over 100 percent LOT. 
language to the Senate bill describe a limitation on the maximum LOT payment for a LEA. See note 60. 
LC 64. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to provide the LEAs tax rate and percentage LOT to each LEA. 
HR with an amendment to insert ‘‘compared to the average tax rate for general fund purposes of local educational agencies in the State’’ after ‘‘and the resulting percentage’’. 
65. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes a technical update to address earlier changes. 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment. 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment 
include identical language to describe when data from the fiscal year for which an LEA is applying will not be used to calculate the LEAs payment. 
title to ‘‘Students with Disabilities.’’ The House amendment entitles is ‘‘Children with 
in the subsection to ‘‘students with disabilities.’’ The House amendment uses ‘‘children with disabilities’’. 
LC 73. The Senate bill rewrites the Hold Harmless provisions to describe how payments will go to LEAs where funds are determined to be reduced by more than $5 million or 20 percent from the previous fiscal year. The reduction will be ramped down from 90 percent to 85 percent to 80 percent of what the LEA received in the year prior to any reduction, unless any of those reductions would give the LEA less than they are eligible for. 
harmless language ensuring LEAs receive no less than 90 percent of the calculated maximum amount for which the LEA is eligible in the previous fiscal year. The hold harmless is in place for 3 years. 
HR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, redesignates Ratable Reduction provisions for the hold harmless language when insufficient funds are available. 
76. Both the Senate bill and House amendment strike Maintenance of Effort provisions. 
replace Bureau of Indian Affairs with Bureau of Indian Education. 
LC 78. Both the Senate bill and House amendment strike language enabling the Secretary to request of LEAs any information the Secretary may desire in the 8002 and 8003 applications. 
LC 79. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes language enabling the Secretary to allow LEAs to count the number of children who register for the school year to determine LEA eligibility. 
SR 80. The Senate bill makes technical updates to references to reflect an earlier change. 
update a section reference, although the reference is different in each bill reflecting different bill structures. 
LC 82. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds a new eligibility option for construction payments. 
HR 83. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to update a mistake in current law. 
update section references, although the references are different in each bill reflecting different bill structures. 
update a section reference, although the reference is different in each bill reflecting different bill structures. 
add a new eligibility option for emergency and modernization construction payments. 
LC 87. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, limits the Secretary from limiting eligibility for LEAs that meet certain requirements, including LEAs where at least 40 percent of federally connected Indian children were enrolled in the prior year and in LEAs where more than 10 percent of the property is exempt from State and local taxation under federal law. 
HR 88. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes language enabling the Secretary to request of LEAs any information the Secretary may desire in the emergency and modernization grant applications. 
LC 90. The Senate bill and the House amendment update a section reference, although the reference is different in each bill reflecting different bill structures. 
LC 91. The Senate bill and the House amendment strike language enabling the Secretary to request of States any information the Secretary may desire in the State’s written notice of intention to include Impact Aid payments as State aid to an LEA for the purpose of state equalization plans. 
LC 92. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a technical reference update. 
LC 93. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes a reference to the Act of September 30, 1950 and accompanying related language. 
SR 94. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds Coast Guard to the definition of ‘‘Armed Forces’’. 
SR 95. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes a reference to Title VI in the definition of ‘‘Current Expenditures’’. 
amendment, updates the definition of ‘‘Federal Property’’ as it relates to land that is conveyed at any time under the Alaska Native Claims Settler Act to certain parties that meets certain tax circumstances. 
HR with an amendment to insert at the end 
97. The Senate bill and the House amendment update a U.S.C. reference to the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996. 
LC 98. The House amendment makes a technical edit, adding a comma, to the definition of ‘‘Local Contribution Percentage.’’ 
HR 99. The Senate bill updates the five authorization levels for Impact Aid programs to be such sums for fiscal years 2016–2021. The House amendment repeals the authorization levels here, but includes them in Sec 3 of the bill. 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$66,813,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $71,997,917 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,151,233,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $1,240,572,618 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘ $48,316,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $52,065,487 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,406,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $18,756,765 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘ $4,835,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, $5,210,213 for fiscal year 2020’’; 
to the FY 2013 NDAA to make the Impact Aid changes included within it permanent. The Senate bill also makes such change. See note 3. 
Senate bill, repeals Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note. 
Senate bill, changes all references in Title VIII to appropriate Title IV reference. 
1. The Senate bill leaves the general provisions in Title IX. The House amendment moved the general provisions to Title VI. 
2. The Senate bill uses the number ‘‘4’’ and 
the House amendment uses the word ‘‘four’’ in the title of the definition. 
have different methods for defining four year adjusted cohort graduation rate. The Senate bill refers to the 2008 graduation rate calculation and the House amendment provides 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
of students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
(aa) the fourth year of high school; or (bb) a summer session immediately following the fourth year of high school; and 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that the State shall determine requirements for both the regular high school diploma and for the Statedefined alternate diploma described in this subclause. Requirements determined by the state for the alternate diploma must be aligned to the State’s requirements for the regular high school diploma and should be reflective of the State’s requirements for a regular high school diploma with respect to satisfactory coursework completion or competency demonstrations that reflect professional judgment as to the highest possible standards achievable by such students.’’ 
awarded a GED or other recognized equivalent, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
which the student is expected to receive a regular high school diploma. 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
schools that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
school’ in Title VI. The Senate bill defines ‘‘charter school’’ in Title V. The language is slightly different but substantively the same. 
HR 5. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain different section references to reflect different bill structures. 
contain different section references to reflect different bill structures. 
contain different section references to reflect different bill structures. 
contain different section references to reflect different bill structures. 
of ‘‘core academic subjects’’ and the House amendment eliminates it. 
‘‘wellrounded education’’ means courses, activities, and programming in subjects including English, reading or language arts, writing, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, foreign languages, civics and government, economics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, career and technical education, health, and physical education, and any other subject as determined by the State or local educational agency, with the purpose of providing all students access to an enriched curriculum and educational experience. 
define ‘‘covered program’’ in different ways, reflecting different programs in either bill. 
11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, slightly amends this definition. 
SR 12. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, contains a definition of ‘‘direct student services’’. 
HR 13. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, modifies the ‘‘distance learning’’ definition and renames it ‘‘distance education’’. 
HR 14. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition of ‘‘dual or concurrent enrollment’’. 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment program’ means a program offered by a partnership between at least one institution of higher education and at least one local educational agency through which a secondary school student who has not graduated from high school with a regular high school diploma is able to enroll in one or more postsecondary courses and earn postsecondary credit that is transferable to the institutions of higher education in the partnership and applies toward completion of a degree or recognized educational credential. 
amendment, includes a definition of ‘‘early childhood education program’’. 
HR 16. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment includes a definition of ‘‘early college high school’’. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘transferable’’ and insert ‘‘that are transferable to the institutions of higher education in the partnership’’ 
HR 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
effect on improving student outcomes or other relevant outcomes based on— 
welldesigned and wellimplemented correlational study with statistical controls for selection bias; or 
based on highquality research findings or positive evaluation that such activity is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
by State or local educational agencies, regional educational laboratories shall provide technical assistance to such State or local educational agency in meeting the requirements of this paragraph. 
HR with an amendment to strike ‘‘instruction and enrichment in core academic subjects, other academic subjects, and other activities that contribute to’’ and insert ‘‘activities and instruction for enrichment in’’ 
21. The Senate bill and the House amendment have different methods for defining ‘‘extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rate’’. The Senate bill refers to the 2008 regulation and the House amendment defines ‘‘extendedyear adjusted cohort graduation rate’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
of students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics under section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
(bb) a summer session immediately following the additional year of high school; and 
Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’ intent that the State shall determine requirements for both the regular high school diploma and for the Statedefined alternate diploma described in this subclause. Requirements determined by the State for the alternate diploma must be aligned to the State’s requirements for the regular high school diploma and should be reflective of the State’s requirements for a regular high school diploma with respect to satisfactory 
coursework completion or competency demonstrations that reflect professional judgment as to the highest possible standards achievable by such students.’’ 
awarded a GED or other recognized equivalent, certificate of completion, certificate of attendance, or similar lesser credential. 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the denominator of the extendedyear adjusted cohort. 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the extendedyear adjusted cohort. 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
22. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a definition for ‘‘highquality academic tutoring’’. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a definition of multitier system of supports. 
term ‘multitier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evidencebased, systemic practices to support a rapid response to students’ needs, with regular observation to facilitate databased instructional decision making.’; 
Conferees that the full range of students’’ needs, including academic needs and behavioral needs, be addressed through a school’s use of a multitier system of supports.’’ 
24. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, eliminates the definition of ‘‘mentoring’’. 
bill update the definition of ‘‘outlying areas’’ in different ways. 
SR 26. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 28. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a definition for ‘‘Pay For Success Initiatives’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike the definition and insert the following: 
term ‘‘pay for success initiative’’ means a performancebased grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by a public entity in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes that result in social benefit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector. Such an initiative must include— 
uses experimental or quasiexperimental design or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; 
29. The Senate bill and the House amendment both include a definition of ‘‘professional development’’ but they are different. 
‘professional development’ —’’ and everything that follows through the ‘‘.’’ at the end and insert after ‘‘PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT—’’ the following: 
educational agency strategies for providing educators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and, as applicable, early childhood educators) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in the [core academic subjects] and to meet challenging State academic standards; and 
or short term workshops), intensive, collaborative, jobembedded, datadriven, classroomfocused, and may include activities that— 
achievement from multiple sources, including how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; 
(iii) allow personalized plans for each educator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
(II) strategies for improving student academic achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers; (vii) are aligned with, and directly related 
to academic goals of the school or local educational agency; 
(viii) are developed with extensive participation of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as applicable), and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
(ix) are designed to give teachers of children who are English learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appropriate language and academic support services to those children, including the appropriate use of curricula and assessments; 
training for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the use of technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy), so that technology and technology applications are effectively used in the classroom to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and academic subjects in which the teachers teach; 
their impact on increased teacher effectiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to improve the quality of professional development; 
(xii) are designed to give teachers of children with disabilities or children with developmental delays, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services to those children, including positive behavioral interventions and supports, multitiered systems of supports, and use of accommodations; 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
(xvi) create programs to enable paraprofessionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assistance under part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofessionals to become certified and licensed teachers; 
(xvii) provide followup training to teachers who have participated in activities described in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
(xviii) where applicable and practical, provide jointly for school staff and other early childhood education program providers, to address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness.’ 
30. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a definition of ‘‘regular high school diploma’’. 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
term shall not include a GED or other recognized equivalent of a diploma, a certificate of attendance, or any lesser diploma award. 
leader’’ is structured differently from the definition in the House amendment and contains specific references to ‘‘elementary school’’ and ‘‘secondary school’’. 
HR 32. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to optimum conditions for student learning. 
have a different structure for the definition of ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel’’. 
LC 34. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes school nurses, speech language pathologists, and school librarians in the definition for ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel’’. 
HR 35. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, updates the definition for ‘‘technology’’. 
SR 36. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a definition for ‘‘universal design for learning’’. 
HR Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees’’ intent that the term ‘‘universal design for learning’’ refers to efforts that reduce barriers in instruction, that ensure appropriate accommodations and supports, and that allow all students, particularly those with disabilities and English learners, to meet high academic achievement expectations. The term refers to a scientifically valid framework for guiding educational practice that provides flexibility in the ways information is presented, in the ways students respond or demonstrate knowledge and skills, and in the ways students are engaged.’’ 
LC 38. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes the requirement for States to demonstrate a majority of funds come from nonfederal sources. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
LC 41. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an additional use of funds related to fiscal support teams. 
42. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, strikes a reference to ‘‘including measurable goals and objectives’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, including program objectives’’ after ‘‘effectiveness’’ 
43. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes ‘‘nonprofit’’ from ‘‘public and private agencies’’. 
SR 45. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds an option for rural districts and educational service agencies to submit a consolidated plan. 
HR 46. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes the cross reference to State plans being submitted pursuant to current law section 9305 or separately. 
47. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes requirement for the private agency to be nonprofit 
SR 48. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for the local educational agency to request a waiver through the state educational agency and for schools to request waivers through the local educational agency who then may request it through the state educational agency. 
HR 51. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the Secretary to waive statutory or regulatory requirements for the state educational agencies, Indian tribes, or schools who submit a waiver pursuant to the subsection. 
have different requirements for the contents of the waiver applications. 
HR 53. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, maintains the requirement that the application describe how the waiver will increase the quality of instruction for students and improve the academic achievement of students. The House amendment includes a requirement that the application reasonably demonstrate how the waiver will improve instruction and advance student academic achievement. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘reasonably demonstrates that the waiver will improve instruction for students and’’ and insert ‘‘describes how the waiving of those requirements will’’ 
amendment, requires the entity seeking a waiver to regularly evaluate the effectiveness of the waiver. 
HR 55. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a provision that requires waiver plans to only include information directly related to the waiver request. 
, and, if the waiver relates to provisions of 
LC 57. The Senate bill and the House amendment contain similar language. 
HR 58. The Senate bill, but not the House 
‘‘LEAs’’ while the Senate bill refers to ‘‘any interested LEAs.’’ HR 
amendment, adds a requirement that the state provide this information to any LEA to the extent the waiver request impacts that LEA. 
HR 62. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘input’’ to clause (ii). 
63. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the States to describe how they addressed comments when submitting the request to the Secretary. 
SR 64. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds opportunities for comment in a reasonable time to the public and LEAs in clause (iii). 
SR 65. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 66. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘and the public’’ at the end. 
SR 67. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds reasonable opportunities for the State and public to comment on waiver requests. 
SR 68. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a peer review requirement. 
to issue a written determination regarding the approval or disapproval and the House amendment requires the Secretary to approve the waiver unless certain conditions are met. 
‘‘regarding the’’ and strike ‘‘submitted,’’ and all that follows and insert ‘‘submitted.’’ Initial disapproval of such request shall be based on the determination of the Secretary that—’’ 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘90’’ and insert ‘‘120’’ 
72. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes clauses (iii) and (iv). 
amendment adds a mention of ‘‘through the State educational agency’’. 
to provide detailed reasons for the waiver determination and permits the reasons to be posted online. The House amendment says the detailed reasons have to be provided at the request of the SEA. 
HR 75. The Senate bill, but not the House 
refer to the 60 day timeline in different ways. HR 
HR/SR with amendment to insert ‘‘ultimately’’ after ‘‘The Secretary may’’ 
HR 78. The House amendment contains ‘‘if requested’’ at the end of subclause (II). 
SR 81. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, removes the paragraph related to maintenance of effort. 
HR 82. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill removes the paragraph related to 
LC 85. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 86. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, shortens the length of possible waiver approval time from 4 years to 3 years. 
SR with amendment to strike ‘‘any criterion that specifies, defines, describes, or prescribes’’ and all that follows to ‘‘improve’’ and insert ‘‘any specific elements of’’ 
HR 90. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for the repeal of waivers. 
SR 91. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all State and local applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State and local plans. 
Note not needed. 92. The Senate bill redesignates current 
law section 4303 as section 9573, and updates references to early childhood. The House amendment repeals current law section 4303. 
HR 93. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all State applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II State applications. 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan disapproval process for all State applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated State plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II State applications. 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. 
State plans related to Part A are subject to Title I peer review. 
HR 96. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan approval process for all local applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated local plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II local applications. 
amendment, includes a provision for a plan disapproval process for all local applications and plans in the bill, including consolidated local plans. The House amendment includes similar language for Title II local applications. 
make different changes to participation requirements for private school children. 
STRIKE 99. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, adds ‘‘or their representatives’’. 
Senate bill, makes changes to expenditures, including adding provisions for obligations of funds and notice of allocation. 
SR with amendment to strike clause (ii) Report Language: ‘‘It is the Conferees intent to ensure that the agency shall provide services to eligible students under this provision in a timely manner to ensure such services will be provided in the year in which the funds were received by such agency. If the agency does not provide equitable services in the year in which the funds were received, such funds should not be redistributed for general use because such services were not provided.’’ 
have equitable participation provisions apply to different programs in the Act. 
reach an agreement, with appropriate private school officials during the design and development of the programs under this Act, on issues such as’’ and insert ‘‘. Such agency and private school officials shall both have the goal of reaching agreement on how to provide equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children,’’ 
HR 108. The Senate bill but not the House 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or representatives’’ and to insert after ‘‘indicate’’ ‘‘that such officials’ belief’’ (See EP #33) 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘or representatives’’ and insert ‘‘make a decision that treats’’ after ‘‘or did not’’ 
Senate bill, adds a 45 day timeline for complaints to be resolved by the states. 
SR 119. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 120. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a change to this provision for school prayer. 
HR 121. The Senate bill and the House amendment both include prohibitions on Federal government and use of funds, but include different language. 
the Federal Government shall, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
the receipt of any priority or preference under such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, or the receipt of a waiver under section [8401] upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adoption or implementation of specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this Act (including any condition, priority, or preference to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards). 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act 
122. The Senate bill and the House amendment include prohibitions on the endorsement of curriculum, but include different language. 
123. The House amendment includes a protection for local control. 
124. The Senate bill and the House amendment include a prohibition on Federal approval of standards using different language. 
Senate bill, contains provisions on prohibited uses of funding for construction, medical services, drug treatment, and other uses. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘title IV or 
Senate bill, adds a rule of construction on optin processes. 
SR 130a. The House amendment includes a reference to the bill title. 
LC 131. The Senate bill and the House amendment include a prohibition on federally sponsored testing, but use different language. 
HR 132. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 133. The Senate bill, but not the House 
SR 134. The Senate bill and the House amendment include a limitation on national testing or certification for teachers, but use different language. 
heading ‘‘, principals, or other school leaders’’ after teachers 
school leaders,’ after ‘teacher’; and’’ insert ‘‘, or other school leaders’’ before the period. 
136. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or incentive regarding’’ after ‘‘administration of’’. 
HR 137. The House amendment moves the prohibition regarding state aid and changes ‘‘title viii’’ to ‘‘title iv’’ to reflect a change of structure in the House amendment, but otherwise the provisions are identical. 
Senate bill, includes a provision on prohibitions regarding requiring state participation. 
SR 139. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on consultation with Indian tribes. 
HR to strike the Senate language and insert the following: 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native students, an affected local educational agency shall consult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes located in the area served by the local educational agency prior to the affected local educational agency’s submission of a required plan or application for a covered program under this Act or for a program under Title VII of this Act. 
educational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency a written affirmation signed by the appropriate officials of the participating tribes that the consultation required by this section has occurred. If such officials do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the affected local educational agency shall forward documentation that such consultation has taken place to the State educational agency. 
tribal leaders or officials designated in writing by an Indian tribe for this specific consultation purpose. 
amendment, includes a provision on competitive grants applications from BIE. 
SR 141. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on outreach and technical assistance for rural local educational agencies. 
HR 142. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a provision on consultation with the governor. 
include provisions to protect local control, but use different language. 
HR 144. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment includes a rule of construction regarding travel to and from school. 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding abortion and schoolbased health centers. 
Senate bill, includes a provision regarding state control over standards. 
other specific standards,’’ and insert ‘‘or otherwise revise their standards.’’ 
147. The Senate bill and the House amendment include similar provisions, except that the House amendment adds ‘‘as prescribed under section 1401.’’. 
Senate bill, includes a provision for peer review to relate to the whole bill. 
Senate bill, includes a provision for reduction in federal spending. 
Senate bill, includes findings and a sense of Congress on protecting student privacy. 
Senate bill, includes a provision for States retaining rights and authorities they do not expressly waive. 
Senate bill, contains a provision on reallocation among the states. 
Congress that State and local officials should be consulted and made aware of the requirements that accompany participation in activities authorized under this Act prior to a State or local educational agency’s request to participate in such activities. 
Senate bill, contains a definition for State with a biennial legislature. 
Senate bill, contains a provision related to the intent of Congress. 
Secretary to ensure that grantees understand their responsibility to protect student privacy. The Senate bill does not include this provision in this title. 
Senate bill, eliminates current law section 9532 regarding ‘‘Unsafe School Choice Option.’’ 
HR 158. The Senate bill and the House amendment include a part on Evaluations, but include different provisions. 
evaluations, studies, and dissemination. The House amendment just allows these things. 
make evaluating effects and efficiencies of programs allowable, but use different structures. 
allow funds to be used to increase evaluation usefulness, but use different language. 
HR 162. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, allows funds to assist grantees in collecting and analyzing data related to evaluations. 
both require an evaluation plan, but use different language around the requirements. 
Assessment of Title I funds to go directly to this section, and excludes other Title I funds to be reserved for evaluation. The House amendment prohibits the reservation of Title I funds. 
HR 165. The Senate bill, but not the House 
contain similar language related to evaluation activities authorized elsewhere, but the House amendment includes ‘‘other than Title I’’ and refers to ‘‘or project’’ in two places. 
several sections of current law in Title VI, General Provisions 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education 
Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any succeeding regulations; and 
the prosecutor with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct has investigated the allegations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law; 
agent has been charged with, and exonerated of, the alleged misconduct; or 
been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the information was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regulation, or policy that provides, greater or additional protections to prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual misconduct regarding a minor or student in violation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. 
amendment, includes the State in addition to the State educational agency and local educational agency in the prohibition. 
See note 168. 170. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that any State, State educational agency, or local educational agency that receives funds under this Act have laws, regulations, or policies in place to prohibit assisting in the transfer. 
See note 168. 171. The House amendment, but not the 
Senate bill, makes a local educational agency or State educational ineligible for funds under this Act if they ‘‘knowingly facilitate’’ a transfer of an employee. 
See note 168. 172. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes contractors or agents in addition to school employees. See note 168. 
amendment, uses the phrase ‘‘knows or recklessly disregards credible information indicating’’. 
See note 168. Report Language: ‘‘As used in section 8546, 
Prohibition on Aiding and Abetting Sexual Abuse, the phrase ‘‘has probable cause to believe’’ means that the person knows facts that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that a school employee, contractor, or agent has previously engaged in, or is currently engaging in sexual misconduct.’’ 
Senate bill, uses the phrase ‘‘knowingly facilitates the transfer of’’. 
See note 168. 175. The Senate bill, but not the House 
See note 168. 176. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a prohibition on secretarial authority to mandate, direct, or control specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency. 
See note 168. 177. The Senate bill, not the House amendment, has a rule of construction regarding State’s rights and laws. 
Title VII for ‘‘Homeless Education’’. The Senate bill merges ‘‘Homeless Education’’ with ‘‘Other Laws’’ and ‘‘Miscellaneous’’ in Title X. 
refer to the paragraph to be amended in the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act in different ways. 
use different language when referring to State and local educational agencies. 
LC 5. The Senate bill includes the word ‘‘challenging’’ as it relates to State academic standards. 
make different references to the Act to be amended. 
SR 10. The Senate bill authorizes a 0.1 percent 
SR 18. The Senate bill creates a new paragraph 
SR 19. The House amendment makes a technical change to change a reference to ‘‘Grants’’ to ‘‘Grant funds from a grant made to a State’’. 
HR 20. The Senate bill adds ‘‘and youths’’ as it 
make similar changes to this required use of funds, but the Senate bill changes ‘‘or’’ to ‘‘including.’’ 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘for the Office’’ to clarify what entity the described duties in the subtitle are for. 
activities to include professional development opportunities for the homeless liaison and other local educational agency personnel to better identify and respond to the needs of homeless children and youth. 
word ‘‘sums’’ and inserts ‘‘grant funds under this subsection’’ to describe funds made available under the subtitle. The House amendment makes a technical edit to a reference to account for a previous change. 
to a reference to account for a previous change. 
State may use funds available for State activities—after it distributes subgrants to local educational agencies. 
SR 27. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes a technical change to remove a reference to a section that no longer exists in the amendment. 
SR 28. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, makes a technical edit to a reference to account for a later change. 
HR 29. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, makes the report on separate schools and local educational agencies an annual report as opposed to a onetime report. HR 
30. The House amendment adds a requirement in the annual report for the Secretary to review homeless students’ educational progress under the States academic standards for those students who are in separate schools. 
LC 35. The Senate bill, but not the House 
HR 36. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes ‘‘support’’ before services. 
HR 37. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths in each State to conduct monitoring of the local educational agencies to ensure compliance with various requirements, in addition to providing them technical assistance. 
refer to the local educational agency liaison by differing terms. 
HR 39. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths in each State to provide training for local educational agency personnel and the local educational agency liaison on the definitions of terms related to homelessness throughout the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, and provide training on the definitions of terms related to homelessness specified in sections 103, 401, and 725 to the liaison’’ after youths 
are similar, except the Senate bill offers additional clarifying language on how the provision relates to unaccompanied youths. 
qualifying language to this paragraph to describe how a State will submit a plan in order to be eligible for funds. 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘challenging’’ in describing State academic standards. 
school personnel who must be included in programming intended to heighten awareness of the specific needs of homeless children and youths. 
HR with amendment to insert ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘school leaders’’ 46a. The Senate bill, but not the House 
homeless youths’’ and inserts ‘‘of homeless children and youths, including such children and youths who are runaway and homeless youths;’’ 
LC 50. The Senate bill includes language requiring that homeless children have access to ‘‘the same’’ State and local public preschool programs as other children in the State and adds qualifying language on how the same access for homeless children will be achieved. The House amendment requires homeless children have ‘‘equal’’ access to public preschool programs as other children. 
SR with an amendment to strike ‘‘equal’’ 51. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires that States implement policies and practices to ensure that homeless youths and youths separated from public schools receive appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school as an example of how homeless youths are accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services. 
services, including by identifying and removing barriers that prevent youths described in this clause from receiving appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local and school policies. 
amendment, includes specific types of Federal, State, or local education programs in which the State must ensure homeless children are able to participate, if such programs are available at the State or local levels. 
and in clause (iii) from ‘‘are able’’ and all that follows and insert the following: 
and extracurricular activities, including magnet school, summer school, career and technical education, advanced placement, online learning opportunities, and charter school programs, if such programs are available at the State and local levels 
Report Language: ‘‘When considering barriers, the Conferees intend for homeless students to be afforded the same opportunities to participate in academic and extracurricular activities as other students, but not for policies to be applied to homeless students who do not meet relevant eligibility criteria for such activities. Academic and extracurricular activities should make every effort to offer opportunities to homeless students by revising the policies and procedures that create barriers specifically related to the students’ homelessness and not to other factors that may compromise program integrity.’’ 
amendment, requires States to describe procedures to ensure State and local policies and practices are adopted to promote homeless children and youths’ academic success. 
amendment, includes examples to specific barriers to the enrollment and retention of homeless youths. 
HR with amendment to strike ‘‘State, including’’ and all that follows and insert the following: 
and retention due to outstanding fees and fines, or absences. 
assurances the homeless liaison will have sufficient training and time to carry out required duties. 
clarifying language that a homeless child’s school of origin may include a preschool. 
LC 62. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes an additional requirement for the State to describe how homeless youths will receive assistance from counselors to improve college readiness. 
LC 67. The Senate bill adds ‘‘or (in the case of 
an unaccompanied youth) the youth’’ to clarify to whom the presumption applies when discussing the best interest of an unaccompanied youth. 
‘‘studentcentered’’ when discussing the factors related to a child’s best interest. The Senate bill and House amendment contain different language with the same intention as it relates to giving priority to the request of a parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth. 
a local educational agency determines that it is not in the child or youth’s best interest to attend the school of origin, the local educational agency must provide a written explanation in a manner and form understandable to parents, guardians, or an unaccompanied youth and information regarding the right to appeal the decision. The Senate amendment requires such information to be provided after already sending a child or youth to the new school. SR 
an unaccompanied youth’s views to be considered and taken into account when determining such youth’s best interest. The House amendment requires such youth’s views to be prioritized. 
records’’ when describing the relevant health records needed to be obtained for an enrolling homeless child or youth and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’. 
SR 75. The Senate bill contains clarifying language regarding who shall be referred to the homeless liaison in the case of unaccompanied youths. 
records’’ in describing records in the subparagraph and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’. 
SR 77. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, expands the enrollment disputes process to apply to disputes over eligibility for enrollment. 
amendment, includes language clarifying that enrollment in a public school includes a public preschool. 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes clarifying language around how the clause applies to unaccompanied youth and that decisions related to school selection and enrollment will require a written explanation be provided to parents, guardians, or an unaccompanied youth. 
LC 83. The Senate bill includes this as a new 
LC 84. The Senate bill contains language clarifying language that information on a homeless student’s living situation should be treated as a student education record, and not directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act. The House amendment includes similar language, and clarifies that information will not be released to certain individuals, per specific regulations. 
as directory information’’ and insert ‘‘and shall not be deemed directory information’’ 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘, including a preschool’’ before the period at the end. 
are similar, except the Senate bill uses different language to describe how a receiving school is a school of origin and does not include ‘‘for all feeder schools’’ at the end of the clause. 
SR 88. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes an additional requirement for schools to ensure homeless children and youth are held to the same State academic standards to which other students are held. 
require that homeless children and youth are provided comparable services, including transportation. The Senate bill clarifies that such transportation may include transportation to a preschool. 
SR 90. The Senate bill includes access to charter and magnet school programs as examples of comparable services homeless students must receive. 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes transportation and transfer of records as examples of interdistrict activities rather than as two separate categories. The Senate bill structures the clause differently than the House amendment. 
are virtually identical, except the House amendment includes a comma after ‘‘access to’’ and before ‘‘available’’ 
are similar, except the Senate bill does not include a reference to section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill includes specific references to other laws where services for homeless youth are also provided to which such youth should have access. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘families and homeless children and youths’’ and the House amendment uses ‘‘families, children, and youths’’. 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘challenging’’ to the description of State academic standards.The House amendment also includes ‘‘and practices’’ after ‘‘policies’’ as it relates to required access to secondary education and support services. 
youths to obtain assistance to receive verification of homelessness for FAFSA eligibility. The House amendment requires that unaccompanied youths receive verification as homeless for FAFSA eligibility. 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘who are in secondary school’’ in describing the homeless youth who must be informed of the duties of the homeless liaison. 
use virtually identical language to describe the annually required list of liaisons on the State website. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill includes a reference to ‘‘information and data’’ needed to meet a requirement in another subsection. The House amendment just refers to ‘‘data’’. 
SR 116. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a new subparagraph requiring homeless liaisons to participate in professional development as determined appropriate by the State coordinator. The House amendment includes no such requirement. 
SR 117. The Senate bill allows homeless liaisons or members of the personnel of a local educational agency who receive appropriate training to certify a child who is eligible for McKinney Vento services under this Act, or a parent or family of such a child or youth, as eligible for services under Title IV of McKinney Vento. 
amendment, removes ‘‘that receives assistance under this subtitle’’ to require all 
States to review and revise policies that may act as barriers to the enrollment of homeless children and youths in schools. The Senate bill adds reviewing and revising policies related to identification of homeless children and youths. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘identification of homeless children and youth or’’ before ‘‘enrollment’’ 
LC 120. The Senate bill adds language expanding requirements regarding special attention to ensure a focus on identification of homeless children and youth who are not currently attending school. 
contain different section titles and refer to McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act in different ways. 
are virtually identical, except Senate bill adds ‘‘of homeless children and youth’’ after ‘‘identification of’’. 
(iii), which requires McKinneyVento funds to be used to expand or improve services as part of a regular academic program, but not to replace such services. The Senate bill maintains such clause. 
clarifying edit, and the House amendment includes no such edit. 
that subgrant applicants will spend not less than 90 percent of the local educational agency’s combined fiscal effort per student or aggregate expenditures of that agency and the State from the previous year. The House amendment eliminates such maintenance of effort provision. 
include similar provisions, except the Senate bill includes a references to ‘‘information and data requested by the State Coordinator’’ and the House amendment only refers to ‘‘data requested by the State coordinator’’. 
SR 129. The Senate bill requires that subgrantees assure they will meet all local educational agency requirements. The House amendment requires that subgrantees assure they will remove barriers to local educational agency compliance with removing barriers to identifying, enrolling, and retaining homeless youth. 
Senate bill, includes a technical edit to address a later change in removing authorization levels. 
HR 131. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, changes a reference to ‘‘preschool’’ to ‘‘early childhood education and other preschool programs’’. HR 
Senate bill, requires that when determining the quality of an application, the State educational agency consider how local educational agencies applying for funds will leverage resources by maximizing nonsubgrant funding for the homeless liaison position and providing transportation. 
are identical, except the reference to section 1113 is different. 
are similar, except the House amendment strike ‘‘case management or related’’. 
are similar, except the Senate bill adds ‘‘challenging’’ to describe State academic standards. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill appears to have a technical drafting error. 
are similar, except the Senate bill refers to ‘‘other health records’’ and the House amendment refers to ‘‘other required health records’’ when describing required transferring records for homeless students. 
are similar, except the Senate bill includes ‘‘and guardians’’ after ‘‘education and training to the parents’’ and an additional technical clarification in the latter phrase of the paragraph. 
are virtually identical, except the Senate bill uses ‘‘or parental mental health’’ and the House amendment includes ‘‘and parental mental health’’. 
SR 150. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, amends the paragraph to expand the provision of emergency assistance 
enroll and succeed in school beyond just attending school. The Senate bill clarifies that school includes preschool programs. 
SR with an amendment to insert ‘‘and participate fully in school activities’’ after ‘‘school’’. 
are virtually identical, except in for how they reference the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act. 
Senate bill, includes dissemination of the required notice to program grantees. 
HR 153. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, refers to Technical Assistance in the subsection title. 
HR 154. Both the Senate bill and House amendment add technical assistance to the required activities of the Secretary. 
Senate bill, changes references to ‘‘applications for grants’’ to ‘‘plans for the use of grant funds’’. 
Senate bill, extends the period of application submission and grant distribution. 
are similar, except the Senate refers to supporting areas where documented barriers to education persist. The House amendment does not use the term ‘‘documented.’’ 
to develop, issue, and publish ‘‘guidelines’’, whereas the House amendment requires the Secretary to develop, issue, and publish ‘‘strategies.’’ 
to collect and disseminate data on homeless students not less than every two years. The House amendment requires the Secretary to collect and disseminate data periodically, but does not specify a time period. 
contain slightly different language referencing how the location of homeless children must be reported. The Senate bill only requires location reporting in cases in which the child or youth’s location can be identified. 
amendment, includes a technical edit related to a later change. 
SR 163. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, includes a technical edit related to a later change. 
SR 164. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, adds a requirement for the Secretary to report on the academic progress of homeless students, including progress on academic assessments, as well as the percentage or number of homeless students participating in such assessments, not less than every 2 years. 
technical reference edits not included in the Senate bill. 
1 and in paragraph 2, to strike ‘‘6101’’ and insert ‘‘8101’’ 
167. The Senate bill strikes ‘‘awaiting foster care placement’’ in the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
HR 168. The Senate bill clarifies that the term 
HR 169. The Senate bill provides for an effective date of the change to the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
for the purposes of the date of enactment for the change to the definition of ‘‘homeless children and youths’’. 
for this Act through 2021. The House amendment authorizes $65,042,000 for this Act each year through 2019. 
years 2016 through 2019’’ and insert ‘‘$85,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020’’ 
1. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, amends IDEA to repeal the definition for ‘‘highly qualified’’ as it applies to special education teachers. 
a special education teacher (including certification obtained through alternative routes to certification), or passed the State special education teacher licensing examination, and holds a license to teach in the State as a special education teacher, except that any teacher teaching in a public charter school such teacher meets the requirements set forth in the State’s public charter school law; 
(ii) has not had special education certification or licensure requirements waived on an emergency, temporary, or provisional basis; and 
D of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, as amended by title I, shall take effect on July 1, 2005.’’. 
that the requirement for a special educator to hold a bachelor’s degree can be met by a teacher holding any bachelor’s degree. The Conferees do not intend for the Secretary to require special education teachers to receive a bachelor’s degree in any particular subject or field.’’ 2. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes a Sense of Congress on transfers of teachers accused of sexual misconduct. 
that some schools and local educational agencies have failed to properly report allegations of sexual misconduct by employees, contractors or agents; 
of other students in other jurisdictions to sexual misconduct. 
local educational agencies or schools and child predators should be prohibited; 
should not facilitate the transfer of child predators; and 
agencies and schools to report any and all information regarding allegations of sexual misconduct to law enforcement and other appropriate authorities. 
3. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the Department of Education OIG contact information to be prominently displayed by all grant or subgrant recipients; the notification of Department of Education employees of their responsibility to report fraud; and the notification of applicants for grants or subgrants of their obligation to be accurate and truthful when applying for grants. 
SR with an amendment to strike and replace with the following: 
subgrant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) display in a public place the Department of Education Office of Inspector General hotline contact information so any individual who observes, detects, or suspects improper use of taxpayer funds can easily report such improper use; 
an assurance to submit truthful and accurate information when applying for grants and responding to monitoring and compliance reviews; 
4. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, includes requirements for monitoring and oversight. 
taxpayer funds authorized to be appropriated under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds, the Secretary of Education—. . . 
under such Act (and, if applicable, require the grantee to inform each subgrantee) of its responsibility to— 
General in the Department of Education as needed to help ensure that employees of such department understand how to monitor grantees properly and to help grantees monitor any subgrantees properly. 
5. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, prohibits states from requiring school districts that use ESEA funds to hire or pay the salary of teachers to use such funds to make contributions to pension systems beyond the normal cost, and defines ‘‘normal cost’’. 
HR 6. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, provides a Sense of Congress on First Amendment rights on the free exercise of religion. 
SR with an amendment to strike the provision and insert the following: 
It is the sense of Congress that a student, 
teacher, school administrator, or other school employee retains their rights under the First Amendment during the school day or while on elementary or secondary school grounds. 
amendment specify the definition of the term ‘Highly Qualified’ in other laws. The Senate bill includes the language in section 10201, while the House amendment includes the language in section 603, and they have different section headings. The languages of the provisions have only minor technical differences. 
OTHER LAWS. BEGINNING ON THE DATE OF THE ENACTMENT OF THIS ACT. 
428K, and 460 of the Higher Education Act to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall mean that the teacher meets applicable State certification and licensure requirements, including alternate certification requirements 
include similar language on Department of Education staff. The Senate bill includes this language as a standalone provision in title X of the bill. The House amendment includes the language in the general provisions of the Act. SR with an amendment to strike and insert 
See note 8. 10. The House amendment and Senate bill 
refer to the Department, ESEA, and the bill titles differently. 
See note 8. 11. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, refers to a timeline. 
See note 8. 12. The House amendment and Senate bill 
See note 8. 13. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, has a provision on reducing the number of Department employees. 
See note 8. 14. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 8. 16. The Senate bill and House amendment 
See note 8. 17. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, requires the report to describe how the Secretary reduced employees. 
See note 8. 18. The House amendment, but not the Senate bill, has two provisions on average salary of eliminated employees and FTE employees working on ESEA programs. 
See note 8. 19. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the report to show how the Secretary addressed report findings relating to FTE employees working on eliminated programs. 
See note 8. 20. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, requires the Secretary to prepare and submit a report updating relevant 
Committees on continued implementation of OIG recommendations concerning charter schools. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and to the public via the Department’s website, a report containing an update on the Department of Education’s implementation of recommendations contained in reports from the Office of Inspector General. The review shall include— 
of the Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘The Office of Innovation and Improvement’s Oversight and Monitoring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’; and 
amendment, provides for a GAO study of the current federally funded services and programs across all agencies with the purpose of benefitting children and how to best coordinate, organize, and integrate these programs. 
local educational agencies through four separate formulas that have been added to the law over time, and which have ‘‘distinct allocation patterns, providing varying shares of allocated funds to different types of local educational agencies or States,’’ according to a 2015 report from the Congressional Research Service. 
Federal government to determine if the four formulas are adequately delivering funds to local educational agencies with the highest district wide poverty averages. 
Grants and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the percentage of children included in the determination of grants to local educational agencies (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such children (number weighting). Both weighting systems have five quintiles with a roughly equal number of children in each quintile. Whichever of these weighting systems results in the highest total weighted formula child count for a local educational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
also said the number weighting alternative is generally more favorable to large local 
educational agencies with much larger geographic boundaries and larger counts of eligible children than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but potentially higher percentages, of eligible children, because large local educational agencies have many more children in the higher weighted quintiles. 
classified by the National Center for Education Statistics as ‘‘Large City’’, 47 percent of all students attend schools with 75 percent or higher poverty. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences shall complete a study on the effectiveness of the four existing title I formulas to deliver funds to the most economically disadvantaged communities. 
unduly benefit or unduly disadvantage lower population local educational agencies with relatively high percentages of districtwide poverty; 
produced by public and nonpublic entities examining the distribution of title I funds under the four current formulas; and 
amending or consolidating the existing formulas to better target title I funds to the most economically disadvantaged communities and most economically disadvantaged eligible school attendance areas. 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study conducted under this section— 
Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
means, such as posting to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or the Department of Education. 
amendment, provides for a Sense of Congress that it remains the sense of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon. 
HR 23. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, reauthorizes the Educational Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999. 
VII of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act. (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.).’’ 
SR 25. The Senate bill, but not the House 
amendment, contains a study on Native American language education. 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
and ‘‘Native American language’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990 (25 U.S.C. 2902). 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
education being provided primarily through the medium of Native American languages; and 
conduct Native American language immersion programs, including teachers of such programs; 
as such terms are defined by section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) that sponsor Native American language immersion schools; and 
or Alaska Native language and Native American language medium education, including scholars who are fluent in Native American languages. 
pedagogy, Native American language fluency, and experience of the principal, teachers, paraprofessionals, and other educational staff; 
rate, and other outcomes of students who have completed the highest grade taught primarily through such schools or programs, including, when available, college attendance rates compared with demographically similar students who did not attend a school in which the language of instruction was a Native American language. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall— 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
ZELDIN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
because of the number of Members wishing to participate this evening, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
as the House begins to consider and debate important energy legislation this week, I want to take just a moment to reflect on the opportunities America has in energy development. 
Our energy landscape has tremendously changed in recent years. Thanks to new innovative technologies, we have gone from a Nation of scarcity to one of energy abundance. Our new and existing natural resources have created jobs, lowered energy costs, and spurred new investments in manufacturing and chemical industries. 
Today the United States has an opportunity to take advantage of this era of energy abundance. Congress must first ensure our laws reflect this new energyabundant era so that we can fully harness our potential as the world’s dominant energy superpower. The legislation we are considering this week will allow our country to do just that. 
Unfortunately, the rules and regulations coming out of this administration conflict with this type of energy independent and secure vision. Most concerning is the Office of Surface Mining’s proposed rule to further regulate the coal mining industry, which has already lost more than 40,000 jobs since 2011. If the administration allows this rule to go into effect, an additional 40,000 to 78,000 coal mining jobs will be at risk. 
this regulation will amend or modify 475 existing rules and add new rules on top of that. Make no mistake about it. This is not an effort to protect streams. It is an effort to regulate the coal mining industry out of business. In fact, between 95 and 100 percent of coal operations occurring in the States that account for almost 75 percent of the Nation’s coal production have no offsite impacts. 
This rule means increased energy costs for families and small businesses. At least 22 States, including mine, Ohio, rely on coal for their primary fuel source. Not surprisingly, these States’ 
electricity prices are well below the national average. I fear, however, that will no longer be the case if we allow this rule to go into effect. 
forced to pay more for their energy bills instead of hiring additional employees. Families will be forced to make tougher decisions as well, like paying the increasing electric bill or putting food on the table, clothes on the kids, and providing for their education. 
is stagnant and the economy remains mired by sluggish economic growth. We need to be enacting policies that encourage an economic recovery, not promoting further stagnation by shutting down access to America’s most abundant and lowest cost energy resource. What is worse, this is not the only regulation currently threatening our energy security, reliability, and low electricity costs. 
The Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Power Plan will also change how we generate, distribute, and consume electricity by forcing States to comply with CO2targets through a 
It is for this reason I will be voting in 
favor of S.J. Res. 23 and 24 this week. These resolutions of disapproval send a clear message to the President that a majority of the Senate, the House, and America do not approve of higher electricity prices and an unreliable electric grid. 
ingenuity and resourcefulness. Unlike the stream protection rule and the Clean Power Plan, H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act, will encourage that entrepreneurial spirit, not hinder it. 
of manufacturing where new innovative products are designed and built right here in America, and it will keep America in our rightful place as a leader in the global economy. 
I am proud to support this legislation, which the House will be considering this week. H.R. 8 will modernize our energy infrastructure, protect the electricity grid and the delivery system, improve energy efficiency, and strengthen our energy diplomacy. 
Based on language that I have introduced and that previously passed the House with bipartisan support, this legislation includes a streamlined process for natural gas export projects currently pending before the Department of Energy. 
America’s standing as a worldclass exporter of natural gas, create tens of thousands of new jobs, add billions to our economy, and help our allies abroad by providing a reliable source of energy. 
Order that will highlight the House’s approach to a truly alloftheabove domestic energy strategy, a strategy that 
focuses on a secure and reliable energy sector with affordable electricity rates for hardworking taxpayers as well as small businesses. 
from the great State of Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
my friend from Ohio for the opportunity to be able to provide some remarks this evening. 
production and coalfired electric generation is experiencing regulatory and legal obstacles at every turn. In 2008, the President famously outlined an energy vision in which he stated, ‘‘So if someone wants to build a coalfired power plant, they can. It is just that it will bankrupt them.’’ There is no ambiguity in that statement. The administration is certainly not seeking to encourage coal production. Indeed, it is just the opposite. 
The Environmental Protection Agency just finalized its socalled Clean Power Plan, a carbon emissions rule that will force States to submit complex plans to meet federally mandated emission goals. The EPA estimates the annual cost of this rule to be anywhere from $5.5 billion to $8.8 billion annually, but other credible estimates are much higher, ranging from $366 billion to $479 billion from 2017 to 2031. 
Now, why is this important? Oftentimes, when we are talking about fees about taxes that are going to be applied, we assume that someone else gets to pay them. Here is the real reality: These costs are being shouldered by hardworking Americans who will see their energy bills increase. 
people in our society, including senior citizens on fixed incomes and lowincome families who will have to make tough decisions in their already tight household budgets just to be able to heat their homes. 
Colorado, upwards of 500 coal mining jobs in Delta County, with wages and benefits exceeding 66 million, have already been lost and more are threatened due to anticoal lawsuits. Another 220 are threatened in Moffat and Rio Blanco Counties for the same reason. There is no shortage of examples such as these in the coalproducing States. 
clear. As Americans, people in Colorado, we want to be able to see blue skies and clear streams. Here is the opportunity for us to be able to demonstrate that we can create a winwin with the technologies in place. 
If you want to be able to see blue 
skies and a coalfired power plant, come with me to Moffat County, visit Craig, Colorado, to be able to see hardworking people in the coal mining industry and a coalfired power plant being able to do it the right way and being able to provide affordable electricity for the citizens at home. 
also laughably announced it will be reviewing whether the public is receiving a fair return on coal production when it is in the Federal Government’s own policies and the actions of its lawsuit happy allies that are actively suppressing the production of coal and its associated revenues. 
which cuts into the profitability of coal production and makes it less attractive to mine, while simultaneously pushing other policies like the Clean Power Plan that make coal less attractive as a power source will mean the death of the industry. 
are providing tax revenues that help support our children’s schools, help support the public library in rural areas like mine to be able to help provide the revenues that are needed for the volunteer fire departments to be able to provide that public assistance. 
are only a portion of the revenues and benefits that are generated by responsible coal mining. There are bonus payments as well, received at the time of the lease, as companies seek to outbid one another for the development rights. Again, higher demand will result in higher bonus payments. There are annual rental fees as well. 
State and local governments also accrue revenues through their own assessed taxes and fees on equipment and production, and the high wages of employees are definitely a boon to local economies. 
some $2.8 billion to Colorado’s economy and provides 64 percent of its electricity. While it is true that our energy portfolio is made stronger through diversity, coal can, does, and must continue to fill a vital role in that equation. 
a reliable fuel for baseload electrical generation. Its low cost equates to savings for average Americans on their monthly energy bills, an especially critical consideration, as I mentioned, for lower income families, for seniors and others on fixed incomes, and its abundance domestically contributes toward American energy security. 
have had, and I know my colleague from Ohio has as well, looking into the eyes of families that rely on the coal industry to be able to provide for their families. They will do it right. They will provide lowcost energy to be able to support this country and that allof theabove strategy. 
I look forward to a robust debate on the floor this week as we continue to push for policies that will secure all of the above when it comes to establishing American energy independence. 
thank my colleague from Ohio for this opportunity to be able to address an 
I am reminded that even this week our President is in Europe trying to advance his climate change agenda. I, too, was in Europe back in May, talking to some of our key friends and allies within the European Union. 
that some of our friends in Europe, in those countries, are actually going back to a higher mix of coal in their overall energy profile because their ratepayers, their manufacturers, their consumers, their small businesses, their residential customers have finally reached the tipping point where they are no longer willing to pay the exorbitant high prices for alternative sources of energy. 
Coal remains the most lowcost, affordable, reliable form of energy on the planet. It is essential that coal continue to be a part of our energy profile, along with oil and gas and nuclear and all of the energy capabilities that America has. 
from the great State of Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), my friend and my neighbor. 
Speaker, I would like to pursue an energy agenda that maybe makes sense for America, a AAA strategy of energy, to reach selfsustainability and secure America’s economic future. 
above strategy, let’s not turn away from an allbelow strategy that makes sense for America, is truly unique, and makes us totally energy selfsufficient—energy below that is abundant, accessible, and affordable; centuries’ worth of coal, oil, and natural gas that lie just below our surface; energy that makes America the energy envy of the world. 
Republican jobs or Democrat jobs, but red, white, and blue jobs—jobs that truly make us energy selfsufficient, jobs that let us rebuild our families, our towns, our churches, our schools, and make us strong again in the world, rebuild our national security. 
gentleman just referenced, our President is in Paris kicking off the Paris Protocol. Again, he promises to reshape America’s future through upsidedown policies, the cost of which will be beyond astronomical, according to Bill Gates. 
control Executive who has placed his legacy above the wants and needs and the safety and security of the American people, the people he serves. It is not the other way around. The Paris Protocol must be a treaty; it cannot be another executive agreement. 
Paris Protocol know that, without the advice and consent of America’s Senate, the hardworking American taxpayers’ moneys will not be squandered 
on an illfated agenda that the President lays forward. 
He sets timetables and targets—targets that are in direct defiance of America’s future, that are in direct defiance of America’s wellbeing, that are in direct defiance of America’s economic recovery. 
This is another example of a President who is not only out of touch, he is out of control. He has lost his vision of what made America great and what would keep America strong as the future goes on, about American jobs and about American selfsufficiency when it comes to energy. 
energy. What do I mean by ‘‘renewable’’? They renew our economy. They renew our towns, our communities, our families, and our future. This is the renewable energy that America needs. 
This is the energy that America has, and this is the energy that America needs to make the most of. 
LEEhave introduced a concurrent resolution, one that says no moneys that come out of the pockets of hardworking American taxpayers will be squandered on this agenda. Unless it comes with the advice and consent of the Senate, there is no agreement, 
there are no moneys, there is no way this President can promise other countries that these dollars will be coming. 
for holding this Special Order on a very timely issue and an issue that we must win if we are to maintain our national security. 
I thank my colleague very much for his passion on this issue. He understands it. As a current businessowner, he understands how important this is. 
I don’t just talk this; we walk it. We have actually gone into the mines with these people. You and I have seen communities that have been shut down, not just mines that have been shut down— communities that have been shut down, families that have been shattered now and scattered across the country, people that have lost jobs that were generational jobs. 
to using fossil fuels talking about how they would allocate taxpayer funds to retrain people in those communities like coal production communities. Well, my question is, where are the jobs going to come from to retrain them into? 
coal miners for generations, as Representative KELLY just talked about. I 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from the great State of Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), another 
Mr. Speaker, it is a real honor to join my good friend and colleague from Ohio here this evening. I thank him for hosting this Special Order on such an important topic: energy. 
first commercial oil well in Titusville, Pennsylvania, in 1859, energy production and natural resources have long been key pieces to our economy in the Fifth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, which I have the honor of representing. 
Since Drake’s well, we have been fortunate to produce oil, natural gas, coal, and various forms of renewable energy. We are also home to the world’s first nondefense nuclear reactor. 
Marcellus shale formation has been a game changer for Pennsylvania. The Marcellus formation contains upward of 500 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. This amount is more than enough to meet the current demand for nearly 100 years, if not longer. 
opportunities for the State and for local governments, as well as the creation of tens of thousands of family sustaining jobs throughout the region. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry, as of the fall of 2014, roughly 250,000 Pennsylvanians were employed by Marcellus shalerelated industries. 
industries remains constant at $94,000 a year, which is more than $43,000 greater than the average salary for all industries throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
means good jobs, both direct and indirect; lower energy prices for American consumers; and increased revenue for State and local governments. 
have right now in Pennsylvania is unnecessary processes and arduous Federal roles—regulations that are both ineffective and inefficient. 
natural gas to market. Specifically, we do not have the adequate infrastructure and pipelines to move this gas. A basic way we can address this challenge is by streamlining processes and reducing unnecessary red tape. 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This legislation will address these issues by accelerating the approval process for pipelines and hydropower projects. 
to designate at least 10 new energy corridors in the eastern United States to help prioritize construction. The bill 
also requires the Energy Department to make decisions on applications that have been submitted for the export of natural gas. 
this week on legislation disapproving the Environmental Protection Agency’s regulations on both existing and new power plants. 
the past several years by regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency regarding coal power plants. I have opposed these unrealistic regulations. 
shut down, it has a devastating effect which extends far beyond the men and women who are left jobless, to the trucking and mining jobs that are connected to it. Many of these are family supporting positions which communities have depended on for decades. 
I wholeheartedly support these resolutions disapproving of the emissions rules on existing and new power plants. The protection of our environment is an important goal, yet these regulations are not a solution. 
tonight. I am certainly going to urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on all three of the bills that will be before this body in the days to come. 
once again for hosting this important topic this evening. 
my colleague from Pennsylvania for those eloquent remarks on a very, very important subject. I know he has a lot of other things he could be doing tonight, but this is important to him, and I appreciate him being here to sound off. 
Whether we are talking families or businesses or schools, hospitals, you know, personnel, people obviously are first, but, after that, the second most important thing that people think about is energy and energy costs and having access to affordable and reliable energy. 
States of America with what we have been blessed with. We have been blessed with these energy sources, but we have also been blessed with the technology now in 2015 to be able to access those energy sources and to utilize them consistently as good stewards of this Earth and this environment. 
took a trip not too long ago from here in our Nation’s Capital to a conference meeting in Pennsylvania. We stopped at a little service station, a gas station owned by a veteran out in the middle of nowhere. In rural America, those communities are powered by small businesses. Small businesses can only 
and I live and much of Appalachia is a manufacturing belt, but a lot of that manufacturing has left because of the downward pressure from Washington, D.C., in regulations of all shapes and sizes, and now with a threat to shut down the very source of energy. 
that have come to me saying they have been approached by utility companies saying: Can you idle your plant for a day because we don’t have enough energy on the grid to be able to meet the peak demand in the dead of winter, in another polar vortex, or in the stifling heat of summer, when seniors and the elderly and the homebound are sitting in their homes either freezing or burning up because they can’t get their HVAC systems to work because of the utility prices or the energy on the grid. 
this in America. Our allies get it in Europe. China is not necessarily an ally, but it is building a new coalfired power plant every 9 days. Germany is 
building coalfired power plants. Belgium is returning to a higher mix of coal in their energy profile. We are going to be going over there again very soon to talk to more of our friends and allies across Europe about this very, very same subject. 
the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), my friend and colleague, who 
Our natural resources power this Nation and our economy. We have abundant, affordable resources that provide lowcost energy and give thousands of people goodpaying jobs. 
In my district of southern West Virginia, coal is struggling because of this administration’s anticoal regulations. The people who mine coal and the families who depend on coal’s paychecks are suffering. 
We are at a critical point in the war 
on coal. I know times are tough. I see it every time I talk to a coal miner or their family. 
will fight for coal each and every day. But the question is: Will we support jobs in domestic energy, or will we favor an environmental agenda at the expense of our economy and our communities? 
alloftheabove domestic energy strategy. We can use our resources to create jobs here at home, provide safe and affordable energy for businesses and families alike, and reduce our dependence on energy from unfriendly nations. 
have issued rule after rule that will decimate our industry—and the livelihoods of our coal miners. 
will lead to the loss of tens of thousands of direct mining jobs and hundreds of thousands of jobs linked to mining. Likewise, the EPA’s finalized regulations on coalfired power plants will hurt our economy and drive up electricity rates for our families, seniors, and small businesses. It sets unachievable emissions limits for our coalfired power plants and forces States to adopt different energy policies or else become subject to additional Federal regulations and a cap andtrade program. 
jobs, but it will increase utility costs for consumers and lead to higher household electricity bills for all American families. Our seniors, the middle class, and Americans on fixed incomes should not have to bear the burden of increased costs. Our economy is still struggling to recover. People are struggling to survive. 
fight against the EPA’s overregulation and overreach. On the House Appropriations Committee, I helped to secure a provision in the InteriorEPA funding bill that would prohibit funding for the rulemaking on power plants to proceed. I was an early cosponsor of Chairman WHITFIELD ’s resolutions to 
block implementation of the EPA’s coalfired power plant rule. 
the House to send President Obama and the EPA a strong message: No more attacks on coal. No more attacks on domestic energy. No more attacks on the people who produce energy. 
We will take up resolutions to disapprove of the EPA’s new regulations on new and existing coalfired power plants. We will also vote on a broad energy bill that will update our policies to allow America to take advantage of all of our domestic energy while strengthening our energy security and independence. 
Congress is standing up to this administration’s regulatory overreach. We must send a message to President Obama and his runaway EPA and end the war on coal. 
gentleman for his passion—as others have shared—on this very, very important issue. 
You and I live in a region of the 
country where we have to look into the eyes of those coal miners every single day. Oftentimes, the media talks about the coal industry as this abstract industry, that it doesn’t really have an identity. But it does. It is the heartbeat of our country. 
ago, with the majority of the energy across America provided by the coal industry. In Ohio, at that time, in excess of 70 percent of our energy came from 
coal. Coal has provided the innovative engine for America’s prosperity for generations—and for us to turn our backs on it. 
that I think the American people would like to know more about right now, today, almost $2 trillion—$1.8 trillion, to be exact—comes out of our economy every year in the form of government regulations. I heard a report not too long ago that new Federal regulations are coming out on the average of about 10 per day. It is a cancer that is growing, and the EPA is one of the worst, with no rhyme, no reason, little consideration, and total disregard for the lives that their rulemaking impacts. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Absolutely. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. You 
and I share the Ohio River. We both have actually been in the districts together. We both have seen on the faces of the people that we have the honor of representing the real impacts of this war on coal. 
I know each of us can come with a 
multitude of stories, but your remarks reminded me of attending one of these wonderful county fairs last summer. It was a year ago this summer, in Nicholas County, in my district. A middle school teacher came up to me and kind of put a face, again, on the war on coal, and said: ‘‘I remember earlier this year in our public school in Nicholas County when the principal came on to the intercom and said, ’If there are any kids whose parent lost their job this morning in the announced coal layoffs, come on down to the office and sign up for the free lunch program.’’’ 
Obama’s war on coal, to think that we have principals in our public school systems come and ask kids to come down because those rules and regulations just put them into the free lunch program. It is a stunningly tragic example of the impacts of this war on coal. 
neighbor from the great State of West Virginia, Representative ALEX MOONEY. 
is one of the last chances to save the coal industry in my State of West Virginia. There is no time to hesitate. We have to act now. That is why I am proud to have introduced my bill, H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act. 
took office, our unemployment rate in West Virginia went from the fifth lowest to the highest unemployment rate in the country. This is a direct result of the Obama administration’s continued war on coal, which is a war on West Virginia’s economy. 
Three months ago, the Office of Surface Mining, under the Department of the Interior, released its latest set of regulations that will cripple the coal industry not only across the country, but especially in West Virginia. 
Understand that the EPA, or the Environmental Protection Agency, already overregulates the coal industry. And now the Department of Interior, under this President, is doubling down and doubly overregulating the coal industry. 
this rulemaking, which is to fundamentally change the definition of a stream to include temporary puddles of water. Temporary ‘‘streams’’ are essentially ditches that fill with water after it rains. 
Mining Association estimates that these new proposed rules will kill as many as 77,000 coal jobs across the country. 
many of these jobs are going to come from. Between 5,000 and over 10,000 jobs in Western mining States will be lost here in this pink region. In the interior of America, the interior States, between 5,000 and 14,000 jobs will be lost. 
just mentioning how that affects families and how you have to make announcements at schools to come and support the children because of these totally unnecessary losses of jobs through these regulations. 
the area that I represent, West Virginia and the Appalachian region, we have between 30,000 and a little over 50,000 coal mining jobs that will be lost due to this new stream protection rule that the President is trying to impose. 
These new regulations would be catastrophic to the coal industry and all of the hardworking American families that depend on coal to keep their energy costs low. In my State, 90 percent of the power is generated by coalfired plants. If these rules come into effect, it will make it even more expensive just to keep the lights on. 
Obama administration successfully implements its radical environmental policies, the average American family will experience an increase in their home energy costs per year of $1,707 by the year 2025. 
This affects you and your home energy cost. Not only does it kill jobs in the coal industry, it will affect your home energy costs to the tune of $1,707 a year. 
$53,657 last year. The average family in West Virginia earned $41,059 last year, 
which is $12,598 under the national average. So this home energy cost increase will be detrimental for all Americans, but especially for West Virginians. 
increased energy costs will be devastating to those on fixed incomes, like the elderly and the impoverished. 
According to the Applied Public Policy Research Institute for Study and Evaluation, energy costs are adversely impacting lower income seniors afflicted by health conditions. This leads them to forgo food for a day, leads them to reduce medical or dental care, fail to pay utility bills or become ill because their home was too cold. 
This does not have to be the case. If 
we utilized the energy that our country is so blessed with, people would not have to make these tough choices. Instead, we see these hard choices become commonplace under the overregulation of this administration. 
Virginia asking to represent the people of the Second Congressional District in Congress, I promised that I would defend the coal industry. West Virginia and our country needs the STREAM Act to pass the House and Senate and be signed into law. 
Surface Mining and Reclamation Stream Protection Rule for almost 5 years now—actually, longer than that—because we know what happened 
they set their targets on and, through a series of exposing their flaws and inconsistencies in their rulemaking, we were able to stop it. But they have been persistent. 
sound off, and we need the American people to understand how this is going to affect them. 
make sure we assert is, you know, we have heard a lot of passionate talk about the coal industry, and you may hear even more before this Special Order is over this evening. 
But I want to make sure we understand we are talking about modernizing America’s energy infrastructure. H.R. 8 is called the Architecture of Abundance. Yes, it is about coal, but it is about much more than just coal. It is about modernizing our energy infrastructure, protecting the electricity system, strengthening energy security and diplomacy across the globe, and improving energy efficiency and, importantly, holding the Federal Government accountable for a real allofthe above energy policy that guarantees America’s energy, security, and independence. 
from the great State of Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), our majority whip, my 
thank my friend from Ohio, who also loves Boudin, for yielding and for bringing up this important issue of energy. 
jobs. When we come here on this House floor and talk about ways to get our economy moving again, ways to help Americans who want to get back to work, there is a very clearcut, commonsense answer to get our economy moving again, and that is just to open up more of the resources of this great Nation. 
us, Mr. Speaker, inscribed on the walls of this House Chamber is a plaque that starts off, that says, ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land.’’ It is on the House Chamber. 
his policies, through his radical regulations—every single day his unelected bureaucrats wake up figuring out more ways to close off those resources, to kill those American jobs. 
the House floor and tell story after story about things like the war on coal, these are real wars that this Obama administration is waging upon American workers. 
The war on coal is real. I have seen it 
in the eyes of coal workers when I went to my colleague’s district in Ohio. We sat out before a whole room full of coal workers, many of them multigenerational. These aren’t people who have their first job in the industry. For many of them, their father, their grandfather, worked in the coal industry. 
today, as I saw in Eastern Ohio, you see the look of fear, not because they face global competition. They can beat global competition. What they can’t 
beat right now is the barrage of radical regulations coming from the Obama administration killing American jobs. 
workers across this country, people who are part of the middle class today that the President loves talking about. Yet, that middle class dream is under attack by these policies. 
In fact, one of the other things I went out and saw when I was out in Eastern Ohio, was the Utica shale play, another example of great American ingenuity. 
is American ingenuity that is figuring out how to explore new areas of energy, to allow us not only to create good jobs in America, but to be completely energy independent, to export our energy to other countries, including some of our friends in the world, our allies around the world right now that have to get energy from countries like Russia, who use energy as a weapon against those very countries who would love to get energy from America. 
them? The President’s answer is to make it more difficult to create that 
this week, Mr. Speaker, the President is in Paris not to talk about ways to combat ISIS and the global threat of terrorism. 
The President is over in Paris talking about global warming. As people are walking around this town in parkas right now because it is so cold, the President is trying to focus on ways to make our economy in America less competitive globally. 
legislation to push back on those kind of regulations. One example is later this week, under the Congressional Review Act, we are going to be bringing up legislation to reverse President Obama’s new source performance standard. 
rules coming out of the EPA. One of the biggest threats to jobs in America is the unelected bureaucrats over the EPA who have another brilliant idea, again, dreamed up by people that are unelected, that now have a plan to actually make it more difficult to create electricity in America, not only more difficult, Mr. Speaker, but dramatically more expensive for hardworking taxpayers in this country to buy electricity. So we are going to bring up a bill on the House floor this week to reverse that radical regulation. 
As we bring that up, we are going to 
have this debate about something very specific in terms of a policy brought up by the President that is going to make it much harder for our country to be competitive, much harder for middle class families to achieve that American Dream, because it is going to make things more expensive for them, 
things that they buy, not just their electricity, but it cascades into all the other things that people buy when they go to grocery stores, when they go do their Christmas shopping. These are having real impacts on real people. 
taking on is the Department of the Interior right now, one of the other agencies of President Obama, coming out with a well control rule that is going to make it very difficult to drill for oil in the Gulf of Mexico, a place where we, through American ingenuity, have figured out ways to generate more energy in America that we can use not only to help our economy, but to help our friends all around the world. 
Using unelected bureaucrats, once again, to propose a rule that is going to make it more difficult to create those American jobs. 
from Ohio was talking about, this week we are also going to bring up a bill called the Architecture of Abundance, a bill to create more American jobs, to create real American energy security, again, to open up those natural resources that are being shut down by this President. 
economy back on track, you don’t need a team of economists to come in and figure out some new way to invent the wheel. 
right underneath our feet. In many cases, it is the energy that is trapped, not trapped by the lack of ingenuity, because Americans, more than anybody in the world, have figured out great ways to go and use technology, to go and get those resources, attract those resources, explore and then produce those resources. 
challenge every day is not the competition from other States, not the competition from other companies. It is the challenge of the threatening regulations from this Obama administration that are trying to shut those opportunities down. It has real impacts on real people, the coal industry, the oil industry, the natural gas industry, all across the board. 
looking to us and saying, ‘‘We want to trade with the United States,’’ we want to be able to buy the oil that America is generating, that we have now a surplus of and, yet, the President wants to issue a veto threat when we say let’s allow for exporting of oil, for goodness sake. 
are getting laid off in the United States, those middle class workers that the President loves talking about at photoops, who are being laid off because of his policies. 
got the expertise. We are the world leader, Mr. Speaker. All we need is for the right policies to unleash that potential, to unleash that opportunity, to create those American jobs. 
So as we have been talking about tonight, the House will actually be taking action—not sitting on the sidelines, not just criticizing, but taking action— bringing bills on the House floor this week to open up those opportunities for hardworking taxpayers, to create more middle class opportunities for people who want to be a part of this industry, but also to lower costs for these middle class families who are struggling under these tough economic times to be able to have more opportunities for themselves and their families. 
Hopefully, we will continue this debate throughout this week and throughout the rest of this Congress as we bring these good pieces of legislation to open up those resources again, as the placard says at the top of the House Chamber here, to develop the resources of this land so that America can be the world leader in energy. 
from countries who don’t like us, but we can actually export and create more job opportunities and help our allies around the world by undermining countries like Iran and Russia and others 
I look forward to continuing this debate. I am so proud to be a part of this effort in the House to create more energy opportunities in America. 
has a very rich heritage, a rich legacy of energy production, both onshore and offshore. And so you have lived it. The people that you represent live it every day. I thank you for your passion on this issue as well. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 9 minutes remaining. 
seeing as there are no further Members to speak this evening, I will summarize. 
power had provided the energy for America’s innovative engine for generations. We have now got new energy resources that have become available to us. 
Members can—where they were the day that Neil Armstrong stepped foot out on the Moon. I am reminded of the excitement and the energy that we felt, the enthusiasm, the pride that we felt, when President John F. Kennedy announced that we were going to put a man on the Moon within the next decade. 
made that statement. It didn’t take us until the end of the decade. We did it in 1969. 
a result of that. Every institution in America—academia, the medical industry, and the scientific community—everyone got behind the Moon race. 
struggling to get its feet underneath us in light of the staggering pressure from Federal regulations from the likes of the EPA, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, the Interior, and so forth. Imagine what would happen if we had an allofthe above energy policy that sounded something like this: starting today, we are going to set a goal to become energy independent and secure by the year 2020. That is only 5 short years from now. 
progress. We are going to continue to use the vast coal resources that we have at our disposal. We are going to harvest and use the natural gas and oil resources that we possess. We are going to expand on our nuclear energy capability. And, yes, we are going to let a private sector free market pursue alternative forms of energy—not at taxpayer expense, but at entrepreneur expense where brilliant minds will try and break the code of being able to store up and harness, for future use, energy from the wind and the Sun. They can’t meet our heavylifting energy needs today, but who knows what great discoveries that we will find in the future? 
a true, alloftheabove energy vision that sounded like that, you would, once again, see our young people lining up to get into institutions to prepare themselves for careers in energy production, storage, distribution, and usage. You would find companies with the certainty to be able to grow and expand. You would see a resurgence of manufacturing as America, once again, began to innovate and put its research and development ingenuity to work to find new products and new discoveries. 
House floor just a few short weeks ago. He said: Why do so many people around the world want to come to America? I am paraphrasing, but he said that they want to come here because America is the land of dreamers. 
discovery of electricity, the invention of the light bulb, the invention of the combustion engine, mass production of automobiles, flight, space travel, computing and telecommunications innovation, and medical marvels beyond belief, so much of what the world enjoys today came from the ingenuity and the innovation of the American Dream—a dream powered by the coal industry, a dream powered now by a combination of oil, gas, coal, and nuclear energy. 
policies in the energy sector have been based on fears of scarcity, but we no longer have to yield to those fears. We have the resources, the knowhow, and the wherewithal to be energy independent and secure. With H.R. 8, the Architecture of Abundance, we are going to be giving the Senate and the President an opportunity to launch America into this next great vision of energy independence and security by the end of the decade. I hope they will take that opportunity seriously. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through December 3 on account of medical issues. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of medical leave. 
The rules of the House are the rules of the 
Committee on Ways and Means and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, is a nondebatable motion of high privilege in the Committee. 
part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. Written rules adopted by the Committee, not inconsistent with the Rules of the House, shall be binding on each subcommittee of the Committee. 
The provisions of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
on Ways and Means shall be on the second Wednesday of each month while the House is in session. However, the Committee shall not meet on the regularly scheduled meeting day if there is no business to be considered. 
quorum for business; provided however, that two Members shall constitute a quorum at any regularly scheduled hearing called for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. In establishing a quorum for purposes of a public hearing, every effort shall be made to secure the presence of at least one Member each from the majority and the minority. 
and convene, as he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Committee shall meet pursuant to the call of the Chair. 
For each Congress, the Chairman, in consultation with the Majority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee. After consultation with the Minority 
Members, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted by Minority Members for staff under their direction and supervision. 
document, or similar material prepared for public distribution shall either be approved 
by the Committee or Subcommittee prior to distribution and opportunity afforded for the inclusion of supplemental, minority or additional views, or such document shall prominently display near the top of its cover the following: ‘‘Majority [or Minority] Staff Report,’’ as appropriate. 
only to the publication of policyoriented, analytical documents, and not to the publication of public hearings, legislative documents, documents which are administrative in nature or reports which are required to be submitted to the Committee under public law. The appropriate characterization of a document subject to this rule shall be determined after consultation with the Minority. 
Consistent with the primary expense resolution and such additional expense resolution as may have been approved, the provisions of this rule shall govern official travel of Committee Members and Committee staff. Official travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the full Committee for any Member or any Committee staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Official travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Member and any Committee staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee, its Subcommittees, or any other Committee or Subcommittee of the Congress on matters relevant to the general jurisdiction of the Committee, and meetings, conferences, facility inspections, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter relevant to the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: 
travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; 
and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee, prior authorization must be obtained from the Subcommittee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the full Committee Chairman only upon the representation by the applicable Subcommittee Chairman in writing setting forth those items enumerated above. 
Within 60 days of the conclusion of any official travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the full Committee Chairman a written report covering the information gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection or investigation attended pursuant to such official travel. 
Committee website for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. The ranking minority member may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the minority to Committee members and other members of the House. 
Ways and Means involving revenue measures, except those revenue measures referred to Subcommittees under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 shall be considered by the full Committee and not in Subcommittee. There shall be six standing Subcommittees as follows: a Subcommittee on Trade; a Subcommittee on Oversight; a Subcommittee on Health; a Subcommittee on Social Security; a Subcommittee on Human Resources; and a Subcommittee on Tax Policy. The ratio of Republicans to Democrats on any Subcommittee of the Committee shall be consistent with the ratio of Republicans to Democrats on the full Committee. 
1. The Subcommittee on Trade shall consist of 16 Members, 10 of whom shall be Republicans and 6 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Trade shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to customs and customs administration including tariff and import fee structure, classification, valuation of and special rules applying to imports, and special tariff provisions and procedures which relate to customs operation affecting exports and imports; import trade matters, including import impact, industry relief from injurious imports, adjustment assistance and programs to encourage competitive responses to imports, unfair import practices including antidumping and countervailing duty provisions, and import policy which relates to dependence on foreign sources of supply; commodity agreements and reciprocal trade agreements involving multilateral and bilateral trade negotiations and implementation of agreements involving tariff and nontariff trade barriers to and distortions of international trade; international rules, organizations and institutional aspects of international trade agreements; budget authorizations for the customs revenue functions of the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. International Trade Commission, and the U.S. Trade Representative; and special traderelated problems involving market access, competitive conditions of specific industries, export policy and promotion, access to materials in short supply, bilateral trade relations including trade with developing countries, operations of multinational corporations, and trade with nonmarket economies. 
consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Oversight shall include all matters within the scope of the full Committee’s jurisdiction but shall be limited to existing law. Said oversight jurisdiction shall not be exclusive but shall be concurrent with that of the other Subcommittees. With respect to matters involving the Internal Revenue Code 
and other revenue issues, said concurrent jurisdiction shall be shared with the full Committee. Before undertaking any investigation or hearing, the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight shall confer with the Chairman of the full Committee and the Chairman of any other Subcommittee having jurisdiction. 
3. The Subcommittee on Health shall consist of 18 Members, 11 of whom shall be Republicans and 7 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Health shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to programs providing payments (from any source) for health care, health delivery systems, or health research. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Health shall include bills and matters that relate to the health care programs of the Social Security Act (including titles V, XI (Part B), XVIII, and XIX thereof) and, concurrent with the full Committee, tax credit and deduction provisions of the Internal Revenue Code dealing with health insurance premiums and health care costs. 
shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Social Security shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the Federal Old Age, Survivors’ and Disability Insurance System, the Railroad Retirement System, and employment taxes and trust fund operations relating to those systems. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Social Security shall include bills and matters involving title II of the Social Security Act and Chapter 22 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Railroad Retirement Tax Act), as well as provisions in title VII and title XI of the Act relating to procedure and administration involving the Old Age, Survivors’ and Disability Insurance System. 
shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Human Resources shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the public assistance provisions of the Social Security Act, including temporary assistance for needy families, child care, child and family services, child support, foster care, adoption, supplemental security income, social services, eligibility of welfare recipients for food stamps, and lowincome energy assistance. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall include bills and matters relating to titles I, IV, VI, X, XIV, XVI, XVII, XX and related provisions of titles VII and XI of the Social Security Act. 
Human Resources shall also include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the FederalState system of unemployment compensation, and the financing thereof, including the programs for extended and emergency benefits. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the 
Subcommittee on Human Resources shall also include all bills and matters pertaining to the programs of unemployment compensation under titles III, IX and XII of the Social Security Act, Chapters 23 and 23A of the Internal Revenue Code, and the FederalState Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970, and provisions relating thereto. 
consist of 14 Members, 9 of whom shall be Republicans and 5 of whom shall be Democrats. 
Tax Policy shall consist of those revenue measures that, from time to time, shall be 
referred to it specifically by the Chairman of the full Committee. 
the Ranking Minority Member may sit as ex officio Members of all Subcommittees. They may be counted for purposes of assisting in the establishment of a quorum for a Subcommittee. However, their absence shall not count against the establishment of a quorum by the regular Members of the Subcommittee. Exofficio Members shall neither vote in the Subcommittee nor be taken into consideration for the purposes of determining the ratio of the Subcommittee. 
Committee and its Subcommittees shall not conflict. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman of the full Committee and other Subcommittee Chairmen with a view towards avoiding, wherever possible, simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and Subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
the Chairman of the full Committee for full Committee consideration, every bill or other measure referred to the Committee shall be referred by the Chairman of the full Committee to the appropriate Subcommittee in a timely manner. A Subcommittee shall, within three legislative days of the referral, acknowledge same to the full Committee. 
After a measure has been pending in a Subcommittee for a reasonable period of time, the Chairman of the full Committee may make a request in writing to the Subcommittee that the Subcommittee forthwith report the measure to the full Committee with its recommendations. If within seven legislative days after the Chairman’s written request, the Subcommittee has not so reported the measure, then there shall be in order in the full Committee a motion to discharge the Subcommittee from further consideration of the measure. If such motion is approved by a majority vote of the full Committee, the measure may thereafter be considered only by the full Committee. 
Whenever in the legislative process it becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman of the full Committee shall recommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those Committee Members as the Chairman may designate. In making recommendations of Minority Members as conferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
of the limited time available to question hearing witnesses, a witness who is scheduled to appear before the full Committee or a Subcommittee shall file with the Clerk of 
submitting a statement for the record of a public hearing, or submitting written comments in response to a published request for comments by the Committee must include in their statement or submission, a list of all clients, persons or organizations on whose behalf the witness appears. Oral testimony and statements for the record, or written comments in response to a request for comments by the Committee, will be accepted only from citizens of the United States or corporations or associations organized under the laws of one of the 50 States of the United States or the District of Columbia, unless otherwise directed by the Chairman of the full Committee or Subcommittee involved. Written statements from noncitizens may be considered for acceptance in the record if transmitted to the Committee in writing by Members of Congress. 
Committee Members may question witnesses only when recognized by the Chairman for that purpose. All Members shall be limited to five minutes on the initial round of questioning. In questioning witnesses under the five minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall be recognized first, after which Members who are in attendance at the beginning of a hearing will be recognized in the order of their seniority on the Committee. Other Members shall be recognized in the order of their appearance at the hearing. In recognizing Members to question witnesses, the Chairman may take into consideration the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members and the number of Majority and Minority Members present and shall apportion the recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage Members of the majority. 
kept of all testimony taken at a public hearing. The staff shall transmit to a witness the transcript of his or her testimony for correction and immediate return to the Committee offices. Only changes in the interest of clarity, accuracy and corrections in transcribing errors will be permitted. Changes that substantially alter the actual testimony will not be permitted. Members shall have the opportunity to correct their own remarks before publication. The Chairman of the full Committee may order the printing of a hearing without the corrections of a witness or Member if he determines that a reasonable 
and that further delay would impede the consideration of the legislation or other measure that is the subject of the hearing. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives are specifically made a part of these rules by reference. In addition, the following policy shall apply to media coverage of any meeting of the full Committee or a Subcommittee: 
hearing room will be designated for members of the media and their equipment. 
Committee room while the Committee is in session. Individual interviews must take place before the gavel falls for the convening of a meeting or after the gavel falls for adjournment. 
day’s electronic coverage shall be provided by the media to the Chairman of the full Committee through an appropriate designee. 
meeting will not be permitted to disrupt the proceedings or block the vision of Committee Members or witnesses. 
The Chairman shall not recognize a Member for the purpose of moving the previous question unless the Member has first advised the Chair and the Committee that this is the purpose for which recognition is being sought. 
The Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. 
a postponed request at any time. In exercising postponement authority the Chairman shall take reasonable steps to notify Members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
The Chairman is authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
majority and minority committee staff) that it is necessary to review the official transcript of a markup, such transcript may be released upon the signature and to the custody of an appropriate committee staff person. Such transcript shall be returned immediately after its review in the drafting session. 
Committee meeting other than a public hearing shall not be published or distributed to the public in any way except by a majority vote of the Committee. Before any public release of the uncorrected transcript, Members must be given a reasonable opportunity to correct their remarks. In instances in which a stenographic transcript is kept of a conference committee proceeding, all of the requirements of this rule shall likewise be observed. 
final decision made by the full Committee or a Subcommittee on legislation under consideration shall be made available to each Member of the Committee as soon as possible, but no later than the next day. However, the legislative draft of any tentative or final decision of the full Committee or a Subcommittee shall not be publicly released until such draft is made available to each Member of the Committee. 
the general supervision and direction of the Chairman of the full Committee except as provided in clause 9 of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning Committee expenses and staff. 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the full Committee, from the funds made available for the appointment of Committee staff pursuant to primary and additional expense resolutions, shall ensure that each Subcommittee receives sufficient staff to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee, and that the minority party is fairly treated in the appointment of such staff. 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1550. An act to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 599. An act to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
reported that on November 19, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3996. To provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2262. To facilitate a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 208. To improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration. 
H.R. 639. To amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 1, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (RIN: 2590AA45) received November 20, 
3543. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Emission Standards for Aerospace Manufacturing and Rework Facilities Risk and Technology Review 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report Pursuant to the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 on Loan Guarantees to Israel’’, pursuant to Public Law 10811, Title I Chapter 5; (117 Stat. 576); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3552. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by 
Gallery of Art, transmitting the Gallery’s Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2015, including the consolidated financial statements, federal financial statements (as 
supplementary schedules) and auditor’s report, complying voluntarily with the spirit of the Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002, Public Law 107289; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Corporation’s annual financial audit and management report for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9105; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3490. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–345, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1755. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans (Rept. 114– 350). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 3279. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–351). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the 
Resolution 539. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. (Rept. 114–353). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. KLINE: Committee of Conference. Conference report on S. 1177. An act to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (Rept. 114–354). Ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 4127. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4128. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayer protection and assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4129. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program under which the Secretary enters into partnership agreements with nonFederal entities for the construction of major construction projects authorized by law, and for 
the importation of certain iron and steel articles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
H.R. 4131. A bill to direct the Chief of Engineers to transfer an archaeological collection, commonly referred to as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, to the Washington State Department of Archeology and Historic Preservation; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4132. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, Unites States Code, to require approval of affected States before national monuments may be designated under that section, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
States Housing Act of 1937 to ensure accountability in the provision of public housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 4134. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Department of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
SPEIER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Ms. E STY, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
H.R. 4135. A bill to clarify the definition of 
nonimmigrant for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Water Pollution Control Act relating to beach monitoring, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Gold Medal to Simeon Booker in recognition of his achievements in the field of journalism, including reporting during the Civil Rights movement, as well as social and political commentary; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
DEUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the policies of the United States should support a transition to near zero greenhouse gas emissions, 100 percent clean renewable energy, infrastructure modernization, green jobs, full employment, a sustainable economy, fair wages, affordable energy, expanding the middle class, and ending poverty to promote national economic competitiveness and national security and for the purpose of avoiding adverse impacts of a changing climate; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for designation of June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution No.: 107, requesting Congress to renew funding for Save the Dream Ohio through the United States Department of the Treasury’s Hardest Hit Fund, to continue to provide assistance to homeowners in the state of Ohio at risk of foreclosure; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
activities of the United States government, including those under Title 50 of the United States Code, are carried out to support the national security interests of the United States, to support and assist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. 
the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies. . .’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MCNERNEY: 
H.R. 4129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 4135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 4137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 158: Mr. C RAMER and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 465: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 551: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. K EATING , and 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 940: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. J ODY B. 
H.R. 973: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
H.R. 1221: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A SHFORD , 
H.R. 1457: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Ms. 
H.R. 1670: Ms. K USTER and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
H.R. 1733: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 1818: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C OLE, and Mrs. 
H.R. 1945: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. T EDLIEU 
H.R. 2191: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mrs. D AVIS 
H.R. 2209: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 2218: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 2224: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
H.R. 2450: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. H URT of 
H.R. 2660: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
H.R. 2680: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. K LINE. H.R. 2713: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. Ca ´rdenas, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
H.R. 2894: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2903: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R ICEof 
H.R. 3119: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. B UCK, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L AHOOD, 
H.R. 3339: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3406: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. D AVID 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mrs. N OEM, and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 3541: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
H.R. 3632: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3662: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 3694: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 3706: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ECK 
H.R. 3711: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. B EN 
H.R. 3802: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3833: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
PAYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C LAY, 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. 
H.R. 3845: Mr. R OSS, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
H.R. 3870: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , and 
H.R. 3940: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 4032: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. 
Mr. H ARDY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. B ABIN, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. Z INKE, and 
New Mexico, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. 
ESTY, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. P INGREE , and 
New Mexico, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C APPS , 
H.R. 4126: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , and 
H. Con. Res. 94: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S MITH 
BABIN, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. B URGESS. 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. 
H. Res. 374: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
H. Res. 432: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and 
H. Res. 469: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
H. Res. 505: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H. Res. 530: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
H. Res. 536: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. D IAZ 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 37. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the Board of Chosen Freeholders, Cumberland County, New Jersey, relative to Resolution No.: 2015446, supporting Senate Bill No. 1647 (DRIVE), developing a reliable and 
innovative vision for the economy; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8181 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2015 No. 172 