today to mark the sixth anniversary of the end of the civil war in Sri Lanka. In a brutal war that lasted 37 years, we saw nearly 100,000 people killed—many of them civilians—as a result of the tensions between the country’s Buddhist majority and Hindu minority. 
Since the war ended, however, corruption and ongoing human rights abuses have prevented Sri Lanka from reaching a national reconciliation. 
President Sirisena democratically elected with significant support from the Sinhalese, Tamil, and Muslim communities. 
Mr. Speaker, on this fortuitous occasion, I call on the new government to release the 200 detained political prisoners, account for the nearly 20,000 missing civilians from the war, and end oppressive restrictions on the Tamil provinces. 
This sixth anniversary serves as a reminder of Sri Lanka’s wartorn past and a chance to move it toward a future of democracy, justice, and equality for all its people because only then can Sri Lanka finally achieve the stability, peace, and prosperity that it deserves. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued a rule that would significantly broaden the Federal Government’s power to regulate waters and adjacent lands under the Clean Water Act. 
would give the Federal Government jurisdiction over puddles, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, and storm and wastewater systems. Federal agencies frequently place burdensome regulations on the American public, and this rule is no exception. 
passed H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, which would require the agencies to start over and develop a new rule in consultation with State and local governments and other 
stakeholders. This commonsense legislation prevents an outoftouch administration from threatening the livelihood of North Carolina’s farmers and saddling local governments with exorbitant compliance costs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, The Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO BURMA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–39) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to Burma that was declared on May 20, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2015. The Government of Burma has made significant progress across a number of important areas, including the release of over 1,300 political prisoners, continued progress toward a nationwide ceasefire, the discharge of hundreds of child soldiers from the military, steps to improve labor standards, and expanding political space for civil society to have a greater voice in shaping issues critical to Burma’s future. In addition, Burma has become a signatory of the International Atomic Energy Agency’s Additional Protocol and ratified the Biological Weapons Convention, significant steps towards supporting global nonproliferation. Despite these strides, the situation in the country continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. 
Concerns persist regarding the ongoing conflict and human rights abuses in the country, particularly in ethnic minority areas and Rakhine State. In addition, Burma’s military operates with little oversight from the civilian government and often acts with impunity. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to Burma. 
States remains committed to supporting and strengthening Burma’s reform efforts and to continue working both with the Burmese government and people to ensure that the democratic transition is sustained and irreversible. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROTHFUS ) at 4 o’clock and 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 474) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a fiveyear extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reintegration of homeless veterans into the labor force.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘reintegration into the labor force of—’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 474. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2015 would extend this very good job training and placement program for homeless veterans. 
This bill would also make some commonsense changes to the program’s eligibility rules by making veterans housed under the HUDVA supported housing program and formerly incarcerated veterans eligible for HVRP. 
Mr. Speaker, by making those eligibility changes, we will be offering training and placement services to groups of veterans who are largely unemployed and have significant barriers to employment. The program’s history of a job placement rate of 70 percent has been recognized by many as among the best in the Federal Government and I believe warrants its continuation. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 474, the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2015. This bipartisan bill reauthorizes the highly successful Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program, HVRP, which provides grants to train and reintegrate homeless veterans into meaningful employment. H.R. 474 also clarifies that in addition to homeless veterans, those participating in the HUDVASH voucher program and those transitioning from being incarcerated are also eligible to participate in HVRP. HVRP is unique among Federal programs, as it is dedicated to providing employment assistance to homeless veterans. Other programs that we hear much about focus on needs such as emergency shelter, food, and abuse treatment. 
Homeless veterans often face a variety of problems that can bar them from traditional employment pathways, including severe PTSD, histories of substance abuse, and encounters with the criminal justice system. HVRP service providers give our homeless veterans specialized intensive counseling and services to help them find a positive pathway forward, resulting in gainful employment. 
spending costs, nor will discretionary costs be beyond the minimal. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WENSTRUP for his hard work on 
this bill, as well as Ranking Member TAKANO for his efforts to advance this 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
again, I encourage all Members to support my bill, H.R. 474. I have no further speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
my colleagues to support H.R. 474. It is a good bill that will reauthorize and clarify the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Again, Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support my bill, H.R. 474, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1038) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain a copy of any reprimand or admonishment received by an employee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring VA 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘If any employee of the Department receives a reprimand or admonishment, the Secretary shall retain a copy of such reprimand or admonishment in the permanent record of the employee as long as the employee is employed by the Department.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 1038. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, currently, if a VA employee is either reprimanded or admonished for their performance, all records of those administrative punishments are removed from the employee’s personnel file within 3 years and 2 years, respectively. Subsequent to the removal of these personnel actions, there is no record of their poor performance or acts regardless of how many different jobs they hold within the VA or how long they remain a VA employee. 
rules such as we are addressing today are part of the culture of no accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs that have contributed significantly to the recent public scandals. The list of scandals now includes the abuse of the purchase card program where some VA employees were spending $5 billion annually on goods and services without contracts, which was exposed at the Veterans’ Affairs Committee hearings last Thursday. 
only the most ethical and most qualified employees who benefit from the tax dollars that support them move up through the ranks at VA. One way to assist that is to retain an employee’s entire history in their personnel file. Now, no one is saying that employees can’t improve their performance after being reprimanded or admonished, but managers should know the complete history of their staff or potential staff members. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1038, the Ensuring VA Employee Accountability Act of 2015. 
reprimanded for misconduct, the paperwork describing the incident is removed from that employee’s file after 3 years. Paperwork describing an incident leading to an admonishment is taken out after just 2 years. H.R. 1038 requires the Secretary to maintain all written reprimands and admonishments of any VA employee in that employee’s file for the entire duration of his or her employment at VA. 
Affairs Committee work to ensure effective oversight of VA actions, it is 
important to maintain a record of VA employees’ past misconduct. At the same time we are working toward greater accountability, we must also ensure that increased transparency does not come at the expense of fairness and the equitable treatment of VA employees. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues and all interested parties to clarify the intent of this legislation to ensure that we are not inadvertently affecting the use of negotiated settlement agreements when appropriate and that admonishments and reprimands are not wrongly used to silence whistleblowers. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), the author of 
Speaker, it is my pleasure to come before you today to speak on behalf of this commonsense effort to ensure greater employee accountability within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
We all agree that our veterans deserve the best service and care possible, and it is our responsibility to ensure that that care is provided by responsible employees. 
VA Employee Accountability Act, is a further step in this direction. As you know, the VA carries out their disciplinary actions in a tiered system, and the two most commonly used are the lowertiered actions, admonishments and reprimands. 
findings of the recent inspector general’s investigations related to data manipulation, backlogs, and excessive wait times, it is apparent that a greater number of admonishments and reprimands are being issued to atfault employees. 
disciplinary actions remain in an employee’s file for only 3 years and are then deleted. This prevents the keeping of complete employee files and doesn’t allow the poor performers within the VA to be tracked or held accountable. Veterans expect the correct disciplinary action to be administered—indeed, all taxpayers do—and not simply the issuance of a temporary written warning. Therefore, as the VA continues to issue these lowertier disciplinary actions more heavily than others, it is important that the personnel actions remain in the employee’s record while employed at the VA. 
admonishments remain in a VA employee’s file as long as they are employed at the VA, ensuring that the VA maintains good, complete employee records and holds those who care for our veterans accountable. 
legislation could negatively impact flexibility in resolving routine personnel disputes, but there is nothing in this bill that imposes new employee penalties or would affect the existing process for a VA employee to appeal a disciplinary action. 
Senate counterparts to ensure that nothing in this legislation prevents a VA employee’s ability to dispute a disciplinary action before a reprimand or admonishment is placed in their record. It is simply another tool for the Secretary to hold employees accountable during their tenure at the VA. 
will support my legislation to promote transparency and accountability where it is needed. 
1038 and to work with all of us to make sure going forward that the intent of the bill is accurately realized. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1038, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1313) to amend title 38, United States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act’’. 
CONTRACTING GOALS AND PREFERENCES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
and all that follows through ‘‘disability.’’ and inserting a period; and 
veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated as 100 percent disabling or who dies as a result of a serviceconnected disability, is 10 years after the date of the veteran’s death; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a surviving spouse of a 
veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated as less than 100 percent disabling who does not die as a result of a serviceconnected disability, is three years after the date of the veteran’s death.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1313. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
title 38 to allow certain surviving spouses of servicedisabled smallbusiness owners to continue to be classified as a servicedisabled veteranowned small business for a 3year period following the death of the veteran owner. 
to just the surviving spouses of disabled veterans rated at 100 percent by VA. By changing the law, we will enable surviving spouses of the vast majority of small businesses owned by servicedisabled veterans to make the transition from a preferred VA contractor to the private sector market. This small change will also provide a large measure of financial stability to surviving spouses. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act of 
2015. Veterans who are rated as 100 percent disabled by the Department of Veterans Affairs and who own at least 51 percent of their small business receive preferred status in the Federal contracting process. 
passes away, the surviving family members and business partners are not allowed any time to transition away from this preferred status, thereby putting their businesses in jeopardy of losing any Federal contracts they may have. Last year, there were an estimated 500,000 of these businesses nationwide. 
period during which the business would keep its preferential status and any Federal contracts associated with that status should the veteran owner pass away. 
surviving spouse to maintain preferred status for up to 3 years following the death of a veteran owner, but only if that veteran had a 100 percent service connected disability rating and died due to the disability. 
H.R. 1313 further expands the transition period from 3 to 10 years after the veteran owner’s death if the veteran were either 100 percent disabled or died from a serviceconnected disability. 
H.R. 1313 is a fair policy that will ensure we protect the hard work and investment of our serviceconnected disabled veterans who own small businesses. 
TAKANO of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for their support of this bill and Mr. MCNERNEY for bringing it to us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I, again, reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY). 
continued work on behalf of our Nation’s veterans and for bringing these commonsense bills to the floor today. 
drivers in our communities, and we must give them opportunities they need to grow and prosper. Veteran entrepreneurs, in particular, are some of the most apt at starting, managing, and growing small businesses. 
5 million veteranowned businesses and an estimated 500,000 servicedisabled veteranowned small businesses. A servicedisabled veteranowned small business is one that must be at least 51 percent directly owned and controlled by one or more servicedisabled veterans. 
procurement contracting goals for small businesses in 1978 and set aside 3 
percent of the total value of all Federal contracts for veteranowned small businesses. Although some Federal agencies meet these goals, there are no penalties for not meeting the 3 percent small business procurement goal. The VA is diligent, on the other hand, in meeting this goal. 
was rated 100 percent disabled and owned a servicedisabled veteran owned small business passes away, the surviving spouse has 10 years to transition the business away from service disabled veteranowned small business status for contracts that the company has with the VA. 
However, if the veteran businessowner was rated at less than 100 percent disabled or dies of a nonserviceconnected injury, the surviving spouse has only 1 year to transition the business for contracts with the VA. 
transition time for servicedisabled veteranowned small businesses whose owner passes away and was rated at less than 100 percent disabled to reposition the business, putting many servicedisabled veteranowned small businesses at a disadvantage. We need to correct this deficiency in the law. 
the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act. My bill allows the servicedisabled veteran owned small business, whose principal owner passes away and was rated at less than 100 percent disabled at the time of death, with a reasonable 3year transition period from servicedisabled veteranowned small business status with the VA. 
heroes and their families and the employees with flexibility and certainty to ensure their businesses continue to thrive. The loss of a veteran businessowner is already tragic enough for their families and can put service disabled veteranowned small businesses at severe risk of closing or downsizing because of the loss of Federal contracts. 
H.R. 1313 is supported by the Paralyzed Veterans of America, AMVETS, 
Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, The American Legion, and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. In addition, the VA said, at a subcommittee hearing on March 24 of this year, that the bill is a reasonable approach. 
me in passing this commonsense bill and support veteranowned small businesses across the country. 
this time, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
1313, to ensure that our serviceconnected disabledveteran smallbusiness owners are able to leave a legacy for their families and coworkers when they pass away. At this point, I don’t have any other 
speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1313, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1382) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Rates of American Veteran Employment Act’’ or the ‘‘BRAVE Act’’. 
81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 8128 the following new section: 
(or task order) for the procurement of goods or services, the Secretary may give a preference to offerors that employ veterans on a fulltime basis. The Secretary shall determine such preference based on the percentage of the fulltime employees of the offeror who are veterans. 
principals in the offeror for a period of not 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1382, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
opportunities for veterans and business opportunities for the companies that employ them, H.R. 1382, as amended, would require the Secretary to consider the number of veterans working for an offerer in the decision to award a contract. 
give a preference to such employers based on the percentage of the workforce made up by veterans. The bill would also provide the Secretary with debarment authority for any offerer who willfully and intentionally misrepresents the number of veterans they employ. 
among certain age groups of veterans still exceeds their nonveteran peers, and this is one commonsense step to increase job opportunities for veterans of all ages. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
amended, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act, or BRAVE Act, of 2015. 
Labor Statistics report, almost 7 percent of post9/11 veterans are unemployed, which is higher than the national average. 
served their country. Now it is our job as Members of Congress to craft policies that will improve and increase employment opportunities for them. This includes improving the Federal contracting process to incentivize private sector companies to hire more veterans when they come home. 
establishes longterm contracts with private sector businesses to provide 
veterans medical equipment, supplies, services, and other things. Currently, the VA gives preference for these contracts to veteranowned small businesses, but it does not give preference to businesses that actively employ veterans. This bipartisan BRAVE Act allows the VA to consider the proportion of veterans employed by a prospective contractor when awarding those Federal contracts. It also encourages and incentivizes current VA contractors to employ more veterans. 
H.R. 1382 deters companies from exaggerating the number of veterans they employ in order to become more competitive for procurement, requiring debarment for any company that knowingly misrepresents its proportion of veteran employees. 
does it add any burdens on taxpayers. This bipartisan legislation will reward companies who hire veterans, thus incentivizing the private sector recruitment of veteran employees. It is, indeed, a winwinwin policy for the private sector, for the Federal Government, and, most importantly, for the veterans, themselves. 
I want to thank Miss RICE, who is the 
for bringing it to the floor, and Dr. WENSTRUP and Mr. T AKANO —the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity— for their work on the bill. 
no further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE), who is the sponsor of 
I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act. 
this body who would disagree that American veterans—men and women who have stepped up to protect our country and preserve the freedom that we cherish—deserve our full support when they have completed their service. They deserve the opportunity to find a good job, to support themselves and their families. They deserve the opportunity to succeed in civilian life, to adapt their extraordinary skills, training, and experience in order to thrive in a civilian workforce, and to continue making a meaningful contribution to our economy. 
veterans to the workforce, but we cannot be satisfied with that progress while so many men and women still struggle to find the good jobs they deserve. We cannot be satisfied when the unemployment rate among post9/11 veterans remains higher than the national average. We cannot be satisfied if even a single American veteran who wants to work is not given the opportunity to do so—is left jobless, homeless, forgotten, and abandoned by the 
not only a stain on the character of our country, it is not only a dereliction of the promise we make to the people who risk their lives to protect us; it is a missed opportunity. 
Veterans have received the most advanced and sophisticated training the world has to offer. They have unique skills and experience. They know how to work as members of a team. They know how to succeed in the most difficult conditions. They know how to get the job done, whatever that job may be. They received that training, they developed those skills, and gained that experience because we invested in them as servicemembers, and we would be foolish not to double down on that investment. We would be foolish not to invest in them as veterans—invest in their potential to adapt their training and skills and experience so they may use it to thrive in a civilian workforce and contribute to our economy. 
sector to recognize the benefit of having veterans in their workforces. We need businesses to recognize that it is in their selfinterest to actively seek out and employ veterans, not as an act of charity, but because they are excellent workers who know how to get the job done and how to bring out the best in their fellow employees. That is why it is so important that we pass H.R. 1382. 
of investment that Members of both parties can be pleased to support—the kind that costs no money. The Department of Veterans Affairs is already authorized for $19 billion in total procurement and contracting spending. This legislation will simply ensure that, when the Secretary of the VA is awarding those contracts, he has the authority to give preference to businesses with high concentrations of fulltime veteran employees, businesses that make it a priority to actively seek out veterans and provide them with meaningful fulltime employment. 
As has been noted, the VA can already give such preference to veteran owned businesses, as it should. We should give that same advantage to contractors who actively invest in veterans, who recognize their value and their potential to thrive in the civilian workforce. 
legislation will reward them for their commitment to giving veterans the opportunities they have earned. But in doing so, in creating such an advantage, this legislation will also create an incentive for other contractors to do the same, to be proactive, to make it a priority to seek out veterans who are looking for employment. In time, I have no doubt that they will recognize the value of investing in veterans as they will find themselves with a more productive, efficient, and effective workforce. 
thanks to my colead sponsor on the other side of the aisle, Congressman PAUL COOK, a combat veteran who 
served 26 years and retired as a colonel from the United States Marine Corps. 
that this bill has the support of several major veteran service organizations, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. 
express my support for another bill that I am proud to cosponsor, Dr. WENSTRUP ’Slegislation—H.R. 474, the 
to help reintegrate homeless veterans into the workforce and to address the underlying issues that so often lead to life on the streets—services ranging from job training, job placement, and career counseling to clothing, housing, transportation, and treatment for mental health and substance abuse disorders. This program has been successful, and passing a 5year reauthorization will secure its future and allow State and local agencies to plan long term programming. 
I thank Dr. WENSTRUP for his leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to give H.R. 474 their full support. 
support H.R. 1382, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
so I yield back the balance of my time. 
again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1382, as amended, and I thank Miss RICEfor presenting this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1382, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 91 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
are issued to veterans who have either completed the statutory timeinservice requirement for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a medicalrelated discharge from the Armed Forces. 
the infrastructure in place across the United States to produce photographic identification cards and accept a small payment to cover the cost of these cards. 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
document in the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran. 
shall charge a fee to each veteran who receives an identification card issued under this section, including a replacement identification card. 
identification card issued under this section shall not serve as proof of any benefits that the veteran may be entitled to under this title. 
identification card under this section shall not be entitled to any benefits under this title by reason of possessing such card. 
Secretary shall ensure that any information collected or used with respect to an identification card issued under this section is appropriately secured. 
section, the term ‘covered veteran’ means a veteran who— 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5705 the following new item: 
made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 91, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
businesses offer discounts to our servicemembers and veterans. Unfortunately, unless a servicemember is a qualified military retiree, the DOD does not issue an ID card as proof of service. That means millions of veterans cannot take advantage of those discounts or proudly share evidence of their honorable service. This bill would change that by directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue a veteran’s ID card to any veteran who requests such card and who is not entitled to military retired pay nor is enrolled in the VA health care system. 
display the veteran’s name and photograph, and it would serve as proof that the veteran honorably served in the Armed Forces. This bill would also require the Secretary to determine a fee to be charged that would cover all costs of producing the cards and of managing the program. The bill also specifies that the card does not entitle the holder to any VA benefits. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act, as amended. 
issue, upon a veteran’s request, a veteran’s identification card. In most instances, a veteran must be enrolled with the VA to receive a VA ID card or to utilize his or her DD–214 to prove military service. Many veterans are hesitant to carry around their DD–214s, which may contain personal health information. A veteran’s ID card would provide those veterans with the ability to prove their service without the need to constantly have to produce official documents like their DD–214 forms. 
is a simple way to provide a reliable and convenient method for our Nation’s heroes to prove their honorable service and veteran status. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ). 
today in support of the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. 
introduced which will allow all veterans to receive an ID card through the VA. 
countless veterans from Florida and across the country who have expressed frustration about their ability to document their service. This will allow them to document their service by getting ID cards. The ID card won’t quite replace the DD–214, but they won’t have to carry around the paperwork with them if they are looking to use it 
in the future. It will also help to cut down on identity theft. 
in our area is it will help with jobs and opportunities in terms of their not having to carry the paperwork. They will have proof of their service for their employers. It will also provide discounts from a lot of our businesses in the area. A lot of businesses offer veterans discounts, but veterans don’t have the documentation. As a result, many times, they don’t get the benefits. One of the biggest benefits is that there is no cost to the taxpayers, which is a big thing for a lot of people. 
mention is that many of our veterans have served our country proudly, and this will help validate their service from that standpoint. 
district, of the almost 2 million veterans in Florida and of the 22 million veterans in the country, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation to help our American heroes. 
H.R. 91, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, H.R. 91, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. 
to permit veterans to show their service without hassle and inconvenience. Upon enactment, the bill requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to issue a photo identification card to veterans who request it. The identification card serves as proof of honorable military service. 
In the First District of Iowa, many of my constituents—including veterans of World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam war—would benefit from the existence of such a card. The card would increase veterans’ access to available military service discounts at commercial establishments. The Veterans I.D. Card Act, an overwhelmingly bipartisan bill and supported by AMVETS, Vietnam Veterans of America, and Veterans for Common Sense, makes proving veteran status easy, expedient, and credible. 
in the Senate to enact this commonsense legislation that assists veterans in receiving all the recognition and benefits they deserve. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 91, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1816) to exclude from consideration as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
amounts’’ the following: ‘‘, and any expenses related to aid and attendance as detailed under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code’’. 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following ‘‘, except that the dollar amount limitation applicable under this section for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 shall be such dollar amount as reduced by $10,000,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
H.R. 1816, the Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. I strongly urge my colleagues to support its passage. 
long championed by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), is designed to 
help some of our Nation’s greatest heroes, our disabled veterans, better afford the housing and medical care they desperately need. 
the Department of Housing and Urban Development calculates a disabled veteran’s income for its Section 8 and public housing programs by exempting their servicerelated disability benefits and expenses related to inhome care. In other words, right now HUD is counting the aid and attendance disability payments of those heroes as income that could pay for housing, when it really should only be used to pay for their medical care. 
2,000 veterans that would be impacted by this change. This legislation will ensure that we don’t punish lowincome disabled veterans who are seeking or receiving housing assistance simply because of the disability benefits. 
Fixing the income calculation of disabled veterans is not only a matter of fairness, it is also a matter of common sense. Many of these disabled veterans require extensive care and assistance to perform basic daily functions such as bathing, eating, and dressing. These aid and attendance payments are designed only to cover the costs of the in home care they require to meet those needs, and it is wrong to ask these veterans to use that money for any other purpose. 
The housing challenges faced by disabled veterans are great, and I commend Mr. HECKfor his hard work to 
bring this issue and an appropriate fix for it to our attention. 
York. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
his leadership on this bill. As a former veteran, he has a deep understanding of these issues. I also thank Mr. LUETKE MEYER , who is the chair of our Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and one of our most active members on the committee, having served not only as a community banker, but as a community regulator. 
I am very pleased to rise in strong bipartisan support of H.R. 1816, the Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. This bill will bring a measure of fairness to our government’s treatment of severely disabled veterans. The bill excludes the payments that disabled veterans receive for inhome aid and attendance from being considered as income when determining their eligibility for HUD housing assistance. 
and attendance payments are wrongly counted as disposable income, which makes it harder for disabled veterans who receive these payments to qualify for the Federal housing assistance which they deserve. These payments are absolutely not disposable income; rather, they are payments that are medically necessary to enable disabled veterans to perform everyday functions, functions that, if not for their extraordinary sacrifice, would not require inhome aid payments in the first place. Thousands of veterans across our 
country are unable to qualify for Federal housing assistance, such as Section 8 rental assistance, because these payments are improperly counted as income. Let’s be clear. These are veterans who have suffered lifechanging injuries and who are now severely disabled as a result of their service to our country. It is their service and their sacrifice made in the name of peace and freedom that have made this the great Nation that it is today. 
and make it harder for these veterans because of their servicerelated disabilities to qualify for housing assistance is grossly unfair and something that should be swiftly rectified. That is what this bill does. It rights a wrong in our Federal housing policy and gives the veterans the respect and support that they deserve. 
who has served this country as a veteran. For three times, he has brought this bill to this floor. It has passed on suspension three times. I really applaud his persistence in pursuing this commonsense fix that will help thousands of veterans that deserve the aid and the assistance from HUD to rightfully get it. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
now yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), the sponsor of 
want to thank the gentleman from Missouri and the gentlewoman from New York for their support. 
I rise today to encourage my colleagues to support the bipartisan H.R. 1816, the Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015. This bill would remove an unnecessary barrier that prevents our disabled wartime veterans from receiving the housing assistance they so critically need. 
of this issue when it unanimously passed substantially similar bills, H.R. 6361 and H.R. 1742, during the 112th and 113th Congresses. Unfortunately, these bills were not considered by the Senate. I am hoping the third time is the charm. 
Department of Housing and Urban Development from considering a veteran’s aid and attendance benefits as income when calculating their eligibility for housing assistance. The aid and attendance benefit is an enhanced pension provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to our Nation’s wartime veterans who are severely disabled and have little or no income. 
those requiring the aid of another person in order to perform their activities of daily living, such as bathing, eating, adjusting prosthetic devices, or protecting themselves from the hazards of their daily environment. In order to receive this benefit, our 
severely disabled veterans must first establish their eligibility for a lowincome pension, which requires an annual adjusted gross income of less than $12,868 for a single veteran with no dependents. Once eligibility is determined, lowincome disabled vets can receive roughly an additional $8,600 in aid and attendance benefits annually to help defray the cost of their medical care. This is an important point. This aid and attendance benefit is for medical care. It is not discretionary income; it is not for groceries; it is not for transportation, utilities, or anything else. 
As you can imagine, these lowincome veterans struggle daily to keep the lights on, put food on the table, and keep a roof over their heads. Add to that the exorbitant cost of paying for a personal care attendant, and it becomes increasingly difficult for them to stay in their homes. 
Urban Development operates a number of programs that can assist these veterans. However, current regulations require that the aid and attendance benefit be counted as income when determining eligibility for housing assistance. Mr. Speaker, this makes no sense. 
The VA provides this benefit to ensure that our lowincome disabled wartime vets have the necessary resources to receive the medical care they need and have earned. Now, while $8600 per year may seem like a substantial amount of money, it doesn’t fully cover the cost of a fulltime aide but is much more cost effective than a nursing home or assisted living facility. The median annual cost for a licensed home health aide in 2014 was about $19,000. The cost of an assisted living facility was $42,000, and the median cost of a room in a nursing home is about $80,000 annually. So continuing to count the aid and attendance benefit as income does nothing more than to reduce the housing assistance available to our lowincome disabled vets and jeopardizes their ability to live independently. 
both this House and this administration to reduce homelessness in our veterans population. The need for this legislative fix is just as strong today as it was last Congress and the Congress before that. Most recent statistics from the Department of Housing and Urban Development indicate that approximately 50,000 veterans are homeless, and we certainly don’t want to add to that number. 
way towards preventing additional homelessness for our Nation’s veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
it is a huge problem across this country. By passing this bill, we will enable more veterans to stay in their homes and to have the respect and dignity that they deserve. 
passed this body two times before, almost unanimously. I hope that, as Mr. HECKsaid, the third time is the charm 
and that we will finally get this through the Senate. It is well deserved and long overdue. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this fair and commonsense proposal that will help our veterans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the distinguished lady from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
MALONEY ) for her fine work on this bill 
and for her strong support. I also want to thank the sponsor of the bill, the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), for again bringing this to 
our attention and again attempting to right a wrong here. This is certainly something we certainly need to support and will do. I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. 
further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1816, as amended 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 and ending on September 
30, 2019, in addition to the assessment imposed under section 3013, the court shall assess an amount of $5,000 on any nonindigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
Fund, in addition to any other amounts available, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019, use amounts available in the Fund to award grants or enhance victims’ programming under— 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent residents who are victims of severe forms of trafficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the specialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protections to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
General may award block grants to an eligible entity to develop, improve, or expand domestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and prosecuting offenses involving child human trafficking. 
specialized training programs for law enforcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal networks involved in child human trafficking; and 
dedicated antitrafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue victims, including— 
for law enforcement officers, including patrol officers, detectives, and investigators, 
except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assisting in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total number of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage cooperation with law enforcement investigations of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
shelter service providers with substantial experience in delivering wraparound services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
other necessary victim assistance programs or personnel, such as victim or child advocates, childprotective services, child forensic interviews, or other necessary service providers; 
to find homeless and runaway youth, including salaries and associated expenses for retired Federal law enforcement officers assisting the law enforcement agencies in finding homeless and runaway youth; and 
problem solving court programs for trafficking victims that include— 
individualized, courtordered treatment program for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
human trafficking victim’s cases and offenses, and the coordination of all trafficking victim treatment programs and social services; 
nonviolent criminal charges against the victim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the courtordered treatment program; and 
submit an application to the Attorney General for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
and assurances as the Attorney General determines to be necessary to ensure compliance with the requirements of this section; and 
eligible entity has received during the 5year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
State or unit of local government to continue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
section, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, established under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
genderresponsive rehabilitative care to victims of child human trafficking; 
for law enforcement officers and social service providers for all forms of human trafficking, with a focus on domestic child human trafficking; ‘‘(iv) prevention, deterrence, and prosecution of offenses involving child human trafficking, including soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing human acts with children; 
with organizations providing outreach or other related services to runaway and homeless youth; 
‘‘(vi) law enforcement protocols or procedures to screen all individuals arrested for prostitution, whether adult or child, for victimization by sex trafficking and by other crimes, such as sexual assault and domestic violence; and 
with State child welfare agencies and child advocacy centers; and 
funds under this section may be awarded or transferred to any entity unless such entity has demonstrated substantial experience providing services to victims of human trafficking or related populations (such as runaway and homeless youth), or employs staff specialized in the treatment of human trafficking victims.’’. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornography.’’. 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, and any property traceable to such property’’ after ‘‘such violation’’; and 
other provision of law, the Attorney General shall transfer assets forfeited pursuant to this section, or the proceeds derived from the sale thereof, to satisfy victim restitution orders arising from violations of this chapter. 
(bb) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
‘‘9702. Investment of trust funds. ‘‘9703. Managerial accountability and flexibility. 
section 1584 (involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1591’’; 
conduct with respect to documents in furtherance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ before ‘‘section 1751’’; 
(iii) by inserting a comma after ‘‘virus)’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘,, section’’ and inserting a 
trafficking, child sexual exploitation, child pornography production,’’ after ‘‘kidnapping’’. 
Section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
section, the term ‘part 1 violent crimes’ shall include severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)).’’. 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
Code, defines a sex trafficker as a person who ‘‘knowingly. . .recruits, entices, harbors, transports, provides, obtains, or maintains by any means a person. . .knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that means of force, threats of force, fraud, coercion. . .or any combination of such means will be used to cause the person to engage in a commercial sex act, or that the person has not attained the age of 18 years and will be caused to engage in a commercial sex act’’; 
1066 (8th Cir. 2013), the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ruled that section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, applied to persons who purchase illicit sexual acts with trafficking victims after the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota erroneously granted motions to acquit these buyers in two separate cases; and 
1591 of title 18, United States Code, to add the words ‘‘solicits or patronizes’’ to the sex trafficking statute making absolutely clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law enforcement officials that criminals who purchase sexual acts from human trafficking victims may be arrested, prosecuted, and convicted as sex trafficking offenders when this is merited by the facts of a particular case. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that— 
within the Innocence Lost National Initiative engage in activities, programs, or operations to increase the investigative capabilities of State and local law enforcement officers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or solicit children for sex; and 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a preponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘77,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’. 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement. 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
Court of the District of Columbia, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
cited as the ‘‘Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘Task Force’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
offender’’ means an individual who obtains, patronizes, or solicits a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
offense’’ means the provision, obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting of a commercial sex act involving a person subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
term ‘‘local law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a unit of local government authorized by law or by a local government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means any officer, agent, or employee of a State authorized by law or by a State government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. 
and mental health services by health care providers to persons subject to severe forms of trafficking in persons. 
General shall ensure that each antihuman trafficking program operated by the Department of Justice for United States attorneys or other Federal prosecutors includes training on seeking restitution for offenses under chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to ensure that each United States attorney or other Federal prosecutor, upon obtaining a conviction for such an offense, requests a specific amount of restitution for each victim of the offense without regard to whether the victim requests restitution. 
shall provide training to judges relating to the application of section 1593 of title 18, United States Code, with respect to ordering restitution for victims of offenses under chapter 77 of such title. 
OFFICERS .—The Attorney General shall ensure that Federal law enforcement officers are engaged in activities, programs, or operations involving the detection, investigation, and prosecution of covered offenders. 
ONSTATE ENFORCEMENT OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING PROHIBITIONS .—The Director of the 
of individuals in State court systems for a covered offense; and 
cited as the ‘‘Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment Act’’. 
composed of not less than 8 and not more than 14 individuals who are survivors of human trafficking. 
extent practicable, members of the Council shall be survivors of trafficking, who shall accurately reflect the diverse backgrounds of survivors of trafficking, including— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint the members of the Council. 
of the Council shall serve for a term of 2 years and may be reappointed by the President to serve 1 additional 2year term. 
than annually, and not later than 45 days before a meeting with the Task Force, to formally present the findings and recommendations of the Council. 
Homeland Security, Appropriations, and the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
Appropriations, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Judiciary of the Senate. 
than reimbursement of travel expenses and per diem allowance in accordance with section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
Council shall not be subject to the requirements under the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
and Exploited Children of each report received relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution;’’; 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
Crime Information Center Terminal Contractor for the State to update the missing person record in the National Crime Information Center computer networks with additional information learned during the investigation relating to the missing person.’’. 
‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant awarded by the Attorney General under section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as amended by section 103. 
term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
a covered grant that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a covered grant during the following 2 fiscal years. 
the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible entities that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a covered grant. 
funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
to the Department of Justice under this title, or the amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this title, or the amendments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. 
shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House 
of Representatives on all approved conference expenditures referenced in this paragraph. 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title, the Attorney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification that— 
this title, or any amendments made by this title, may not be utilized by any grant recipient to— 
State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
(ii) prohibit the grant recipient from receiving another covered grant for not less than 5 years. 
cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘advertises,’’ after ‘‘obtains,’’. 
The Attorney General shall make available, on the website of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, a database for trafficking victim advocates, crisis hotline personnel, foster parents, law enforcement personnel, and crime survivors that contains information on— 
10 years after the cause of action arose.’’ and 
years of age, if the victim was a minor at the time of the alleged offense.’’. 
each program or initiative authorized under this Act and the following statutes and evaluate whether any program or initiative is duplicative: 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘victim of trafficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, established under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with regard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
organizations that the Task Force determines appropriate, surveys and catalogs the activities of the Federal Government and State governments— 
data that would be helpful in formulating effective strategies— 
On the date that is 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that includes information 
law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
of which is to combat human trafficking or assist victims of trafficking, as specified in an authorizing statute or in a guidance document issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
TO PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RECOVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING. 
inserting ‘‘, including members of the Service (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
‘‘(ii) specific traffickinginpersons briefings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts; and 
warning signs of trafficking in persons specific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located; and 
‘‘(II) appropriate procedures to report information that any such personnel may acquire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Human Exploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘HERO Act of 2015’’. 
and distribution of child abuse imagery is a growing threat to children in the United States. International demand for this material creates a powerful incentive for the rape, abuse, and torture of children within the United States. 
by international criminal networks is a threat to the homeland security of the United States. This threat must be fought with trained personnel and highly specialized counterchildexploitation strategies and technologies. 
Customs Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security serves a critical national security role in protecting the United States from the growing international threat of child exploitation and human trafficking. 
States Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a vital national resource in the effort to combat international child exploitation, providing advanced expertise and assistance in investigations, computer forensics, and victim identification. 
United States possess unique and valuable skills that can assist law enforcement in combating global sexual and child exploitation, and the Department of Homeland Security should use this national resource to the maximum extent possible. 
order to target predators and rescue children from sexual abuse and slavery. 
451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end 
Customs Enforcement, a Cyber Crimes Center (referred to in this section as the ‘Center’). 
shall be to provide investigative assistance, training, and equipment to support United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s domestic and international investigations of cyberrelated crimes. 
tribal, and foreign law enforcement agency personnel, upon request; 
and counseling services for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel engaged in child exploitation prevention initiatives, including making available other existing services to assist employees who are exposed to child exploitation material during investigations; 
Department of Defense and the National Association to Protect Children for the purpose of the recruiting, training, equipping and hiring of wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program; and 
States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, disaggregated by type, including— 
through investigations carried out by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
were in positions of trust or authority over children; 
the date of the enactment of the HERO Act of 2015, and annually for the following 4 years, the CEIU shall— 
Forensics Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘CFU’). 
and foreign law enforcement agency personnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
software, and forensic licenses for all computer forensics personnel within United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
Department of Defense and the National Association to Protect Children for the purpose of recruiting, training, equipping, and hiring wounded, ill, and injured veterans and transitioning service members, through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program. 
and foreign law enforcement agency personnel engaged in the investigation of crimes within their respective jurisdictions, upon request and subject to the availability of funds; 
of the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps program for investigative and forensic positions in support of the functions of the CCU. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
Congress that Homeland Security Investigations of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement should hire, recruit, train, and equip wounded, ill, or injured military veterans (as defined in section 101, title 38, United States Code) who are affiliated with the HERO Child Rescue Corps program for investigative, intelligence, analyst, and forensic positions. 
the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, trafficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics.’’. 
is amended by striking section 2421 and inserting the following: 
transports any individual in interstate or foreign commerce, or in any Territory or Possession of the United States, with intent that such individual engage in prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
shall grant a request by a State attorney general that a State or local attorney be cross designated to prosecute a violation of this section unless the Attorney General determines that granting the request would undermine the administration of justice. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rape Survivor Child Custody Act’’. 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796gg et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘STOP Violence Against Women Formula Grant Program’’); or 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043g) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Services Program’’). 
means, when used with respect to parental rights, a complete and final termination of the parent’s right to custody of, guardianship of, visitation with, access to, and inheritance from a child. 
this paragraph shall be construed to require a State, in order to receive an increase in the amount provided to the State under the covered formula grants under this title, to have in place a law that terminates any obligation of a person who fathered a child through rape to support the child. 
should be prohibited from visiting or having custody of those children. 
to raise their child conceived through rape and, as a result, may face custody battles 
standard is the most common standard for termination of parental rights among the 50 States, territories, and the District of Columbia. 
allowing rape survivors to petition for the termination of parental rights of the rapist based on clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape. 
rights causes the survivor to have continued interaction with the rapist, which can have traumatic psychological effects on the survivor, and can make it more difficult for her to recover. 
can severely negatively impact her ability to raise a healthy child. 
custody or parental rights to coerce survivors into not prosecuting rape, or otherwise harass, intimidate, or manipulate them. 
amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants in accordance with this title if the State has in place a law that allows the mother of any child that was conceived through rape to seek courtordered termination of the parental rights of her rapist with regard to that child, which the court is authorized to grant upon clear and convincing evidence of rape. 
provided to the State under the covered formula grants shall include in the application of the State for each covered formula grant such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including information about the law described in section 404. 
State under the covered formula grants under this title shall be equal to not more than 10 percent of the average of the total amount of funding provided to the State under the covered formula grants under the 3 most recent awards to the State. 
shall provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title for a 2year period. 
provide an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title more than 4 times. 
The Attorney General shall allocate an increase in the amount provided to a State under the covered formula grants under this title such that— 
carry out this title $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. TITLE V—MILITARY SEX OFFENDER 
the Attorney General the information described in section 114 to be included in the National Sex Offender Registry and the Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website regarding persons— 
courtsmartial under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), do not include confinement; and 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 128 the following: 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons; 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
a court order to pay restitution in connection with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution actually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of origin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals convicted under each offense; and’’. 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
shall implement and maintain a National Strategy for Combating Human Trafficking (referred to in this section as the ‘‘National Strategy’’) in accordance with this section. 
tribal efforts to investigate and prosecute human trafficking cases, including— 
and tribal government agencies, of a districtspecific strategic plan to coordinate the identification of victims and the investigation and prosecution of human trafficking crimes; 
local, or tribal human trafficking task force operating in the district of the United States attorney; and 
the level of coordination and cooperation, as determined by the Attorney General. 
trends, challenges, and opportunities, including new investigative strategies, techniques, and technologies, that will enhance Federal, State, local, and tribal efforts to combat human trafficking. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, and in consultation with the Administration on Children and Families and other agencies with experience in serving victims of human trafficking, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant or contract to an eligible entity to train health care professionals to recognize and respond to victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
practices or tools for health professionals to recognize potential victims of a severe form of trafficking; and 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social services as appropriate. 
attitude of health care professionals resulting from the implementation of the program; 
(ii) the number of victims of a severe form 
who received information or referrals for services offered; and 
(iv) of those victims who received such information or referrals— 
center that is receiving assistance under section 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 280h–5, and 300). 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients information (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
appropriated to carry out this title, and this title shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring a 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) made by this section shall take effect 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for training child protective services workers about identifying, assessing, and providing comprehensive services for children who are sex trafficking victims, including efforts to coordinate with State law enforcement, juvenile justice, and social service agencies such as runaway and homeless youth shelters to serve this population;’’; and 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106g) is amended— 
of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including sexual abuse as determined under section 111)’’ after ‘‘sexual abuse or exploitation’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Secretary considers appropriate, with respect to how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; and 
approach a suspected victim of human trafficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training perform their official duties; 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress with respect to the overall effectiveness of the program required by this title, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human trafficking was suspected, and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of human trafficking. 
The Secretary may provide training curricula to any State, local, or tribal government or private organization to assist the government or organization in establishing a program of training to identify human trafficking, upon request from the government or organization. 
Code, as added by section 101 of this Act, is amended— 
that any arrest or conviction of an individual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Federal, State, or local agency; and 
who are human trafficking survivors in public and court records; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 178, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
We are here today to consider comprehensive legislation that will help address the scourge of human trafficking, generally, and child sex trafficking, specifically, that is occurring in every corner of the United States as we stand here today. 
Investigation, sex trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. One organization estimates that child sex trafficking in the United States alone is a $9.8 billion industry. 
some of the most violent criminal street gangs like MS–13, have realized that selling children can be more profitable than selling drugs. This is because drugs are only sold once, but minor children can be and are prostituted multiple times a day, every day. It is time for Congress to send a clear message that we won’t stand for this. 
have stood on the House floor urging the passage of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The House passed similar legislation in May 2014 and, again, in January of this year. 
its predecessors, are comprehensive legislation that, among other things, provide additional resources to law enforcement and service providers through a victimcentered grant program, help to facilitate investigations by providing that child sex trafficking and other similar crimes are predicate offenses for State wiretap applications, address the demand side by clarifying that it is a Federal crime to solicit or patronize child prostitutes or adult victims forced into prostitution, and strengthens the existing Federal criminal laws against trafficking through a number of clarifying amendments. I am very pleased that a number of 
separate trafficking vehicles that were originally passed by the House Judiciary Committee and then by the full House are contained within S. 178, including the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015, introduced by Mr. PAULSEN of Minnesota; the SAVE 
of Missouri; and the Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015, introduced by Mrs. NOEMof South Dakota. I thank all 
of my colleagues for their dedication to ending this terrible crime. 
sponsoring the two previous House versions of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
thank both House and Senate leadership, as well as the bill’s sponsor, Senator CORNYN , for agreeing to fix technical issues with the bill in future legislation, but it is my belief that this legislation will do much good in the fight to end human trafficking. 
to support the bill and thus send it to the President to be signed into law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and thank him for his leadership in making sure that this bill would come to the floor. Along with the ranking member, Mr. CONYERS ; 
subcommittee chairman, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER ; and myself as the ranking 
member, we are grateful for the leadership of our colleagues in working through the human trafficking legislation. 
words that all of us have said very often. Tragically and heinously, sex trafficking, human trafficking, and the trafficking of children keeps on giving in an ugly, horrible, disastrous way that ruins the lives of innocent victims for they are used over and over again. 
I stand here recognizing that Houston ranks very high among those cities that have the scourge of human trafficking. In fact, as I rise to support S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, I recognize that human trafficking is a scourge that impacts greatly on my home district in Houston, Texas. Houston currently ranks number one among the U.S. cities with the most victims of human trafficking. 
member from New York, who worked together to bring about this bipartisan legislation. 
well from the Homeland Security Committee. Judge POEjoined us in the first 
human trafficking hearing that I held in Houston, Texas, to further emphasize the coming together of law enforcement and social service advocates 
written, there were so many different groups from faith organizations putting on walks to talk about trafficking. Houston recognized that they had a problem they need to fix. 
it was making its way through the House, we even had a massive human trafficking raid, if you will, where there were 20 to 30 persons in a home just a short distance from downtown. A couple of the individuals were minors. We know what their end would be. 
trafficking victims are in my home State of Texas. Currently, 30 percent of all human trafficking tips to the national rescue hotline come from Texas; but this is a national problem. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways reported to the center are likely victims of minor sex trafficking and that at least 100,000 American children are victims of sex trafficking each year. 
It is our duty to rescue these children, shelter them, and help them recover from the trauma that has been inflicted upon them. It is also our duty to prevent those crimes before they happen and to provide law enforcement with the tools they need to combat human traffickers. 
in the war against sex trafficking which, unfortunately, is the fastest growing business of organized crime in the United States, generating an estimated $9 billion annually. Mr. Speaker, we have said it continues to generate income and revenue. 
I am very glad that there are a number of legislative initiatives incorporated into this final legislative document and that this will go to the President’s desk and be signed. 
I am glad it includes language I submitted in the Judiciary Committee that puts Congress squarely on the record in the sense of Congress, that we stand together on the issue of opposing human trafficking and viewing it as a dastardly deed. 
Although not perfect, this is a comprehensive bill that includes a variety of measures intended to strike at the problem of child sex trafficking through prevention, law enforcement, and rehabilitation services for victims. 
What I like most of all is that it puts 
the United States Congress and, ultimately, the President of the United States and the laws of the land on the side of children and on the side of victims who have been trafficked or victims of sex trafficking. The bill strikes at the demand for this business by adding criminal prohibitions for those who solicit and advertise human trafficking. 
identified online sex acts as the number one platform for buying and selling of sex with children and young women. 
their homes and victimize individuals. This is an important step forward for law enforcement, to have the tools to reach those predators wherever they are. 
rebuild the lives of those exploited by this business, and it specifically addresses the needs of thousands of homeless children, many of whom are on the streets of Houston. I say to them today that they will be embraced with a document that stands on their side, many who have fled physically and sexually abusive homes, only to be victimized again by sex traffickers. 
bill is moving, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a member of the Judiciary 
Committee and a champion in the fight against child sex trafficking and the author of one of the underlying pieces of legislation that led to the bill that we are considering here today. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chairman for bringing this legislation promptly to the House floor today. 
that this Nation debated in this Chamber several volatile issues, including slavery. After 600,000 Americans, both from the North and the South, died in war, slavery was forever banned by the 13th Amendment to our Constitution. 
has risen its head again one more time. The evil enterprise has taken on the enslavement of women and children. Traffickers—slave masters—buy and sell the young in the marketplace of child sex exploitation. 
be led to the stockyards of slavery. The traffickers even brand the victims, Mr. Speaker, on the neck so that other traffickers will know whose property they are. 
is second only to the drug trade; and, as has been mentioned, my hometown of Houston seems to be the hub for child sex trafficking in United States. 
traffic victim, Mr. Speaker, is 13. Maria was an 11yearold girl. She met a person that treated her nicely. He was an older male. Traffickers, Mr. Speaker, do not wear long trench coats. They are relatively young, good looking guys. 
presents; he took her to his home, and then she became a slave. At 11 years old, she was sold on the marketplace for a long time, until she was able to escape the traffickers. That is what is taking place in our country. 
Congress is united in stopping this curse of slavery. Ten bills dealing with sex trafficking overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives. One of those was one that I sponsored, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, 
pieces of legislation, and you don’t get much more bipartisan than CAROLYN  
from Texas agreeing. We are only separated, as Churchill said, by a common language. I want to thank her for her hard work for years on the issue of trafficking. The Senate combined these 10 bills, made some positive changes, and their bill passed the Senate 99–0. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act goes after the trafficker— the slave master, the slaveholder. It treats the child as a victim and not as a criminal and not as a child prostitute. It rescues the victim, and it targets the demand—the buyer, the child abuser—that buys these children for pleasure. 
judges to impose not only prison for these criminals, but may order that fees go into a fund. That fund can be used for victims’ services and even training for peace officers. Make these criminals pay the rent on the courthouse and pay for the system that they have created. 
been involved in these numerous issues. I especially want to thank the ladies of the House of Representatives on both sides for bringing this issue to a vote today. They are very powerful, Mr. Speaker, on this issue. They deserve recognition. 
I also want to commend Senator CORNYN for the legislation he pushed forward—the original bill that we are voting on today—in the Senate of the United States. 
deny the inconvenient truth of sex trafficking. The enslavement of children is not acceptable, and it will not be tolerated. It will not be tolerated in this country, and it is not going to be tolerated in other countries as well. 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , 
LEADER PELOSI : We are an alliance of organizations and individual advocates from across the United States dedicated to improving the lives of vulnerable women and children. We write to express our support for the Senate antitrafficking package, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, as amended, S. 178 (JVTA package) recently voted out of the Senate unanimously. This package, which includes nearly all of the trafficking bills passed overwhelmingly by the House in January, would provide much needed services to victims of human trafficking and help ensure that child victims ensnared in the sex trade are no longer arrested and treated as criminals. According to the FBI, over 80 percent of all 
confirmed sex trafficking cases in the U.S. involve U.S. citizens, yet across the country, victims still lack basic necessities. Simply stated, there are more animal shelters in our country than programs or beds for victims of trafficking. This critical legislation provides unprecedented support to victims, who for too long have endured arrest, imprisonment, and stigma for their victimization instead of support and services. The Senate package contains critical funding for housing and services—a crucial element the House companion lacks. Moreover, the legislation supports training for federal prosecutors and judges on the importance of requesting and ordering restitution, so that victims can receive the compensation they are rightly owed by law. 
women and children are bought and sold. The unfettered demand for sex has caused pimps 
and exploiters to resort to more extreme tactics in order to meet exploding demand. The JVTA package directs the Department of Justice to incorporate strategies for reducing demand into antitrafficking training programs and sting operations, including Innocence Lost. Women and children, especially girls, are advertised online where buyers purchase them with ease and anonymity. This happens in every city, in every state. The JVTA package would help fight online exploitation and work to bring buyers of child sex to justice. It creates a new partnership with wounded warriors, training them to serve as online investigators of child pornography and exploitation. 
Advocates know: this is the most comprehensive and thoughtful piece of antitrafficking legislation in years. The JVTA package represents a tremendous bipartisan effort to provide necessary support and protections for our victims of human trafficking, and at long last ends the culture of impunity for those who purchase our most vulnerable for sex. But these victims have waited too long. After several years of advocacy and over a month of delay on the Senate side, we are just one step away from providing this population with justice and healing. 
As leaders in the antitrafficking, antiviolence, faithbased, child welfare, law enforcement, and human rights movements, we urge the House to take up and pass this vital legislation without delay. 
(Rights4Girls); National Domestic Violence Hotline; Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW); Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN); ECPATUSA; Girls Inc.; Shared Hope International; Equality Now; National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges (NCJFCJ); National Association of Police Organizations (NAPO); National Alliance to End Sexual Violence; New York State Coalition Against Sexual Assault; Washington Coalition of Sexual Assault Services; Utah Coalition Against Sexual Assault; Arizona Coalition to End Sexual and Domestic Violence; Florida Council Against Sexual Violence; New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic & Sexual Violence; Ohio Alliance to End Sexual Violence. 
Wisconsin Coalition Against Sexual Assault; Connecticut Sexual Assault Crisis Services; National Children’s Alliance (NCA); Jewish Women International (JWI); Children’s Advocacy Institute; National Association of Counsel for Children; Courtney’s House, survivorled service provider; PROTECT; First Focus Campaign for Children; Franciscan Action Network; Breaking Free, survivorled service provider; The Organization for Prostitution Survivors; Religious Sisters of Charity; Sanctuary for Families; Maryknoll Sisters of St. Dominic. 
Dominican Sisters of Peace; DC Rape Crisis Center; Congregation of St. Joseph; Religious of the Sacred Heart; Survivors for Solutions, survivorled service provider; YouthSpark; Poverty Elimination and Community Action (PEACE) Foundation; Providence House Inc.; Freedom From Exploitation; Society of the Holy Child Jesus, American Province; Sisters of Mercy; Second Life of Chattanooga; Girls Inc. of the Pacific Northwest; Advocacy for Justice and Peace Committee of the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia; Naomi Project; YWCA National Capital Area; U.S. Fund for UNICEF. 
Christ United Methodist Church; ENC Stop Human Trafficking; Sisters of St. Joseph CA; W. Haywood Burns Institute; Sisters of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; School Sisters of Notre Dame—CP Province Shalom—JPIC Office; WestCoast Children’s Clinic; Pan Pacific and South East Asia Women’s Association; Trinity Health; Ursuline Sisters of Tildonk, U.S. Province; Society for Incentive Travel Excellence (SITE). 
United Methodist Church; Daughters of Mary and Joseph; Presbyterian Women; Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary, Western American Province; San Francisco Department on the Status of Women; Enterprising and Professional Women—NYC; MPower Mentoring; Children Now; Hollywood Business and Professional Women; Mark P. Lagon, Former AmbassadorAtLarge to Combat Trafficking in Persons, U.S. Dept. of State. 
Delores Barr Weaver Policy Center; Perhaps Kids Meeting Kids Can Make A Difference; California Federation Business & Professional Women; Virginia Beach Justice Initiative; Sex Trafficking Survivors United; Burning Bush Moments; Sara Kruzan, Survivor Advocate; Mary David, Survivor Advocate; Mentari, New Yorkbased trafficking provider; MISSSEY Inc.; WITNESS; World Outreach Worship Center; Citizens Against Trafficking; Culture Reframed; Parenting Project. 
Charity of St. Elizabeth; Samaritan House; Regent Law Center for Global Justice, Human Rights, and the Rule of Law; The Advisory Council on Child Trafficking; Center for Global Justice; Slavery Today; The Salvation Army 614 Corps; Regent Law Center for Global Justice; Dare for More; Sisters of St. Joseph NW PA; The Samaritan Women; Worthwhile: Go; CHI Memorial Community Health Center; Hamilton County Health Department. 
Place of Hampton Roads; Lee University; Hope Hollow Exploitation Victim Assistance and Consultation Services; Task Force Against Human Trafficking for the Episcopal Diocese of New York; Protect HER; Mary Kay Cosmetics; Community Coalition Against Human Trafficking; Chattanooga Women’s Club; Brainerd Baptist Church; Young America Ministries. 
Duoloyi Ministry; Hamilton County Health Department; Gateway Christian Center; Sisters of Charity; OLP Foundation; The Advocates for Human Rights; Burks United Methodist Church; Sisters of Providence; Congregation of Sisters of St. Agnes; Chattanooga Coalition Against Human Trafficking; Regent University Center for Global Justice; Episcopal Diocese of New York. 
Institute for Asian American Concerns; Therapeutic Interventions, Inc.; Church of the Incarnation; Lutheran Family Services of Virginia; Center for Global Justice at Regent Law; Children’s Law Center of California; Seraphim Global; Christina Oaks; Chattanooga State Community College; Savior Arts, Inc.; Church of the Holy Comforter; 
Sex Trade 101; Project Woman, Ohiobased domestic violence and sexual assault center. 
Up Center; Foster Familybased Treatment Association; Alternatives to Violence Center; Tri County Help Center, Inc.; Alameda County Foster Youth Alliance; Business and Professional Women (BPW); Amara Legal Center; All Saints Episcopal Church; University of Hawai’i at Ma ¯noa; Advancing the 
Ministries of the Gospel (AMG) International; Sisters of Charity of St. Elizabeth; St. Paul’s Episcopal Church. 
New York Presbyterian Church; First Centenary United Methodist Church; West Virginia Foundation for Rape Information and Services; Rape Crisis Team Trumbull County; Cleveland Rape Crisis Center; Poverty Elimination and Community Education (PEACE) Foundation; SHEBA USA; Hope Tree Family Services. 
And that is just the way it is. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
gives me great privilege to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
over the years on issues dealing with women’s rights and the abuse and misuse of children and certainly her work on the issues of sexual abuse and sex trafficking of children and women. 
Congresswoman MALONEY is a member of the Financial Services Committee and an original cosponsor, along with Congressman POE, of this legislation in the House. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Senatepassed Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations for her hard work on this bill and so many others and on this issue, and to Chairman GOODLATTE and the 
leadership for bringing this bill swiftly to the floor. 
judge and prosecutor, brought a keen understanding and passion to moving this bill forward. For well over 10 years, I have worked on trying to pass legislation that focused on the demand side of sex trafficking. It is only by going after the demand side that you will ever make a dent in protecting these young girls and boys. With his leadership, he brought new life and focus to getting this passed, and I cannot thank him enough. I truly believe that this bill will save lives. 
Republicans have come together, as we have historically done, in efforts to combat human slavery, human trafficking, and to bring forward a bill to help victims of this modernday form of slavery. 
and provides resources to trafficking survivors. There are an estimated 21 million victims around the world today, including in all 50 States, being 
bad people. Every year, sex trafficking yields well over $9 billion in illegal profits. But unlike guns and dope that can only be sold once, the human body can be sold over and over again, usually until they die. This legislation starts to put a dent in those profits by levying fines on convicted traffickers and using the money to create the domestic trafficking victims fund. 
This is appropriate justice. Traffickers are forced to pay for rehabilitative services for the girls, boys, men, women, and children whom they have victimized and profited from. 
But we have to capture these criminals first, and perpetrators too easily have slipped through the cracks. In fact, trafficking victims are commonly charged with prostitution, while their pimps and johns and traffickers are never held accountable for their terrible crimes. 
giving law enforcement tools to help victims, and new powers and resources to identify, arrest, and prosecute buyers and sellers of sex with minor children, pornography, slave labor, and other forms of sex and labor trafficking. This will clarify, once and for all, that traffickers and johns and pimps are the true criminals in sex trafficking because, make no mistake, prostitution is not, and never has been, what has often been called a victimless crime. 
not a casual act of sex; it is a criminal act of rape. Stiffening penalties and levying fines on perpetrators of these terrible crimes can start to decrease demand and put the people who buy and sell children behind bars, protecting other children from being hurt and destroyed—put them behind bars, where they belong. 
survivors to get the help that they deserve. Most trafficked individuals have multiple encounters with law enforcement while enslaved, but police are not sufficiently equipped to identify them. To that end, the bill also provides support for law enforcement to better identify and serve trafficking victims. These are victims who need help, not culprits to lock up while their traffickers and pimps go free. 
We cannot afford to miss opportunities to recognize a trafficked victim when he or she walks into the police station or hospital or local clinic. And there must be protocols, such as those called for in this bill, in place to ensure their safety and not to treat them as the criminals. 
approach to address these issues and to banish this horrific crime from the United States of America. I urge Congress to act right away so victims need wait no longer for justice and the critical services and resources that they so desperately deserve. I urge complete 
long overdue, and it will give a better future for those who have survived the worst crime in the world. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
York. This bill is so critically important. Of all the bills that we have passed—and this body, in a bipartisan way, has passed a whole series of bills— this particular one has enforcement, it has prevention, and it has help for the survivors. 
this important piece of legislation, and we can’t pass it fast enough. 
too, would like to join the gentleman from Texas in thanking the gentlewoman from New York for her good work on this for a long time now, and to thank the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee, Ms. JACKSON LEE, for this bipartisan legislation. 
gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W AGNER), another champion in the fight 
very much for his leadership on this issue and so many others. 
of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and all of the House passed human trafficking legislation that was incorporated into this Senate bill. 
Mr. Speaker, today marks the culmination of a long journey for myself and many Members in both Chambers who have worked on this important issue. This legislation represents a significant step forward in the Federal Government’s efforts to combat the scourge of modernday slavery, known as human trafficking. This bill makes enormous progress in the fight against trafficking by providing resources to law enforcement officials and collecting fees from sex traffickers that go into a new fund for victims. 
It also includes my signature legislation, the SAVE Act, which make it illegal to knowingly advertise the victims of human trafficking, especially on the Internet. I thank my friends and colleagues, Senator MARK KIRK and 
SAVE Act as an amendment to this very important legislation. 
Beyond the multiple tools and resources it gives to law enforcement and survivors, this legislation also serves an important symbolic purpose. This bill symbolizes the longstanding and steadfast commitment that Members of Congress have towards protecting the most vulnerable members of our society. 
of women and children be allowed to continue unchecked. No longer will sexual predators be allowed to torture, 
rape, and kill young Americans in the name of financial profit. Mr. Speaker, with this legislation, we are providing voice to the voiceless and advocating for those who cannot advocate for themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of all of 
the good, bipartisan work done by my colleagues here in Congress on this issue of human trafficking. Years of work by many of my colleagues, including Representatives POE, SMITH, 
many, many others, Mr. Speaker, have laid the foundation for this long overdue action. 
I am grateful that many of my colleagues have held events in their home districts to raise awareness and educate the public about human trafficking. Awareness, training, and education are the key to preventing this horrible crime from happening in the first place. Young people must be warned about the devious and manipulative strategies employed by traffickers to ensnare them in the trap of sexual slavery. 
school students. Pimps or traffickers are known to prey on victims as young as 9 years old. Traffickers may target minor victims through social media Web sites, afterschool programs, shopping malls and clubs, and through friends or acquaintances who recruit students on school campuses. 
human trafficking is through education. Many States have successful programs that train school personnel about how to identify the victims. We should work with schools to develop policies and protocols and partnerships to address and prevent the exploitation of children. 
Partnership between public and private sectors is the key to combating human trafficking. Many times, frontline employees in the transportation and hospitality industry are the ones best suited to identify trafficking victims or their predators. Increased awareness and training will lead to more victims being identified, which is the critical step in breaking the cycle of exploitation and victimization. 
to support this legislation and all efforts to combat human trafficking, and I look forward to continuing this work in the House of Representatives, and this Congress as a whole, for years to come. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), a great advocate for human rights here in the House. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, a comprehensive bill authored by Senator CORNYN , with 
includes numerous bipartisan bills passed by the House earlier this year under the extraordinary leadership of Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY , 
provide powerful new tools in the struggle to abolish modernday slavery, including a domestic trafficking victims fund designed to provide assistance to victims of human trafficking and grants to States and localities funded by a $5,000 penalty assessed on convicted offenders. 
from the horror of trafficking, strengthen the child welfare agency response, aid victims of child pornography, and criminalize advertisement for the commercial exploitation of children. 
know, there are approximately 100,000 American children, mostly runaways, trafficked in the U.S. The average age of initial enslavement is 13. 
charged with prostitution, fined, or put in juvenile detention, where there are, or should be, other options available. These children, mostly young girls, need to be protected and cared for and treated with compassion and respect, not prosecution. The pending bill moves us towards this goal. 
give preferential treatment in awarding public safety and communityoriented police grants to an applicant from a State that treats a minor engaged in commercial sex as a victim. 
groundbreaking study conducted by Laura Lederer and funded by several foundations, including the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that found that approximately 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims ‘‘had contact with a health care provider while being trafficked, with the most common being a hospital’’ or a hospital emergency room, almost 64 percent. 
best practices will, without a doubt, help victims escape from this cruelty to freedom and protection. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 
178—the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015—a comprehensive bill authored by Senator CORNYN , with input from many. 
numerous bipartisan bills passed by the House earlier this year under the extraordinary leadership of Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY, Conference Chair C ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS and Chairman G OODLATTE . 
powerful new tools in the struggle to abolish modern day slavery including a Domestic Trafficking Victims Fund designed to provide assistance to victims of human trafficking and grants to states and localities funded by a $5,000 penalty assessed on convicted offenders. 
child pornography, criminalize advertisement for the commercial exploitation of children, and beefs up the Departments of Homeland Security, Defense and HHS’ antihuman trafficking activities. 
American children, mostly runaways, trafficked in the U.S. The average age of initial enslavement is 13 years old. 
charged for prostitution, fined or put in juvenile detention, when there are—or should be— other options available. These children, mostly young girls, need to be protected and cared for and treated with compassion and respect— not prosecuted. The pending bill moves us toward this goal. 
Indeed, Title VI authorizes DOJ to give preferential treatment in awarding public safety and community oriented police grants to an applicant from a state that treats a minor engaged in commercial sex as a victim—because that is what they are and that’s already federal law due to the TVPA of 2000. 
Title VII of S. 178 was inspired by a 
groundbreaking study conducted by Laura Lederer and funded by several foundations, including the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that found approximately 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims ‘‘had contact with a health care provider while being trafficked with the most common contact being a hospital/ER (63.3%).’’ 
Situation awareness coupled with best practices will without a doubt help victims escape to freedom and protection. 
award a competitive grant to an eligible entity to design and implement a pilot program utilizing evidencebased best practices to train health care professionals to recognize trafficking victims and respond effectively. 
bills are often difficult to pass. When I first introduced the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, in 1998, the legislation was met with a wall of skepticism and opposition. People both inside of government and out thought the bold new legislation that included sheltering, asylum, and significant protections for the victims long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers, and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet minimum standards was merely a solution in search of a problem. 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 as well as reauthorizations of that law in 2003 and 2005, I believe the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act will further prevent the horrific crime of human trafficking, protect and assist victims, and aid in the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
I ask how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 5
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), who has also 
contributed one of the pieces of legislation included in this effort, and I thank the gentleman. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to first thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on combating this issue because today is a very important moment in the fight against modernday slavery. 
parties have been working diligently with law enforcement, with victims, with social service providers and policy experts to end the sale and victimization of innocent girls. This bill today is the culmination now of all the initiatives previously passed in the House that will increase penalties for pimps and johns, that will enhance the Federal Government’s response to trafficking, that will increase cooperation with governments overseas, and it will go after the Web sites that aid in the trafficking of minors. 
includes my legislation, the safe harbor legislation, that ensures that we will be treating minors who are trafficked as victims, rather than as criminals, and improve the services that they receive. 
see today, they use every tool they can use to keep victims silent and under their control, whether it is by using threats, violence, drugs, or deception. 
thing in common: it is a loss of freedom and a loss of the ability to speak out. Today we stand with these victims to bring them out of the shadows and say, enough is enough, because our girls are not for sale. 
I thank the Members who have spoken and highlighted a number of points that I want to reinforce. 
Texas (Mr. P OE) have said: that we are 
now looking the pimps and the johns straight in the eye and really focusing on demand. But connected to demand are those lives, those lives that we want to restore and give them a new opportunity in life. We want them to not be bruised. We want them to have the ability to restore their lives as young as under 10, 11, or 12, teenagers or young women. 
want to highlight, promotes rehabilitation by encouraging the development of specialized court programs for victims of child human trafficking. 
I realize how vulnerable our children are all over the world. And what I am most interested in is the outpatient treatment, life skills training, housing placement, vocational training, education, family support services, and job placement. 
who has been victimized, they are empty. They are without any substance to know that they have something of quality to save and to mold 
and to build. The rehabilitation part of this particular legislation—and I do want to acknowledge the gentleman from Texas, Senator CORNYN —is a very, 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
strong support of the legislation before us to combat human trafficking. 
gentleman from Virginia, Chairman GOODLATTE , and his committee, but I 
would also especially like to thank our senior Senator from the State of Texas, Mr. CORNYN , for his leadership in getting this important legislation through the Senate. 
our laws against human trafficking, train law enforcement to better target criminals engaged in trafficking, and ensure that the victims of human trafficking are cared for with compassion. 
homes, enslaved, treated as objects. Human trafficking is a terrible, heinous crime, and its victims are usually voiceless. Today we are their voice, and we are taking action on their behalf. 
and services that help victims to be identified, rescued, and, most importantly, to begin to heal from these traumatic events. S. 178 takes steps that would serve as a model for other nations to follow in combating the inhumane crime of human trafficking. 
We must do all that we can to restore 
dignity to its victims and bring justice to its perpetrators, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
have the privilege of now yielding 4 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), the 
author of H.R. 246 that protects children from being criminalized, which is included in this bill, and I thank her for her work. 
today in strong support of the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, S. 178. 
of the Judiciary Committee for bringing this important bill to the floor for consideration. I also would like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, 
for her leadership and for managing the bill today for the Democrats, and a special thank you to the original sponsors. 
major milestone in our efforts to crack down on sex trafficking and to help protect vulnerable children across America. 
it and nine other bipartisan House bills aimed at combating the scourge of human trafficking. 
Chairman GRASSLEY of Iowa for offering the language of my bill as an amendment during the markup of S. 178 to ensure its inclusion in this legislation. 
through the Senate Judiciary Committee markup to witness and hear the committee’s discussion and vote. Today I am proud to stand on this House floor with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, advocating for this legislation that will provide child sex trafficking victims with greater restitution, justice, and resources. 
one of the fastestgrowing crimes in the world. We have heard that, and it is worth repeating. 
States State Department, human trafficking is the world’s secondlargest criminal enterprise after the illegal drug trade. 
in faraway lands. It happens in our own backyards. 
led discussions on preventing child sex trafficking in my district. Last year, I joined a bipartisan roundtable discussion to hear firsthand stories and challenges from once child victim Theresa Flores, who is now a national spokesperson and bestselling author of ‘‘The Slave Across the Street.’’ 
children are at risk each year for commercial sexual exploitation. In my home State of Ohio, each year, an estimated 1,100 Ohio children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. 
in the United States is between 12 and 13 years of age. At this early age, Mr. Speaker, children should be in middle school, making new friends, playing sports, enjoying afterschool programs, or just being children. 
better, and today’s legislation is a muchneeded step in that right direction. 
successfully combat trafficking. Preventing, identifying, and serving victims of trafficking requires a multicoordinated approach across all levels of government as well as input and assistance from nongovernmental entities and the American people. 
Federal law to include the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ to reinforce that children who are trafficked should not be criminalized as prostitutes; instead, treated as victims. We need to ensure people understand that if they report an instance of child sex trafficking, law enforcement is not going to pursue the child and prosecute them as a criminal. They are victims. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
end by asking and encouraging all people, when they see something, say something. 
today to support this legislation so we may send it to the President’s desk for signature, finally bringing justice to the tens of thousands of human trafficking victims. 
I inquire how much time remains on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 3
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
many important points have been made, and I would just like to quickly summarize by adding my appreciation, again, to the sponsors and to the speakers today, Congresswoman MALONEY and Congresswoman B EATTY , and, 
of course, the speakers of our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
think should pierce our hearts, which is that children should be protected. 
There are several elements that I think are important to make mention of regarding these children being protected. 
responsibilities of the Attorney General to create a system to monitor the issuance and enforcement of mandatory restitution. Remember, these children have been victimized over the years and really have been thrown to foster care or other agencies where moneys were not available. These restitution orders will compensate victims not only of human trafficking but also related immigration and child pornography cases. The establishment of a domestic victims fund will also improve the conditions for our children. 
important part of this bill that establishes a national cyber crimes center to manage and provide data essential for this effort. It authorizes the U.S. Marshals Service to provide assistance to State, local, and other Federal law enforcement agencies. It has placed the U.S. Marshals in a very effective manner. 
mandatory minimums. In a very small way in this bill, we will be looking at sentencing reformation and reform in the following months. 
are enormously important. This is a very important bill. And I think it is very important that we move this legislation and view it as an embracing of our children and protecting of our women, standing as a country against the violence of sex trafficking and child trafficking. 
Might I also say that this bill encourages and forces training for our law enforcement, something that we view as 
very important as we are going forward, to investigate human trafficking as well as training for those essential to our criminal justice system. 
have finally come full circle to be able to stand again on the floor of the House and acknowledge that if you engage in these activities, we will find you wherever you are, and we will prosecute you. And the idea that you can hide as a pimp or a john is no more, and the idea that children are left to their own devices after they have been victimized is no more. 
strengthen families, to provide for these children, and, as my colleague has just said, not to criminalize the children but, tragically, first to restore the victims’ lives. 
Senate bill, the underlying bill, the bill on the floor of the House. I thank the members of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, the members of the Judiciary Committee here in the House, both the chairman and ranking member, and the members of our committee as we work through this process, and all the Members who put forward outstanding initiatives that are now a part of this legislation. 
that greatly impacts on my home district in Houston, Texas. Houston currently ranks #1 among U.S. cities with the most victims of human trafficking. Twentyfive percent of all human trafficking victims are in my home state of Texas. Currently, thirty percent of all human trafficking tips to the National Rescue Hotline come from Texas. 
threat alone. Human trafficking impacts our whole nation. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways reported to the Center are likely victims of minor sex trafficking, and that at least 100,000 American children are the victims of sex trafficking each year. 
It is our duty to rescue these children, shelter them, and help them recover from the trauma that has been inflicted upon them. It is also our duty to prevent these crimes before they happen and to provide law enforcement 
with the tools they need to combat human traffickers. 
This bill will be a significant weapon in the 
war against sex trafficking, which unfortunately is the fastest growing business of organized crime in the United States, generating an estimated $9 billion annually. 
Although not perfect, S. 178 is a comprehensive bill that includes a variety of measures intended to strike at the problem of child sex trafficking through prevention, law enforcement, and rehabilitation services for victims. 
This bill addresses the demand for this business by adding criminal prohibitions for those who solicit and advertize human trafficking. Law enforcement officials across the U.S. have identified online sex ads as the number one platform for the buying and selling of sex with children and young women. 
the lives of those exploited by this business. It specifically addresses the needs of thousands 
physically and sexually abusive homes, only to be victimized again by sex traffickers. 
The bill promotes rehabilitation by encouraging the development of specialized court programs for victims of child human trafficking. These court programs will provide: outpatient treatment, life skills training, housing placement, vocational training, education, family support services, and job placement. 
practical needs of those victimized by human trafficking. It is our duty to provide the tools to reclaim these stolen lives. 
grant programs to the States that establish safe harbors for children who have been victims of sex trafficking. These safe harbors play a critical role in preventing youth, forced into the sex trade, from being re victimized and stigmatized a second time by the criminal justice system. 
clearly: these children are not criminals. They are victims of one of the most heinous types of crime, and they deserve to be rescued and treated so that they may have the opportunity of overcoming their horrendous traumas. 
with related criminal charges to be eligible for acceptance in Job Corps program, an important process for reintegration into society. 
restitution for rehabilitation. This bill requires the Attorney General to create a system to monitor the issuance and enforcement of mandatory restitution orders. These restitution orders will compensate victims not only of human trafficking, but also related immigration and child pornography cases. 
Victims Fund will also improve services to children who have been rescued, in the form of longterm rehabilitative services, relief that is long overdue. 
restitution orders will in turn provide a strong basis for determining the next steps necessary to ensure that victims are justly compensated for the traumas inflicted on them by their traffickers. 
current gaps in research and data. This information will be helpful in formulating effective strategies in deterring children from becoming victims of trafficking. It requires the Government Accountability Office to report on both federal and state enforcement efforts to combat human trafficking and the commercial sexual exploitation of children. 
enforcement officers to identify and rescue the victims of human trafficking. The bill establishes a National Cyber Crimes Center to manage and provide data essential for this effort. It authorizes the U.S. Marshals Service to provide assistance to state, local, and other federal law enforcement agencies in locating and recovering missing children when requested to do so by those agencies. 
Given the Marshals Service’s wellestablished history, reputation, and success in locating missing persons and fugitives, this requirement makes perfect sense. 
for law enforcement to effectively combat human trafficking. In my home state, it is well known to both state and federal officials that Mexican cartels facilitate, control, and benefit 
from nearly all human smuggling activity along the TexasMexico border. As I’ve already mentioned, domestic human trafficking is a nine billiondollar business. 
with the tools to prosecute these crimes and to rebuild the lives of those exploited by this business 
S. 178 gives block grants to states to assist 
law enforcement with the expenses of wiretaps, the use of experts, and essential travel. 
between law enforcement and a variety of other entities, including: child advocacy centers, social service agencies, state governmental health service agencies, housing agencies, and legal services agencies. 
When it comes to recovering and rehabilitating our missing children, we must utilize every available resource. 
foster training for law enforcement to investigate human trafficking as well as for training for those essential to our criminal justice system, such as physical and mental health care providers, federal prosecutors, and judges. 
the victims of rape by providing incentives to states to pass laws allowing termination of parental rights of rapists. 
by prosecuting not just the trafficker, but also—for the first time—those who patronize and solicit children for illicit sexual acts. Without the consumers of the human sex trafficking, there would be no victims. 
using the Internet to advertise human trafficking. While the Internet has enriched out lives significantly, it has also provided traffickers with a ready tool used to further the heinous trafficking of minors for sex. 
Finally, the bill will help to foster better collaboration among federal, state, and local law enforcement in the fight against sex trafficking. Specifically, S. 178 directs that a task force be established within the Violent Crimes Against Children Program to facilitate such coordination. 
This bill attacks the scourge of human trafficking by undercutting demand, providing law enforcement with the tools they need for intervention, and by providing rehabilitation and recovery for the victims of human trafficking. 
I had hoped that before S. 178 was presented to the President, it would not contain provisions that extend the use of mandatory minimum sentences. Frankly, I am surprised that the final bill includes additional mandatory minimum sentencing provisions. Mandatory minimums have led to mass incarceration and a one sizefitsall philosophy in sentencing that we should reject. But the overall value of the bill in protecting child sex victims and adult and child trafficking and sex victims is crucial. I support the vital purpose of this bill. On balance however, the many other positive provisions this legislation provides to combat human trafficking counsels in favor of its passage. Nevertheless, we must be vigilant in monitoring the execution of this bill after it becomes law, and effectuate modifications if necessary. The health and welfare of so many of our young people depend on it. The U.S. Department of Justice estimates that 300,000 children in this country are at risk of being trafficked. Mr. Speaker, it is for these innocent children 
With that, I ask for Members’ support on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
my pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) who has 
also contributed a major piece of the legislation before the House today. 
issue that I believe many people see as far removed from them and their families, but the reality is that it is happening all around us: in our schools, near our homes, on Web sites that our kids visit and frequent. 
people today but to bring into perspective that it isn’t just happening overseas or in communities far away from our homes. It is happening across this country, even in my home State of South Dakota. 
ways that people are trafficked, according to Kimberly LaPlante, who works at an organization called Call to Freedom in Sioux Falls. One, trafficking victims are brought from bigger cities or from our Native American reservations and sent to the North Dakota oil fields. Two, they are sold at large events, like the annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. Or three, it is homegrown trafficking, meaning this demand originates in my State, and that, by the way, is the most common problem across this country. 
General’s Office held a 6day undercover operation at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in western South Dakota. They put up an online ad and, over the 6 days, received more than 180 responses. 
thing in a community not far from my home. Over the course of 2 days, they received 110 responses. 
This form of slavery is happening almost every single day, and it is time we do something about it. This bill is our opportunity to do something about it. It is an opportunity for both Chambers of Congress to stand together and support legislation that protects our children and our communities. 
One of the components of this legislation is a provision that I wrote to help combat many of the problems that we are facing in South Dakota but also other places in the country. 
for underage victims in the United States. The language that I wrote included in this bill ensures that shelters can get access to more resources to build safe housing for those trying to escape and recover from trafficking. 
There is also a severe lack of information about trafficking and its victims. To help prevent it and to intervene when it does occur, my language 
aims to make sure that the information on the state of trafficking in this country is analyzed and used to decide how those Federal resources should be used to combat it. 
this package coming to the floor today. I urge the President to sign it quickly so that we can all join hands and act to prevent this human trafficking from continuing across our country and protect as many children and help them heal as we possibly can. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1987) to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— 
Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment— 
Guard is authorized an endofyear strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
The Coast Guard is authorized average military training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: 
the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a manpower requirements plan. 
requirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mission requirements— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
gaps between mission requirements and mission performance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and 
before section 2702 of such title (as added by 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. 
evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard. 
over navigable waters of the United States constituting obstructions to navigation, and for personnel and administrative costs associated with the Alteration of Bridges Program.’’. 
in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and 
in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. 
of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; 
under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
for title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to part II the following: 
title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admirals (two);’’. 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it appears; and 
by reason of the enactment of this Act, including the amendments made by this Act. 
more than 5 positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade, and shall perform such duties as the Commandant may prescribe (if the President designates 5 such positions, 1 position shall be a Chief of Staff); and 
branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and 
while awaiting orders after being relieved from the position, beginning on the day the officer is relieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or cancelled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— 
the person served on active duty as a member of the Coast Guard; and 
for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: 
that will be required to demonstrate that a capability, asset, or subsystem meets performance requirements;’’. 
projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’. 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. 
waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or 
requested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. 
the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— 
to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amended by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The Commandant may recognize any other community in a similar manner if the Commandant determines that such community has demonstrated enduring support of the Coast Guard, Coast Guard personnel, and the dependents of Coast Guard personnel.’’. 
Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea compared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3039) is repealed. 
item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following: 
striking ‘‘ commandant ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Commandant ’’; 
market value of the use of the leased submerged lands or tidelands for the period during which such lands are leased, as determined by the Commandant; 
to or commit the Coast Guard to use or support any improvements to such submerged lands and tidelands, or obtain goods and services from the lessee; and 
in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; 
the item relating to section 199 and inserting the following: 
item relating to section 571 by striking the following: 
shall maintain such cutter in class’’ before the period at the end; 
‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade.’’; 
Security Cutters and Fast Response Cutters participating in the pilot program, a digital boat profile shall be established prior to the commissioning of the cutters. 
the establishment of the pilot program, and annually thereafter for the succeeding 4 years, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— 
this section, the term ‘‘digital boat profile’’ means a commercially available offtheshelf technology that creates an electronic data source with respect to a vessel that— 
including through the incorporation of systems manuals, schematics, and vessel documentation; 
of upcoming maintenance and inspections to multilevel permissionbased recipients on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis; 
discrepancy reporting and postdelivery warranty management of equipment items, the repair and replacement of which are contractually obligated; and 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to navigation established, maintained, or operated by the Coast Guard. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard 
Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the succeeding 4 years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the pilot program, including the impacts of the program with respect to interagency and Coast Guard response capabilities. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish an education program, for members and employees of the Coast Guard, that— 
options, including the ability to utilize both options; and 
conducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— 
Coast Guard, maritime, and other Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel; and 
313 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
or as an appurtenance or intangible of a vessel, for any purpose under Federal law. 
a sanction on any fishing permit issued by the Secretary of Commerce; or 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 31309 the following: 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Secretary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a life saving appliance or arrangement of an innovative or novel design that— 
safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enactment. 
2015, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of— 
craft that ensure that no part of an individual is immersed in water has on— 
(ii) improving the survivability of individuals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(iii) the costs, the incremental cost difference to vessel operators, and the cost effectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; 
nonprofit vessel operators that would be affected by requiring the carriage of such survival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly. 
responsibility for a program under this section shall administer that program consistent with this section and any regulations promulgated pursuant to subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, issued by the Secretary of Transportation, and developed in consultation with each department and agency subject to this section.’’; 
with the department, agency, organization, or person involved, shall have sole responsibility for determining the applicability of this section to a program of a Federal department or agency, after consulting with the department, agency, organization, or person involved. 
agency shall request the Secretary to determine the applicability of this section to a program of such department or agency if the department or agency is uncertain of such applicability. Not later than 30 days after receiving such a request, the Secretary shall make such determination. 
administration of programs subject to the requirements of this section to determine compliance with the requirements of this section;’’; and 
submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary shall make available on the Internet website of 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 
apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufactured, respectively, on or after June 1, 2015. 
a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current credential expires; and 
dates for merchant mariner credentials, mariner medical certificates, and radar observer endorsements for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Section 6 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1225) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Costs recovered by the Secretary under this subsection shall be credited to the appropriation for operating expenses of the Coast Guard. 
3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and 
harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
1940, popularly known as the TrumanHobbs Act, is amended— 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting requirements and procedures included in— 
Office of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Marine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and 
report entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Improvement of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending Table 4 to Subpart H of Part 183–Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Related Equipment for Various Boat Horsepower Ratings (33 C.F.R. 183) as appropriate to reflect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Related Equipment Weights’’ published by the American Boat and Yacht Council, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
other provision of law and pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary, a trusted agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— 
for a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and 
physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or endorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Not later than April 1, 2016, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conclude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— 
change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that occurs before the expiration of the certificate; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— 
agreements with operators of foreignflag vessels that carry liquified natural gas, that provide no less than one training billet per 
vessel for United States merchant mariners in order to meet minimum mandatory sea service requirements; 
curricula for use by public and private maritime training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certification, and document laws and requirements under the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and 
awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and 
1936.—Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are repealed. 
United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 57521 of such title; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or 
chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activities of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. 
for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
only after consultation with the other Commissioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such appointments subject to the approval of the Commission);’’; 
and Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests subject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
of Marin, California shall have the right of first refusal with respect to purchase of the covered property under this section. 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
The Commandant may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
received by the United States in a conveyance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established by section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
421 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (46 U.S.C. 8103 note) is 
Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which occurs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in removal costs and damages (as those terms are defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. 
The International Bridge Act of 1972 is amended by striking section 11 (33 U.S.C. 535h). 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and infrastructure of the House and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a description of actions that could be taken to— 
of the functions currently carried out by the National Vessel Documentation Center, including by— 
better meet the Coast Guard’s vessel documentation mission; and 
with United States ownership requirements for vessels documented under the laws of the United States. 
Chiefs’ Conference shall have the right of first refusal with respect to purchase of the covered property under this section. 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
The Commandant may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
received by the United States from a conveyance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 3.25 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) 
Addition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, Township 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 7239 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alaska, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 Acres and commonly known as 2PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
to the east line of said SE 1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 
feet; thence easterly parallel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— 
future expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Underwater Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any national marine sanctuary that preserves shipwrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and 
end the following: ‘‘, unless the designation documents for such sanctuary do not allow taking up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and 
striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— 
proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103 and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; 
including a list of all annual National Maritime Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant recipients and grant and subgrant amounts; 
to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; 
Academy and State maritime academies, including a list of annual awards; and 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a comparison of the costs incurred by the Federal Government for each of the following alternatives: 
Coast Guard of the Polar Sea to an operational level at which the vessel is capable of such breaking out and missions. 
an icebreaker capable of such breaking out and missions, that will be leased by the Federal Government and operated using a Coast Guard crew. 
Federal entity to perform such breaking out and missions. 
Station, and conducting Coast Guard missions in the United States territory in the Arctic (as that term is defined in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111)); and 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
expenses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a foreign nation, arising during or from the engagement of the seaman by or for a passenger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— 
resident alien of the United States at the time the claim arose; 
representative has or had a right to seek compensation for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1987. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Guard Authorization Act of 2015, reauthorizes funding for the United States Coast Guard through fiscal year 2017 at levels that are fiscally responsible and that will reverse the misguided cuts proposed by the administration. 
the service’s acquisition budget by over 17 percent. This will only worsen the Coast Guard’s growing gaps in mission performance, increase acquisition delays, drive up the costs of new assets, and deny our servicemembers the critical resources they need to perform their duties. 
Mr. Speaker, the Coast Guard has become somewhat of the Swiss Army knife of the seas. They are responsible for law enforcement, dealing with fisheries, alien interdiction, drug interdiction, maritime law, and national security. Mission after mission has been heaped upon the Coast Guard without the corresponding resources for those servicemembers to do their job. H.R. 1987 provides sufficient funding to ensure these cuts do not happen and the service has what it needs to successfully conduct its missions. 
to Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws governing shipping and navigation. Specifically, H.R. 1987 supports Coast Guard servicemembers by authorizing sufficient funds to allow for pay raises consistent with the NDAA and by ensuring they receive access to some of the same benefits as their counterparts in the Department of Defense. 
It improves Coast Guard mission effectiveness by aligning the leadership structure of the service to that of other armed services and by replacing and modernizing Coast Guard assets in a costeffective manner. 
Coast Guard, reduces inefficient operations, and saves taxpayers’ dollars by making commonsense reforms to the service’s administration and its acquisition process. It supports the U.S. flagged and crewed vessels by strengthening the enforcement of cargo preference laws. It encourages job growth 
in the maritime sector by cutting regulatory burdens on job creators. It reauthorizes and reforms the administrative procedures of the Federal Maritime Commission to improve accountability. 
Finally, it includes language to require an independent assessment of leases versus constructing a new polar icebreaker. Mr. Speaker, right now, other nations operating in the Arctic far exceed the capabilities of the United States. This is an area where we must focus and ensure that the United States’ capabilities are capable of protecting our interests in that region. I believe it could potentially deliver this critically needed asset—polar icebreaking capabilities—much sooner and save a tremendous amount of taxpayer funds if we pursue a publicprivate partnership to acquire a polar icebreaker. 
effort that was put together in close consultation with the minority. I want to commend Ranking Members DEFAZIOand G ARAMENDI for their efforts, as 
well as Chairman S HUSTER and Subcommittee Chairman H UNTER for their 
women of the Coast Guard for the tremendous job they do for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers risk their lives on a daily basis to save those in peril, ensure the safety and security of our ports and waterways, and protect our environment; and they do all this on aging and obsolete cutters and aircraft, some of which were first commissioned in World War II. 
and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of the Coast Guard and the deep appreciation we have for the sacrifices they make for our Nation. 
support H.R. 1987, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Subcommittee Ranking Member GARAMENDI and Chairman H UNTER for 
their work on this legislation. I fully support this very important piece of legislation. 
for the United States Coast Guard’s operations, and particularly for its acquisition program. The Coast Guard has been cut to the bone, and everybody knows that. If we fail to ensure adequate funding for the construction of critically needed new cutters, then the Coast Guard of the future will be less capable than the Coast Guard of the past has been, something that should be unacceptable to our Nation. 
measure, which strengthens the enforcement of existing statutes that require governmentimpelled cargoes to be carried on U.S.flagged vessels. Today, according to the Maritime Administration, there are just 83—just 
83—ships flying the U.S. flag in the foreign trade. We have lost more than 20 ships from the U.S.flagged foreign trade fleet just since the end of 2012. 
Our merchant marine not only carries commercial cargo, it provides vital sealift capacity to the United States military. And yet, particularly during periods of demobilization, we have repeatedly allowed our bluewater fleet to decay until unforeseen crises have created an urgent new need for sealift capacity. Such a postmobilization decline is happening again, but now our fleet is falling to such low levels that we risk reaching a tipping point from which we may never recover. We cannot afford to let that happen, and I remind my colleagues this is our watch. 
our existing cargo preference requirements is essential to the success of our U.S.flagged fleet, and it is just like any other Buy America policy that ensures the expenditure of U.S. taxpayer dollars supports the interests of United States taxpayers. 
Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee for working with me to look closely at this critical issue. I also commend Chairman HUNTERfor offering an amendment to the 
NDAA that would provide a 1year increase in the MSP annual operating stipend. I want to thank him for his leadership. 
section 302 of this bill is of deep concern to me. Section 302 would gut much of what was enacted in section 609 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010. Section 609 was enacted to ensure that all survival craft approved by the United States Coast Guard provide the basic protection of keeping individuals out of the water if they are forced to abandon a vessel. Of particular concern is ensuring that the elderly, children, and those with disabilities have access to a survival craft that can actually ensure their survival. The National Transportation Safety Board has been clear for the last 40 years that outof water survival craft save lives. 
Rather than rolling back the requirements contained in the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, we should be focused on ensuring full implementation of these requirements. As such, I hope that before this authorization is finalized, section 302 is removed from it. 
thank my colleagues for their hard work on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. I thank the gentleman. Congratulations here to Chairman 
SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOfor getting this important bill to 
the floor today. We are certainly proud to support our men and women serving in the United States Coast Guard. They 
play such a critical role there through rescue and saving lives and the role that they play also in drug interdiction and in protecting our territorial waters. 
I would also like to recognize the cooperative way in which Chairman Hunter has worked to address concerns about how this bill would impact an important lifesaving program under the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and that is the Food for Peace program. Over the past several years, the effort to reform the Food for Peace program so that we can feed more people in crisis overseas in less time for less money has been portrayed as a zerosum game between the intended beneficiaries of our generosity and the U.S. merchant marine. That is unfortunate because that is wrong. 
need to fix this problem in the sense that, after Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines in 2013, U.S. purchase and shipping requirements delayed deliveries of U.S. food for 3 weeks. Now, fortunately, with the Food for Peace program, those needs were met. 
days to get U.S. food in country even though food has been prepositioned in nearby Sri Lanka. So that is why this element of the Food for Peace program is so important. If we had to wait 45 days to respond to every humanitarian disaster, some people would perish. Certainly many would be on the verge of starvation over that 45day period. 
this year the Coast Guard authorization bill does not raise cargo preference requirements from 50 percent to 75, and further, the bill’s cargo preference enforcement provisions maintain important consultation and public comment requirements. At the same time, the recently passed national defense authorization bill will accelerate support for the existing Maritime Security Program. 
work to ensure that U.S. maritime security needs are fulfilled through a national defense mechanism rather than relying upon food aid cargos. 
Mr. Speaker, preserving U.S. maritime security is essential, but it need not come at the expense of food aid. I look forward to continuing to work 
Member G ARAMENDI on creative solutions that enable us to preserve U.S. maritime security while making Food for Peace more effective, more efficient, and most importantly, getting it there on time for those that are in need after a disaster. 
have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
fact that the U.S. Coast Guard’s mission has fundamentally changed over the last several years in regard to the mission upon mission heaped upon this agency and the greater role they are now playing in regard to national security, cooperating with our other defense and Armed Forces. 
I want to make note that this legislation ensures that the Coast Guard is on a path to playing that role and being able to perform their responsibilities and their duties proficiently. 
support for H.R. 1987, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, legislation that will tend to the needs of our Nation’s fifth military service, the United States Coast Guard. 
I also want to express my sincere appreciation to Chairman HUNTER for his genuine bipartisan collaboration throughout the development of this important legislation. Not only will this bill improve our oversight of the Coast Guard, it also will enhance the capabilities and performance of this indispensable, multimission maritime agency. 
I also want to thank the Chairman of the 
the Ranking Democrat Member, P ETER DEFAZIO, and acknowledge them for their thoughtful 
will provide stability in budget authority for the Coast Guard. Erratic budgets and perpetual continuing resolutions have had a deleterious impact on the Coast Guard. Perhaps most notable, unpredictable and insufficient funding 
has hampered the Coast Guard’s ability to keep pace with its longterm program to recapitalize its offshore fleets of surface and air assets. 
are fifty years old. These vessels are well beyond their estimated service life and have become increasingly unreliable and much more expensive to maintain and repair. We can, and we should, do better by our Coast Guard. 
The authorized funding levels for the Acquisitions, Construction and Improvement Account in this legislation will allow the Coast Guard to keep this recapitalization initiative on track. I am optimistic that these authorizations will send a strong signal to our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee. 
I also support provisions in the bill that will 
require the Coast Guard to initiate longterm capital planning, to require better assessments of mission performance metrics and personnel needs, and to assess and test new communication and vessel management technologies. 
our merchant marine. Provisions that would harmonize the renewal of different mariner credentials and allow mariners greater flexibility in acquiring their medical certifications should improve convenience without sacrificing compliance with fitness and training standards. 
The bill also further advances my strong interest in using the imminent U.S. LNG export trade as a new economic opportunity for our shipyards and the U.S. flag in our foreign trade. 
Transportation to develop guidelines to promote the use of U.S. flag vessels and U.S. 
seafarers in the transport of LNG. I urge members to support this provision that will create maritime jobs here at home. 
not perfect, but rarely is that the case. This legislation is, however, a balanced, responsible and forward thinking product that will support our Coast Guard and address important issues raised by maritime stakeholders. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor, and 
I urge members on both sides to support this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1987, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 6 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 240 
I missed the vote because of flight delay and bad weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1313) to amend title 38, United States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 403, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Hinojosa Hunter Jordan Lamborn Lee Moore Pallone Pascrell Rohrabacher 
Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Sires Tiberi Tsongas Wilson (SC) Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1382) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) that the House suspend the 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 28, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard 
Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Hinojosa Hunter Jordan Lamborn Lee Moore Pallone Pascrell Rohrabacher 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
evening, I was unavoidably detained and unable to cast votes on three bills: H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act, as amended; H.R. 1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act; and H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act, as amended. 
today I missed the following votes: H.R. 91, the Veteran’s I.D. Card Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 1313, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 1382, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act. Had I been present, 
241, and 242. I was unavoidably detained due to a flight delay. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ ‘‘aye,’’ and ‘‘aye.’’ 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR AN EVENT TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA I 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of Senate Concurrent Resolution 3, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
MCSALLY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used for an event on June 7, 2015, to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on Senate Concurrent Resolution 3. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to remind us that May is American Stroke Month. 
According to the American Heart Association, stroke is the leading cause of disability in the United States. In fact, one out of every six people will suffer from a stroke in his or her lifetime, yet 
can have an enormously positive impact on your heart health and help prevent a stroke. America’s amazing medical researchers and practitioners are also doing their part by pioneering new treatments that save lives every day. 
letters, FAST: face drooping, arm weakness, speech difficulty, and it is time to call 911. If you or your loved one experience any of these symptoms, call 911. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, 50 years ago today, President Lyndon B. Johnson announced from the White House Rose Garden that enrollment would begin for an early childhood education program called Project Head Start. 
has been more than just an education program. It not only includes quality preschool but also critical support services, including family engagement, health services, and good nutrition. Studies have found that children in Head Start do better academically, have better behavior, and better health status than their peers. The program also saves more money than it costs by reducing teen pregnancy, high school dropouts, and the likelihood of incarceration. 
Start works. As we mark the occasion of 50 years of one of the most successful early intervention programs, let us recommit ourselves to the ideal that all of our children have access to quality preschool education, like Head Start. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate 17yearold Devin Anderson of Weedville, Pennsylvania, for being named the Pennsylvania American Legion’s Eagle Scout of the Year. Devin, who is a member of Kersey Troop 94, first joined the Boy Scouts after learning about them during an assembly in the first grade. Since then, Devin has dedicated himself to church, school, scouting, and community and personifies all that an Eagle Scout should be. 
attending Devin’s Eagle Scout ceremony back in November of 2012, and I knew right away, then and there, that this young man had a bright future 
ahead. Devin now advances to the national level, where he will compete among 56 applicants to earn the coveted National Eagle Scout of the Year award. 
Anderson, I am so proud of all of Devin’s accomplishments, and I wish him all the best as he competes for this national award. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, Members of Congress attend many events. And over the weekend, I was very privileged to be a part of the 125th anniversary celebration of United Allied Trades, Local 50 Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Allied Trades in northern Ohio— 125 years of building America forward. 
mammoth hall, and we remembered those who had come before us and had been a part of building, of plumbing, of pipefitting, of building America forward—in our refineries, in our nuclear power plants, in the natural gas lines that are laid. The power of America was before us in the hands and minds of those who have the skills to build for us. 
built at local 50 is probably the finest in the country, at least one of the finest. And I am just so proud of the younger men and women who are coming up in the trades. They have a decent wage. They can earn enough to join the middle class. They have retirement plans. They have health plans, including the one they built from scratch, serving thousands and thousands and thousands of people. 
United Allied Trades Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 50 in Ohio. God bless you. You have blessed America. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to honor and recognize Minnesota Rabbi Harold Kravitz for his national leadership as chair of the board for MAZON: A Jewish Response to Hunger. 
comes to an end, I want to thank him for the work he has done both in Minnesota and across the country in the fight against poverty and for his work on child advocacy. 
his efforts and for his leadership, including being named one of America’s Most Inspiring Rabbis by Jewish Daily Forward. However, it is more than awards, Madam Speaker, because anyone who has met Rabbi Kravitz will 
tell you, it is a passion that he has for the causes that he advocates for that brings his success. 
I wish Rabbi Kravitz success in moving forward and the best as he moves on to new endeavors, which I am sure will include many continued projects to make the world a better and safer and just place. His service and commitment to helping our community and the causes that he champions have made a significant difference, and we thank him for his tireless efforts. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the Toyota Center last night, we reclaimed the name Clutch City. Let me thank the young men of the Houston Rockets, the Rockets organization. For the first time in 18 years, the Rockets are in the Western Championship. 
Oh, I know that it is not the championship of the National Basketball Association, but it is really good for Houstonians. 
those who were able just to be on the streets, those who were inside the arena, those who were at various sites around the city, I watched my constituents have just a great amount of joy. 
It is my privilege to thank the owners, the coach, and, yes, all of the team. We know there are great stars on the team. We know that they work as a team, and that is what makes the Houston Rockets great. 
those Rockets, with a red coat on to salute the Houston Rockets and push them on tomorrow night to be champions again. I thank them for being the right kind of role models for our young people and letting them know that academics and sports go together. The National Basketball Association realizes the importance of young people having role models but young people staying in school, and they are staying focused on that. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
am equally excited about the Golden State Warriors starting this week, but that is not why I am here tonight. 
Over the weekend, I had the opportunity to participate in a really great ceremony for a gentleman who is a World War II triple ace in Auburn, 
dedicated so much to his community not just during the war but in all his efforts afterwards and leadership. 
helped as a cornerstone to keep the war effort against Germany by escorting fighters and bombers in for the important bombing run to help turn the tide in World War II against the German effort to make war. So being able to honor him with so many of his friends and others showing up with P–51D Mustangs was a great, great tribute to him over the weekend. And this week as well he will be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony that will be taking place this Wednesday at 3 p.m. eastern time. I hope everybody will take that in. 
THE URGENCY OF NOW: ADDRESSING REFORM, ACCOUNTABILITY, EQUALITY, AND DIVERSITY 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) is recognized for 60 
glad to be joined by my colleague and friend, the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. ROBIN KELLY . Thank you, Congresswoman K ELLY , for joining me in 
coanchoring this Special Order hour tonight. Thank you also to the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and to all those watching from home. 
Gray, a 25yearold man Baltimore man, died in police custody from a spinal cord injury. His death, ruled a homicide, has drawn ongoing national attention to the increasingly frayed relations between police and communities throughout the United States. 
Tonight we come together as a caucus to address the urgent need to reform our criminal justice system and promote police accountability and also to talk about many different issues of diversity in our Nation. 
to make meaningful reforms to our criminal justice system risks damaging relations between communities and police beyond repair. But real commonsense reforms that enhance transparency, advance public safety, eradicate discrimination, and instill trust can create a system that works for all Americans. 
Currently, our law enforcement system and criminal justice system aren’t working for African Americans and other minorities. As a result, a meaningful dialogue between law enforcement and the communities they are charged with protecting remains illusive. 
need to reform our criminal justice and police systems so that we can breathe new life into the American promise of full equality and justice for all. With that, Madam Speaker, I yield to 
friend from New Jersey for leading tonight’s Special Order hour. 
Madam Speaker, once again, the Congressional Black Caucus has the opportunity to discuss some of the many important issues and challenges facing our Nation right now. I strongly believe that our conversation here tonight is a critical discussion for the record as we continue the work of making our communities and country better. The urgency of now, addressing reform, accountability, equality, and diversity, that is quite a title, but what does it all mean in the context of our full discussion? 
melting pot, but I like to say a tossed salad or a stew, because in a stew or salad you don’t lose your identity, but you learn to live together in the same gravy or the same salad dressing. This Congress is, without a doubt, a true testament to the diverse people, personalities, and communities that make this great Nation so great. 
we ensure that our laws and policies are fully embracing our melting pot or our stew of a nation? How can we ensure that we make this great Union even more perfect? It starts with holding ourselves accountable in just a myriad of respects on the economic front, with respect to our justice system, in appreciating our diversity and inclusion for all Americans. I look forward to a fruitful conversation on this and thank my coanchor, Representative PAYNE . 
I did want to acknowledge the Diversity Dinner that we had last week. These days we hear so much about the toxic partisan atmosphere in Congress, titles like ‘‘How Congress Became So Partisan’’ in The Washington Post to Nick Gass at Politico’s piece, ‘‘This Graphic Shows How America’s Partisan Divide Grew.’’ The reports of Congress’ hyperpartisanship are abundant. The reports point to the loss of camaraderie and friendship amongst colleagues across the aisle. This perception undoubtedly contributes to our dismal 15 percent approval rating. 
in the Illinois statehouse, I have been hosting Diversity Dinners to grow friendships and nurture collegial working relations among legislators who may not otherwise interact. Tonight as we discuss equality and diversity, I want to reflect on what I see as encouraging in bridging differences and understanding in different communities. 
Members, my second annual congressional Diversity Dinner. Forty Members of Congress from both parties, including Members from both Republican and Democratic leadership, showed up and enjoyed a meal with their colleagues. During the dinner, we weren’t 
Democrats or Republicans; we were colleagues with some great stories to share. At this year’s dinner, I saw a microcosm of our Nation, a crowd made up of Members from coast to coast with truly diverse backgrounds coming together to enjoy each other’s company. 
blinders to break bread together, I am confident we can find ways to work together. That is what America wants and needs, and that type of leadership is the kind of leadership we deserve. 
Today we have an opportunity to celebrate diversity and show that bipartisanship can thrive in Congress. In recent months we have seen the trust between political parties, law enforcement, and communities across the Nation spike. Now is the time for us to come together to address the reforms needed to rebuild this trust. Let’s show the American people that we are a diverse body that won’t let party lines divide us or define us. 
come to a point in this Nation where one side has gone to one corner and the other side has gone to another corner not to meet in the middle to solve issues and problems. There was a time when this great body would compromise. You didn’t get everything you wanted, and I didn’t get everything I wanted. So that means we compromised and came to a decision. 
point about working with Members on the other side of the aisle. The gentlewoman from Arizona, the Speaker pro tempore this evening, has become a great collaborator with myself on the Homeland Security Subcommittee which she chairs, and we have worked extensively together on legislation that we both support. We need more of that. We need more of that to happen. We need to take the time to hear each other, to listen, and to see where we don’t agree on everything but there are common threads that we can build and bind together. 
So with that, I am proud to see her 
sitting in that chair. I get to sit next to her in committee, so it puts me closer to the Speaker’s chair, and I feel privileged for that. 
Right now, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas, the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON LEE. She is one of the 
most thoughtful Members of the United States House of Representatives. She hails from Houston, Texas, and she always has great words of wisdom, thoughts, and ideas on the issues that we face in this great Nation. 
I think by the spirit and the tone of this Special Order we can see that there is hope and a pathway for collaboration. 
through his leadership on homeland security and successful leadership, passing any number of legislative initiatives in a bipartisan manner. I also am delighted to join Congresswoman ROBIN 
KELLY . And she is right. She had a very 
successful Diversity Dinner last week, and I am sure it outdid the one the year before, and there was a lot of crosspollination, good feelings, and discussions about very important issues. 
nation, and we are happy when we have the ability to understand each other’s cultures or understand the background that each of us have come from. Our own neighborhoods make us different, our own faith modes are different, our family members’ mode is different, where we went to school. Yet in this place, the American people ask us, as both Mr. PAYNE and Ms. K ELLY are saying today, to walk a pathway of bipartisanship, but really towards success. So allow me just briefly to comment on one or two points regarding diversity. 
areas is where I formerly served as a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. In years past, we have gathered around science, technology, engineering, and math, and we have gathered around transportation infrastructure. I hope in our words tonight that we will find a way to forge a way forward for transportation infrastructure, because every one of us needs not only good roads, highways, 
and dams, but we need good public transportation, as evidenced by the heinous and unacceptable tragedy last week with Amtrak. 
I might add that I am a space chauvinist, a NASA supporter. Many centers are around the Nation. It is a job creator, as is infrastructure, and I would hope that we would write a bill and have Republicans and Democrats support the value of human space exploration. What a pathway for bipartisanship. We haven’t gone that way, Madam Speaker, but I am hoping that the words we offer tonight will see us do that. 
Let me focus on my last point and indicate that we have a moment, a significant moment in history. This is a great cause, and that cause is to find a pathway for criminal justice reform. Yesterday marked the 61st anniversary of the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, a decision that overruled the separate but equal doctrine of Plessy v. Ferguson and gave needed momentum for the fight for reform, equality, and diversity in our Nation’s schools and, I would say, society at large. 
that kind of evenhandedness in justice in the criminal justice system. This does not mean that we throw targets at our friends in law enforcement. It means that we find ways for there to be an acceptance that we all can stand improvement, correction, enhancement, educational opportunities, tactics, and training. There is no shame to any of that. As I stood with our officers and families who were on the grounds of the Capitol on May 15, as I joined them for the police memorial for those who had fallen in duty, there were faces from all backgrounds, and we were singularly noting the tragedy of lost officers. At the same time as we mourn those officers, we know that there are officers who will look to work with us as we move this criminal justice system along. 
as we do so, we can find bipartisanship, because the cost of incarceration, for example, is almost prohibitive. Madam Speaker, $75 billion is spent on local, State, and Federal incarceration. We have the largest percentage, 2 million people, incarcerated across America. 
We can do better, and part of that is 
expanding communityoriented policing, building trust, a bill that I introduced, H.R. 59, that would create a pathway for ensuring that communities feel that they are being protected but not feel differently that they are being, if you will, put in a certain category to be utilized as a basis for revenue raising in our communities. 
and I agree with him. The science of doing a better job is data and statistics. So I introduced the CADET bill, Collection and Analysis of Data to Educate and Train Law Enforcement Officers. What it simply means is give them the numbers, the statistics, to know how they can do a better job at planning, going forward, how they police. Let there be information for us to be able to design the right kind of policing tactics that work for law enforcement and for the community. It is right out of the FBI Director’s playbook. He said that we are operating without data, without statistics, and, frankly, that is not what we should be doing. 
Tomorrow we will be holding a hearing on the issue of police accountability and gaining the facts in the Judiciary Committee, but there is much more for us to do. For example, what are the educational requirements? What are the various resources used for mental health? And psychological needs and training and nonviolent conflict resolution received by police forces, police officers, the feasibility and emphasis of making greater use of the technological devices, such as body cameras. But I want more technology, laptops. Many law enforcement have laptops. We might need to move to iPads to be able to give them quicker response times and quicker support systems, to be able to ensure that we have the right tools to work together. 
the reform of a criminal justice system if you do not have a component dealing with our youth, so I have introduced, of course, the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Reauthorization bill and the antibullying Bullying Prevention and Intervention Act to be able to address a sort of a cause and a release for our young people. Madam Speaker, I would offer to say that there is much 
work that we can do. We will be looking at the legislation that many people have passed. 
simply acknowledge the ranking member, JOHN CONYERS , on the Judiciary 
Committee that wants to join together with me to embrace the legislative initiatives of our Members to get the right kind of omnibus bill going forward for the American public to see criminal justice reform. I want to thank my colleagues for allowing me these comments and, as well, the bipartisan approach that you have taken. 
anniversary of the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, the decision that overruled the ‘‘separate but equal doctrine’’ of Plessey v. Ferguson and gave needed momentum to the fight for reform, equality, and diversity in our nation’s schools and society at large. 
narrowing the gap between the nation’s founding ideals and the objective reality, recent events demonstrate that we still have a ways to go before the dream of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is realized in the areas of criminal justice reform, economic opportunity, and workplace diversity. 
several of the more notorious incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens that have captured the attention of the nation over the past several months require a national response because the problems identified are not isolated or limited to one region of the country. 
Garner resulting from the application of a NYPD police chokehold occurred in the Northeast and the death of 18 yearold Michael Brown and the resulting events in Ferguson occurred in the border state of Missouri. 
The killing of 12 yearold Tamir Rice by a 
Cleveland police officer occurred in the Midwest and death of unarmed 26 yearold Jordan Baker by an offduty Houston police officer occurred in Texas. 
unarmed black father of four, was shot to death when a police officer allegedly mistook his bottle of pills for a gun. 
McDade was chased and shot seven times by two police officers after a 911 caller falsely reported he had been robbed at gunpoint by two black men, neither of whom in fact was armed. 
And, of course, on April 4, the conscience of 
the nation was shocked by the horrifying killing of 50 yearold Walter Scott by a North Charleston police officer in the southern state of South Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, while the problem is national in scope, it appears to affect disproportionately and adversely a particular demographic group: African American males. 
it is imperative that we in Congress act swiftly and decisively to focus much needed attention and resources on legislative proposals intended to address the problem of misuse of 
the public trust and confidence needed to ensure that law enforcement receive and maintain the support of the communities they serve and protect. 
As Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I note that there are several promising legislative criminal justice reform initiatives that have been introduced and are worthy of consideration. 
in Municipal Law Enforcement Act of 2015’’ (Rept. JACKSON LEE); H.R. 1459, the Democracy Restoration Act of 2015 (Rep. C ONYERS ); 
H.R. 1810, the ‘‘Collection and Analysis of Data to Educate and Train Law Enforcement Officers’’ (‘‘CADET Act’’); H.R. 920, the ‘‘Smarter Sentencing Act of 2015’’ (Rept. LABRADOR ); and S. 675, the ‘‘Record 
Expungement Designed to Enhance Employment Act of 2015’’ (REDEEM Act) (Sens. PAUL 
Madam Speaker, earlier this year FBI Director James Comey delivered a remarkable speech at Georgetown University in which he laid out several hard truths about the administration of the criminal justice system and state of community policing in our country. 
One of the hardest truths discussed by Director Comey is the fact we have limited information and inadequate data regarding the scope and extent of the problems endemic in the criminal justice system. 
of policymakers and administrators at the federal, state, and local level to identify and implement laws, policies, and practices to remedy identified problems. 
The Judiciary Committee should immediately conduct hearings to educate the Congress and the public on the nature and extent of deficiencies in the nation’s criminal justice systems and the efficacy of proposed solutions. 
Specifically, hearings should be held to investigate practices and policies governing: 1. the use of lethal force by state and local police departments; 2. educational requirements, mental health and psychological evaluations, and training in nonviolent conflict resolution received by veteran law enforcement officers and new recruits; and 3. the feasibility and efficacy of making greater use of technological devices such as body cameras. 
A fourth area to be explored is the state of 
the social science research in the academic study of criminal justice reform because there is much the Committee can learn by engaging leading experts in the field regarding the state of knowledge in their respective disciplines. 
Madam Speaker, reforming the criminal justice system so that it dispenses justice impartially and equally to all persons is one of the most important challenges facing this Congress. 
And it is a goal that can be achieved if we 
work together in a spirit of goodwill and bipartisan cooperation. 
There are few things we can do that will 
rate for African Americans is 9.6%, this is nearly twice of the 4.7% unemployment rate of white Americans. 
of 16 and 19 have an unemployment rate of 27.5% whereas the unemployment rate for 
household income is nearly 24,000 less than the median income for White Americans’ household. 
Madam Speaker, although the unemployment rate has decreased over the past year, a significant racegap still remains. 
Workplace diversity is critical to an organization’s success and competitiveness. 
adaptability, broader service range, a variety of viewpoints, and more effective execution. 
economy, the workforce has become more diverse, and an organizations success depends on its ability to manage diversity. 
amendment that was adopted by the House to H.R. 4899, the ‘‘Lowering Gasoline Prices to Fuel an America that Works Act of 2014,’’ to include legislation establishing an Interior Department Office of Energy Employment and Training charged with working with minority serving educational institutions and other to expand the numbers and diversity of persons from across the voluntary with the skills and qualifications needed to take advantage of the exciting and rewarding opportunities that American energy industry has to offer and to keep America the world leaders in emerging energy technologies. 
I also introduced H.R. 70, the ‘‘Deficit Reduction, Job Creation, and Energy Security Act,’’ that requires the Secretary to establish an office of Energy Employment and Training and an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion responsible for all matters of the Department of the Interior relating to diversity in management, employment, and business activities. 
an amendment to H.R. 4923, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for FY 2015,’’ that increased funding for the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity by $500,000 to provide grants to Minority Serving Institutions to expand STEM programs and opportunities. 
always thoughtful and timely remarks by the gentlewoman from Texas. 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), a gentleman who has served 
this House with distinction. He served with my father, and now I have the great opportunity to work with him. 
want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey. In fact, he did refer to the relationship that I had with DONPAYNE , a 
young Congressman from New Jersey who, in fact, engaged me as a new Member in the Caribbean Caucus. During that period of time that I engaged with the Congressman’s father, we tried to pay attention to the Caribbean, as some would say, a gateway to the United States of America, but a land of a number of islands of people who are not only most accommodating to the United States of America, but really thoughtful in ingenuity involved in the people of the Caribbean. b1945 
as he was cochairman of the Caribbean Caucus, I learned the things that he tried to teach me about not only people, but about a relationship with the United States of America. 
I do miss Don. I want to thank the 
gentleman for not only knowing that, but acknowledging that. I want to thank the gentleman for yielding time to me to file the rule. 
I thank the gentleman. Mr. PAYNE. I would like to thank 
the gentleman from Texas who, as I said, has had a distinguished career to this point and will continue to show great leadership in this House of Representatives, and I thank him for his friendship. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order tonight. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, we 
heard a common thread about diversity. At the bottom of the Statue of Liberty, there are words on it and it says: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ 
That has allowed many diverse people come here and look for the freedom that this Nation can extend to you and prosper. We need to continue that great tradition. 
I hear a lot these days about the borders and eliminating pathways to come here, and that has not been our tradition, so I do not believe, at this point in time in this Nation’s history, that we should talk that way, or else, we should remove those words from the bottom of Lady Liberty. 
of criminal justice concerns. The inequality force is distrust which erodes relationships between police and communities. Baltimore and other police related tragedies over the past year speak to the broader challenges. 
persists throughout our Nation, undercutting the gains of African Americans in their communities. 
justice system, we must also work in support of equality in all context. This is the only way to fully meet the needs of our communities. 
Caucus is committed to ensuring that the increasing diversity of the Nation is reflected in American business. To that end, we will make sure that American businesses receive the government contracts and tax preferences and taking concrete steps to improve diversity in efforts at all levels. 
Diversity in the workforce means diversity in all sectors, including technology industries where there is a lack of African Americans. We need to engage the tech center in increasing African American representation and inclusion in the industry. 
are created equal must guide our efforts at all levels, from policing in our communities, to expanding opportunities for minorities in the workforce. 
Madam Speaker, there has to be balance in everything. We see the issues that towns such as Ferguson and Baltimore and Long Island, New York, have suffered with the tragedies of losing people in those communities, but we also know that police organizations have a difficult job, and they are trained to protect and serve. We must make sure that that is the goal, to protect and serve. 
Unfortunately, at times, we find circumstances or situations where they are in a position where they are not protecting and serving, but more like an occupying force. That is not what we need from our law enforcement officers. 
community and understand what is going on in that community and have a good enough relationship that, when and if there is a circumstance where they need information, that the community feels comfortable enough to go to them with the information they need in order to serve the issue. 
Madam Speaker. There are good public servants and bad public servants; there are good teachers and bad teachers; there are good speakers and bad speakers, poor speakers, but, when it comes to law enforcement, we need to have them serve the community. 
I stand here to say I thank them for 
the difficult task that they have every single day, to go into the community, and their families say goodbye to them and hope they return from that shift that evening. I don’t take it lightly. 
sides, from law enforcement and from the community, that has a responsibility to law enforcement, but we need to continue to strive to make this a more perfect union. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). 
Congressman P AYNE . I did want to say 
to Madam Speaker, I appreciate you participating in the Diversity Dinners last week. I can’t have Congressman PAYNE have a oneup on me, so thank 
accountability, equality, and diversity, I would like to offer some statistics on our economy 50 years ago and today with respect to the African American community and women. 
could be denied employment based on the color of their skin; and, when they could find jobs, they were disproportionately paid less than White males in the same position. In fact, in 1965, the Black unemployment rate was 8.1 percent, almost twice the national unemployment rate which stood at 4.5 percent. 
strides, and our Nation’s workforce is more diverse than ever, but we have much more work to do. Today, at 10.4 percent, the Black unemployment rate 
is still almost double the national unemployment rate of 5.6 percent. While it is significantly smaller, there is still a racial wage gap. 
The median African American household has less than twothirds the income of the average White median household. In the past year, we have seen the greatest economic growth in decades. More and more women have been able to enter the workforce, reducing the employment rate among women to a 6year low. 
yet to reap the benefits of the economic rebound. In fact, while the overall unemployment rate for women declined, the Black female unemployment rate has increased over the past 2 months. According to a recent analysis by the National Women’s Law Center, the Black women’s unemployment rate is more than twice the unemployment rate of White women. 
education, Black women have had the highest unemployment rate of any other group. A possible factor in the stubborn unemployment rate for Black women is that we are disproportionately employed in the public sector, which is experiencing a much slower recovery than the private sector. 
NWLC said the stagnant job situation for Black women is a ‘‘red flag’’ in the employment landscape and urged lawmakers to act to promote a stronger, more widely shared recovery. I couldn’t agree more. 
We need to invest more in job training and retraining programs that help Black women adapt to the changing workforce and prepare for the careers of tomorrow. We must work to promote diversity in hiring and encourage employers to model their workforces on the communities in which they operate. 
diversity in the workplace and help women succeed, we must be mindful of the unique challenges Black women face and develop targeted policies that help level the playing field for all women. 
to the systemic problems. We need to address them today. It should be our mission today to see to it that in 50 
years, when lawmakers stand here, they will proudly be touting the progress our Nation has made because all Americans are paid equally and no is discriminated against in the workplace. 
Caucus Health Braintrust, I am working to address our Nation’s health equity gap by exploring legislative and policy initiatives to reduce minority health disparities and promote better health outcomes for all Americans. 
community, the health disparity gap is particularly wide as Blacks have high rates of many adverse health conditions. Across the medical spectrum— from cancer to diabetes, from hypertension to stroke—Blacks are overrepresented and often undertreated. 
A major barrier to African Americans getting the medical care they need is the lack of African American doctors in their communities. Studies show that African Americans are more comfortable seeking treatment from doctors who look like them and are much more likely to adhere to courses of treatment prescribed by Black doctors; yet, while African Americans comprise 13 percent of the U.S. population, we represent only 4 percent of the physician workforce, according to the Association of American Medical Colleges’ 2014 diversity in the physician workforce report. 
The infamous Tuskegee study fostered an enduring legacy of mistrust of the medical establishment in the African American community that makes diversity in medicine vital to closing the health disparities gap. 
must work to create a physician workforce that reflects our Nation. One key way to do that is to encourage more African Americans to pursue education and training in science, technology, engineering, and math. Congress must do more to support investments in STEM education and to create avenues of access for African American students to enter the STEM fields. 
Congressional District STEM Academy to expose students to STEM fields in hopes of encouraging them to pursue STEMrelated careers. 
diverse ranks is crucial to future innovation. To help in that mission, folks across the country and in Silicon Valley have taken note. I know Facebook has sought to change the face of innovation through efforts like their Facebook Academy and Facebook University, which target high school and college students from underrepresented groups. 
good to see them making an effort to build a pipeline and introduce women and people of color to jobs in STEM— which, of course, could be IT, engineering—and hopefully, more young people decide to become doctors, and they can work in African American communities or underserved communities. 
reflects our country’s population will create a pipeline of diverse doctors to our communities which will, in turn, put all Americans on track to live a healthier life. 
for cohosting the Special Order on criminal justice reform, accountability, and diversity. It is through these Special Orders that we are able to speak directly to our constituents about the valuable work the Congressional Black Caucus does to reduce injustice and promote equality for all African American communities. 
Our criminal justice and police systems are in a state of crisis. Too often, under these systems, Black lives are treated as though they don’t matter. We saw this last month, when Baltimore’s Freddie Gray died in police custody from a brutal spine injury. Such tragedies erode trust between our communities and the police. 
wide range of factors, from disturbing gaps in incarceration rates to racial disparities in sentencing. We need a system that holds criminals accountable and protects law enforcement while, at the same time, ensuring the safety and equal treatment of all communities. 
body cameras in order to promote transparency and accountability while deterring wrongdoing. 
sure that law enforcement officers don’t resort to discriminatory policing practices. 
remains an ongoing crisis in our Nation. There is a clear and growing need to ensure a robust and comprehensive Federal commitment to ending racial profiling by law enforcement agencies. The End Racial Profiling Act, which I proudly support, would do just that. It was constructed after a law in New Jersey, authored by my uncle, Assemblyman William Payne. It was the first racial profiling law passed in the United States, a law of which I am very proud. I took that idea and brought it Federal. 
that we will, at times, need independent investigations of policerelated deaths. We are glad to see, finally, Attorney General Lynch launch an investigation into the Baltimore Police Department, with the stated goal of assisting police departments across the country in developing their practices. In less than 1 month on the job, Attorney General Lynch is already making a difference, and we thank her for that. 
As we reflect on the dire need for the 
reform of our criminal justice system, we need to advance the cause of equality in all contexts. This means expanding diversity in the workforce, in health, and in all aspects of life—from the mailroom to the boardroom, from the manufacturing industry to the 
technology sector. Many of these challenges we face today are great, but as a caucus, we remain committed to solving them. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, in support of today’s Special Order Hour: ‘‘The Urgency of Now: Addressing Reform, Accountability, Equality and Diversity.’’ As the conscience of the Congress since 1971, these issues are of paramount importance to the Congressional Black Caucus in the 114th Congress. 
There is a crisis in America—one that centers on criminal justice reform and law enforcement accountability. Just over a month ago, Freddie Gray lost his life at the hands of the police in a city plagued by a weak economy, high levels of crime, and a lack of good paying jobs. While Baltimore is a city with a unique set of issues, its problems are common to many of America’s inner cities. The pressure to address, not only the police accountability and criminal justice issues, but the context in which those issues arise, grows exponentially with each new tragedy. 
bruised and burned during demonstrative outcries against injustice, I am reminded of the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ‘‘We are now faced with the fact that tomorrow is today. We are confronted with the fierce urgency of now. In this unfolding conundrum of life and history, there ‘‘is’’ such a thing as being too late. This is no time for apathy or complacency. This is a time for vigorous and positive action.’’ These words are just as true today as they were when Dr. King delivered them at the 1963 March on Washington. 
men die at the hands at police officers with little or no accountability. This reinforces the painful narrative that black life is not valued in this country. It is sad, yet very telling, that Americans celebrated when state officials announced that criminal charges were being brought against the Baltimore police involved in Freddie Gray’s death. For too long, African American communities nationwide felt as if no one could hear its cry. But the cries are not just the result of pain caused by police brutality. They are the result of a nation divided: one that grants access to quality healthcare to some, while denying it for others; one that provides economic security for a privileged few, while denying opportunities to the poor and the middle class; one that seeks justice for the unwarranted taking of a human life; while ignoring the rising death toll of American youth at the hands of police officers. 
and Ferguson as limited incidents; instead, we have to look at the toxic environments that birthed these situations of unrest. If we do not comprehensively address the systemic issues that plague cities like Baltimore, relations between the people and its government will only grow worse. It is time that we honor the sacred truth of this nation—that all men are created equal, and demand equal justice. As we strive to become a more perfected union, it is imperative that the commitments of the American system be applied to AfricanAmericans, just as it is to every other American. Madam Speaker, the urgency of addressing these issues has reached its pinnacle. Congress must act. We must act swiftly, and we must 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1806, AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2353, HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Order of Mr. PAYNE ) from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–120) on the resolution (H. Res. 271) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) is recognized for 60 
Speaker, I thank the House for the opportunity to talk this evening about the 2016 President’s budget request and energy policy in this Nation. 
of energy programs in this Nation whereby public lands resources are leased and energy is produced on public lands and in the offshore waters of this Nation. 
As you can see here, this is a table 
that explains some of the different programs that are out there today. 
produce Federal resources—or energy resources—like oil, gas, coal, and other resources, you can see that 50 percent of the funds from that energy production on Federal lands goes to the Federal Government and that 50 percent goes to the States under the Mineral Leasing Act. There are no constraints whatsoever in regard to how those 
States can spend those funds. So 50 percent of the money from energy production on Federal lands goes directly to the States. 
goes to the Federal Government, 40 percent of that 50 percent—or 80 percent of the Federal funds—actually goes into what is called the reclamation fund to be used on water projects in the 17 Western States. In effect, 90 percent of the funds that are produced from energy production on Federal lands goes back and is invested, in many cases, in those same States where production occurs. There is one anomaly, and that is the State of Alaska, where 90 percent of the money goes back to the State with no strings attached whatsoever. 
You can see here on geothermal energy that 25 percent goes to the Federal Government, and 50 percent goes to the State. Even the counties share in 25 percent of the revenue. For offshore alternative energy, such as wind and wave energy and things along those lines, 27 percent of the revenues are shared with the adjacent States. 
I am going to come back to this one 
on oil and gas offshore, but I will just make note that there is an extraordinary disparity in regard to how these different resources are treated. 
I made reference to the Mineral Leasing Act. Again, except for in the case of Alaska, when you produce energy on Federal lands, 50 percent of the money goes directly to those States. Of the offshore dollars, up to $900 million each year goes into what is called the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which all 50 States benefit from, for national parks, for urban parks, for playgrounds, and for wildlife refuges that the States manage. 
Let me just recap this disparity here. If you are producing energy on Federal lands onshore, 50 percent of the money goes directly to the State with no strings attached; 40 percent of the money goes into the reclamation fund; and only 10 percent goes into the U.S. Treasury. If you are producing energy in the offshore, effectively, all of that money goes to the Federal Government. 
that demonstrates some of the dollars that have been given to States that produce offshore energy. 
You can see here, in the case of Alaska—and this accounting mechanism came off of the Department of the Interior’s Web site and from the Office of Natural Resources Revenue, and this 
pertains to different types of sales year data, so it will vary to some degree each year—that between 2009 and 2014, 97 percent of the funds that were generated from energy production on Federal revenues was returned to the State of Alaska. They received $158 million out of $163.6 million in revenue generated on Federal lands. 
of the money went to the State of California. It was over half a billion dollars during that time period. To give you an idea on some of these amazing figures, you can go to the State of Colorado, where they produced nearly $2 billion in energy production on Federal lands, and they received over $900 million with no strings attached. 
Madam Speaker, there are two extraordinary ones. The State of New Mexico generated $5.5 billion in revenue between 2009 and 2014 from the production of energy on Federal lands. That State received $2.75 billion back, or approximately 50 percent. In the case of Wyoming, they produced $11.7 billion in revenue between 2009 and 2014 from energy production on Federal lands, and they received $5.8 billion— over $1 billion a year—with no strings attached whatsoever. 
I want to be clear that I think that is 
great. I think that is how Federal policy should work. I think the revenues should be returned and shared with the States that host such energy production, but here is the incredible, absolutely indefensible comparison of what happens with offshore energy revenues. 
than 1 percent of revenues were returned to the States that produced offshore energy. Those are the States of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, California, and Alaska. Those States in 2009 generated over $5 billion in revenue for the U.S. Treasury. Those 6 States—and in some cases shared with counties and parishes—received only $30 million of that, or 0.56 percent. In 2010, they received 0.06 percent. In 2012, they produced $6.5 billion in revenue for the Federal Government from energy production offshore of the coasts of those States, and those 6 States in 2012, on $6.5 billion in revenue, shared only $837,000. Unbelievable—less than $100,000 per State. 
between 2009 and 2014, approximately $41 billion in revenue was produced from offshore energy production, and less than $50 million of that, or 0.12 percent, was shared. In the case of onshore energy, States, in some cases, are getting 90 percent of the revenues. In the case of offshore energy, the 6 States that produce all of this offshore energy are receiving 0.12 percent, not the 90 percent and not the 50 percent. They are receiving 0.12 percent. 
What roles do these six States play in our overall energy production? 
It is pretty amazing. With just 2 percent of the offshore Outer Continental Shelf actually leased, the oil production offshore accounts for 18 percent of all of the oil production in the United States. With just 2 percent of the Outer Continental Shelf offshore leased for energy production, that production is approximately 5 percent of the Nation’s natural gas production. For example, in 2014, it generated incredible numbers—$7.3 billion. This is one of the largest recurring nontaxed revenue streams that goes into the U.S. Treasury each year. 
would be five of the six States that produce offshore energy only have 3 miles of State waters, which means they only get 100 percent of revenues from State water energy production, which would be between zero and 3 miles offshore of their coasts. 
produce energy, and the State of Texas, they actually have three times that— or 9 miles—of State waters. So you have disparity, and that onshore production gets 50 to 90 percent of the revenues. In the case of offshore production, the States only get 0.12 percent of the revenues to date, and you have the fact that the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, California, and Alaska only have 3 miles of State waters. In the cases of Texas and Florida, they have 3 marine leagues, or, roughly, 9 miles, of State waters. The disparity is unbelievable. 
dating back decades ago, with some of the more recent ones in the midnineties, to try to rectify—to try to address—this disparity. Dating back to the midnineties, the Conservation and Reinvestment Act, known as CARA, brought together such diverse interests as those of Congressman DONYOUNG of 
Alaska and Congressman George Miller of California, who are two Members who, I am quite certain, agreed upon nothing except for this. It was really amazing to see this House pass legislation bringing together everyone from the oil and gas community to the environmental community in order to ensure that these resources were reinvested back into coastal States that produced energy and back into ensuring that we conserve and protect our outdoors and opportunities for future generations. Unfortunately, that legislation, despite passing the House with a strong margin, didn’t pass in the Senate. 
2001, as I recall and I believe again in 2003, additional efforts included in the Energy Policy Act, during a conference report, passed the House of Representatives, once again, with a strong margin to share offshore energy revenues with the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, California, Alaska, and those States that produced offshore energy. Unfortunately, those efforts died in the United States Senate. 
the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act—in December of that year—was 
replicated an offer that President Truman made to the States decades ago whereby President Truman offered those States that produced offshore energy 37
generated from energy production in Federal waters. Those States, apparently, turned down that offer from President Truman and asked for a higher share. Despite that being offered decades and decades ago, it was not until 2006 when Congress finally acted and enacted again what is known as the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, which would share 37
revenues from new energy production. I want to be clear on that distinction— new energy production—which is energy production that occurs prospectively after December of 2006. 
these numbers you see here, of the overall energy production, the billions of dollars. It is merely a fraction of that. So it is not anything close to parity with what happens for onshore revenues, but it is a start; and it is establishing parity in onshore and offshore policy, and it is a movement in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, in the State of Louisiana, we actually passed a constitutional amendment with an amazing margin that dedicated every penny of those revenues from the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, GOMESA, here, dedicated every penny of it to hurricane protection and coastal restoration, to making our coastal communities and our coastal ecosystem more resilient, ensuring that we don’t see a repeat of what we all witnessed from Hurricane Katrina, where in our home State of Louisiana we had over 1,200 of our brothers and sisters, of our neighbors, of our friends, of our coworkers lose their lives—over 1,200. 
caused or resulted in gasoline price spikes nationwide to the tune of 75 cents a gallon—nationwide average. And again in 2008 we saw price spikes $1.40 a gallon on average in the 50 States—$1.40—constituting the largest price spike in gasoline since the Arab oil embargo. 
the reason I am here tonight. The reason I am here tonight is to talk about the President’s budget request. This year, when the President submitted his budget request, he submitted a request where he proposes to withdraw the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, to withdraw the pittance—or in 2014, the $8.6 million—that was split among the four Gulf States that produce offshore energy, trying to prevent that from ever happening again. 
says: This proposal generates $5.6 billion in savings over 10 years through legislative reform proposals, including oil and gas management reforms to encourage diligent development of Federal energy resources while improving the return to taxpayers from relative reforms. 
minute. He says that it is going to generate savings. He says that its management reforms on oil and gas production are going to encourage diligent development. Mr. Speaker, by withdrawing revenue sharing and potentially discouraging offshore energy production, that is not encouraging diligent development. It results in us having to import more energy from other nations. 
nations like Nigeria and many countries in Africa and the Middle East that don’t share America’s values, we are sending hundreds of billions of dollars to those countries. In 2011, over onehalf of this Nation’s trade deficit was attributable to importing energy from other nations. That effectively is sending jobs. It is sending hundreds of billions of dollars to those other countries that in many cases are taking those same dollars and using them against the United States’ interests around the globe. It doesn’t encourage diligent development of Federal energy resources, as the President’s budget request suggests. 
return to taxpayers. I am struggling with how this improves the return to taxpayers whenever study after study is crystal clear that proactive investment in things like coastal restoration, hurricane protection, hazard mitigation investments, according to the CBO it returns $3 for every $1 invested; according to a FEMA study, it returns $4 in cost savings for every $1 invested; and many, many others have estimated that the cost savings are multiple times that. 
we had the Secretary of the Interior, who I asked for a meeting, I believe it was, on February 4, and here we are on May 18 and we still have not been able to get that meeting, including offering to meet with the Deputy Secretary or anyone else who can speak intelligently on this issue. I will take the receptionist, if you are watching. We have asked for that meeting. 
In their budget request, it specifically says this cut has been identified as a lower priority program activity for purpose of the GPRA Modernization Act. Now, that is the Government Performance Results Act. So I said: Well, wow, they did an evaluation. So let’s go ahead and ask the Secretary, Madam Secretary, could you explain to me how you did an evaluation and what the outcome of that was? 
and she asked me what GPRA was, despite the fact that it said they did an analysis and it determined that it was a lowpriority program. After I explained it, they were unable to answer the question. I asked if they would provide us their 
calculation here to show how it is a lower priority program and how it may compare with other onshore programs. Of course, here we are months later, and you will be shocked to learn that we still have not received that information that simply doesn’t exist. 
You can’t justify it from a policy perspective; you can’t justify it from a financial perspective; you can’t justify it from a resiliency perspective; you can’t justify it from an environmental perspective. Absolutely incredible. 
read a quote here from the Environmental Defense Fund, from the National Wildlife Federation, and from the National Audubon Society, where they note, let’s see: ‘‘This proposed budget undercuts the administration’s previous commitments to restore critical economic infrastructure and ecosystems in the Mississippi River Delta, where we are losing 16 square miles of critical wetlands every year—a preventable coastal erosion crisis.’’ 
‘‘We urge Congress to fund the President’s commitments to coastal restoration and conservation by maintaining GOMESA funding that is vital to the Gulf Coast and by identifying additional funding for . . . other priorities.’’ 
That is a quote from the environmental community. This is the administration, I guess, attempting to win accolades from the environmental community, who turned around and criticized him for that. 
that in 2013, Secretary Jewell actually sends out a press release saying how great these dollars that are being shared are. It talks about how these revenues were distributed to State, local, and Federal tribes to support critical reclamation, conservation, and other projects. So here they are taking credit for it, saying how great it is, and then they come back and make an aboutface that they can’t explain, justify, can’t even meet on, and haven’t even been able to provide any documentation as to how they came to their decision. 
press release from the Department of the Interior giving all sorts of accolades to themselves for sharing these revenues and all the great investments that they will result in, yet in the fiscal year 2016 budget request we have seen them attempt to withdraw those dollars. 
release, the administration said that this should be done because these resources, these public resources, these energy resources offshore, should be shared by all Americans. Well, okay, let’s talk about that. 
As we noted here, for onshore production, 50 percent of the money goes to the Federal Government, but of that, 80 percent of this actually is returned 
back to the States; 50 percent goes directly to the States with no strings attached. So the Federal Government only gets 10 percent. The Federal Government only gets 10 percent, yet they didn’t cut this program. 
have determined that these resources should be shared with all Americans, yet they are only doing it for this one program and leaving this other program entirely intact. Once again, the disparity cannot be defended. 
that resources should be shared with all Americans, and let’s apply it to other Federal resources. What about a national park? What about a national wildlife refuge? What about some BLM land somewhere? 
fees, they take all those dollars, and they give it right back to that park. The State of Louisiana doesn’t get any of it. It goes back to the park. We don’t get any disparate benefit from that. The State that hosts the national park and hosts the national wildlife refuge, it benefits from that in the form of tourism and economic activity and a place for their citizens to recreate. Explain to me that disparity. Once again, it simply can’t be done. 
the problem in coastal Louisiana and why it is so critical that these dollars be invested, that the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act be continued. In coastal Louisiana, prior to the Federal Government building levees on the Mississippi River, the Atchafalaya River, and our coastal region of the State, the State of Louisiana was growing to the tune of threequarters of a square mile per year, on average. Our State was accreting; it was growing in land. 
and built levees on our river system, we immediately went from growing, or accreting, to losing land. In some decades, we have lost an average of 16 square miles per year. In other decades, we have lost closer to 26 or 28 square miles per year. In 2005, we lost nearly 200 square miles of our coast per year. To add it all up, the total figure, we have lost 1,900 square miles of our State since the 1930s. To put it in comparison, if the State of Rhode Island lost 1,900 square miles, the State of Rhode Island wouldn’t exist anymore. If the State of Delaware lost 1,900 square miles, it would consist only of its inland waters. Nineteen hundred square miles is an extraordinary amount of land. Then to watch this administration come out and say: You know what? We are going to propose this new waters of the U.S. definition, because waters of the United States are so important and wetlands are so important to us, we have got to protect them. Yet the Federal Government is causing the greatest wetlands loss in the United States—prospective, ongoing, and historic—the Federal Government, the same agency, the Corps of Engineers, that actually is supposed to 
we are going to take these dollars whenever they finally begin flowing in some degree in 2017 and 2018, we are going to take those dollars and we are going to invest them. We are going to protect them by constitutional amendment. We are going to complement them with billions of dollars and other Statecontrolled spending, and we are going to invest them in making the coast of Louisiana more resilient, making our communities more resilient, making the economy of this Nation more resilient. 
I remind you, in 2005, because of hurricane impacts to the State of Louisiana, prices spiked 75 cents a gallon nationwide, on average. In 2008, when hurricanes hit the Gulf Coast and Louisiana, prices spiked $1.40 a gallon, on average, nationwide. This is a national issue. 
Mr. Speaker, following the 2005 hurricanes, the Federal Government expended over $100 billion—by some estimates, perhaps close to $130 billion or $140 billion—responding to these disasters. If we had taken somewhere in the range of $8 billion to $9 billion, we could have prevented the 1,200 lives that were lost that I referenced earlier. We could have prevented the expenditure of well over $100 billion in taxpayer funds, the majority of that going toward deficit spending. 
of Mexico Energy Security Act. To the contrary, Mr. Speaker, it is going to cost our Nation more dollars; and history has proven that, studies by Congressional Budget Office, studies by FEMA, and many others have proven that this is pennywise and poundfoolish. It will result in additional deaths. It will result in additional flooding. It will result in additional economic disruption in this Nation, and it is the wrong approach. 
to say it one more time. Onshore energy revenues are shared 90 percent between the Mineral Leasing Act and the Bureau of Reclamation funds, 90 percent; offshore energy revenues, we get well less than 1 percent, well less than 1 percent per year today. And as we try and slowly begin addressing the disparity but nowhere close to what happens for onshore production, when we try to do the right thing and make sure that these funds are constitutionally protected to be invested in making the communities more resilient, making the ecosystem more resilient, and addressing the wrongs of the Federal Government, addressing natural resource flaws of the Federal Government, we now have this administration who is supposed to be the environmental administration coming out and taking these dollars away, which is once again why the Environmental Defense Fund, National Wildlife Federation, Audubon Society, and many, many others came out against this. So, Mr. Speaker, I just want to urge, 
as we continue to move through the appropriations bills and continue to work on energy policy, that we truly seek to do what the President says in regard to an alloftheabove policy, which includes conventional fuels, to ensure that the States that are producing these energies receive some type of mitigative funds or revenue sharing, to ensure that the State of Alaska, that the East Coast and other States that are bringing offshore production online are treated fairly, and to ensure that these dollars are reinvested back in the resilience of these communities and in the ecosystem. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
have had a lot in the news recently about questions being asked of people running for President. It has been interesting. In taking that issue up, though, it is important to look at some of the current news. 
Here is an article on May 17 by Bill 
Sanderson of the New York Post. It says: ‘‘Saudi Arabia to buy nuclear bombs from Pakistan.’’ 
buying ‘‘offtheshelf’’ atomic weapons from Pakistan, U.S. officials told a London newspaper. 
we weren’t expecting back when President Bush went into Iraq when he made that call that some day, Saudi Arabia and others in the Middle East would become so nervous about the chaos created in the Middle East that they would determine: We may need to get nuclear weapons ourselves. In the past, we have always been comforted by the fact that the United States would keep peace in the Middle East. They wouldn’t let anything get out of hand. They would keep other Middle Eastern countries, especially radical Islamist countries, from having nukes. 
not capable of preventing nukes from proliferation in the Middle East, so therefore, our allies our getting quite nervous. 
brilliant prosecutor of the original bomber of the World Trade Center in 1993, Andrew McCarthy. It is dated today, May 18. The title of his article in National Review says: ‘‘The Iraq Question is the Iran Question—At Least It Should Be.’’ 
that is being asked of some Republican Presidential candidates. Obviously, the mainstream media, those that donate 
kind of folks—those that would take a hostile position against Republicans in debates, those who act as mediators or emcees in a debate would actually speak on behalf of the Democrat—they are not asking this question of Democrats, but it is a legitimate question. 
brings up. He says: ‘‘Was it a mistake to invade, knowing what we know now?’’ 
It is a very fair point that the question 
should not be asked solely of Republicans— Hillary Clinton and other Democrats who supported the war should be grilled, too. 
who supported the Iraq war based that support on the principles enunciated in the Bush doctrine.’’ 
Then he sets out his take on the Bush 
It says: ‘‘Attack the jihadists wherever they operate and make rogue states understand that if they support the terrorists we will treat them as enemies. In that calculation, Iraq was an enemy regardless of whether it had weapons of mass destruction. It’’— talking about Iraq—‘‘obviously was not the worst such enemy—Iran was. And it obviously was a potentially more dangerous enemy if it had weapons of mass destruction that could have been shared with jihadists. Iraq, nevertheless, was surely in the camp of states that, using Bush’s ‘with us or against us’ metric, was against us.’’ 
IJReview: ‘‘U.S. Special Forces Just Took Out a Top ISIS Leader—And Captured His Sex SlaveryCondoning Wife,’’ by Justen Charters. 
hammer ISIS positions, it turns out that that is not the only thing the jihadists need to worry about. U.S. Special Forces appear to be doing more than just training ‘rebels,’ they’re now engaging the enemy. And, they just put down a top Islamic State leader: Abu Sayyaf. 
operation, which will be hurting the terrorists’ bankroll and morale.’’ 
Speaker. I find it very intriguing because I can’t remember how many times, but it was many times that the President and other members of this administration said: There will be no boots on the ground in Syria in this area—no boots on the ground. 
which is really perplexing because we all trust the same people that told us, If you like your insurance, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep him—all these things—that they are not going to persecute people of religious beliefs, then they persecuted them. 
administration would say there will be no boots on the ground and then put 
to the administration, that they hovered and were able to lift up the wife of the ISIS leader without actually getting boots on the ground, or it is quite possible they didn’t wear boots. Maybe they were wearing moccasins or something like that; maybe they went barefoot, and that would explain why those in the administration would say: We will never put boots on the ground; no boots are going to be on the ground. 
boots. I know boots have come a long way since I was in the Army, and I never did understand why we had to wear those black boots that you had to spitshine to shine them up. It made no sense to me. 
wearing now much better; but maybe they have got some other shoes they have figured out so they don’t have to actually put boots on the ground. 
Then we have a story today from Judicial Watch. Judicial Watch has now 
gotten documentation as a result of a court order on May 15. They have been able to get more documentation than Congress has been able to get because they are fighting this administration in court, and they are getting court orders to force the issues. 
The only way you will get information out of this transparent Obama administration is if you bring them out kicking and screaming with the documents, under threat of what a judge can order and do; that is obvious because, as a Member of Congress asking for the documents that were provided in discovery in 2008 to the convicted terrorists in the Holy Land Foundation trial, I got on a Web site one time. I asked for the boxes of documents that the Justice Department gave to the terrorists. 
I understand Attorney General Holder was saying there may be classification issues, but I keep coming back to the point they gave them to terrorists. Surely, you can give them to Members of Congress, but that also points to a problem that is ongoing in this administration. They keep helping the wrong people. 
administration: Gee, President Morsi was elected in a very questionable election, and there were allegations of a great deal of fraud. 
Morsi that, if he raised any issues about fraud in the election, the Muslim Brothers would burn the country down, and he chose not to contest what was some apparent fraud in the election. 
or so, and despite the fact—well, at least reported by many news organizations—there were over 30 million Egyptians out of their 90 million or so in the country that went to the streets peaceably. It was the largest demonstration, 
peaceable or otherwise, in the history of the world, from the best I can find out. They went to the streets. They demanded a nonradical Islamist President. They demanded the peaceable ouster of Morsi, who they believed had committed treason and who they understood had basically torn up, figuratively, the constitution that the U.S. Government was helpful advising in, but somehow, our advisers did not persist in making sure they had a provision for a peaceful impeachment of the President of Egypt. They had no way to get him out. 
talked to a number of them that were there demonstrating—these secularists, Christians, Jews, and the Coptic Pope himself told me how moved he was to have so many people from so many walks being an encouragement: We don’t want you persecuted in our country of Egypt anymore. It is not right. 
Naturally, what would the Obama administration do? They would demand that the man that was figuratively shredding the constitution in Egypt, that was persecuting Christians, that was weaponizing the Sinai, which was building the radical Islamism organization within Egypt, this administration was giving them weapons, wanted to help them any way they could, which leads to the question that I have been asked by moderate Arab Muslim leaders in the Middle East: Why does this administration keep helping the Muslim Brothers? Do you not understand they are at war with you? 
this administration was helping the wrong side. It didn’t stop with pushing for the ouster of this country’s ally in Egypt, Mubarak. This administration decided to oust Qadhafi, a dictator with blood on his hands from the eighties and nineties. 
After 2003, after the Bush administration ordered the taking out of Saddam Hussein, Qadhafi got scared, opened up 
his weapons, says he will not pursue nukes; he will do whatever the United States tells him with regard to his weapons. 
was really helping with information against terrorists more than anybody but maybe us; yet this administration undertook a bombing effort against Qadhafi. 
documents that have been acquired by Judicial Watch that this administration was actually helping with weapons, at least that is the way it appears; that is what we have been hearing all along. 
Michelle Bachmann, if it weren’t for the Obama administration bombing Qadhafi, they could not have gotten him out of office, and he would still be helping us find and kill terrorists. 
Muslim Brothers doing the best they can to put Egypt in chaos. Syria is now in chaos. Iran is taking over more and more, including, just last September, this President referred to the success story in Yemen. Now, Iran is the power player in Yemen, not the United States. The Obama administration in 
what has happened in the Middle East since this administration took over. The story from Judicial Watch dated May 18, it is pretty timely, includes information about the documentation that was ordered by the United States District Court and has now been obtained, even though the administration blacked out a lot of information that apparently would be embarrassing to it. 
The story says: ‘‘Judicial Watch announced today that it obtained more than 100 pages of previously classified ’Secret’ documents from the Department of Defense and the Department of State revealing that the DOD almost immediately reported that the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was committed by the al Qaeda and Muslim Brotherhoodlinked ‘Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman,’ and had been planned at least 10 days in advance. Rahman is known as The Blind Sheikh’’—that is the one that Andrew McCarthy had prosecuted as lead prosecutor—‘‘and is serving life in prison for his involvement in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and other terrorist acts. The new documents also provide the first official confirmation that shows the U.S. Government was aware of arms shipments from Benghazi to Syria. The documents also include an August 2012 analysis warning of the rise of ISIS and the predicted failure of the Obama policy of regime change in Syria. 
‘‘The documents were released in response to a court order in accordance with a May 15, 2014, Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed against both the DOD and State Department seeking communications between the two agencies and congressional leaders ‘on matters related to the activities of any agency or department of the U.S. Government at the Special Mission Compound and/or classified annex in Benghazi.’ 
from the Defense Intelligence Agency, DIA, dated September 12, 2012, the very day after the Benghazi attack, details that the attack on the compound had been carefully planned by the’’ Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman’’ to ‘kill as many Americans as possible.’ The document was sent to thenSecretary of State Hillary Clinton, thenDefense Secretary Leon Panetta, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Obama White House National Security Council. The heavily redacted Defense Department ‘information report’ says that the attack on the Benghazi facility ‘was planned and executed by The 
Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman.’ The group subscribes to ‘al Qaeda ideologies.’’’ 
Now, it is understandable why President Obama would not have gotten this message because, clearly, he had to get a good night’s sleep because he was going to a campaign event in Las Vegas on September 12. He surely didn’t have time to review this material in pursuit of his campaign. Here he was, just less than 2 months away from election day. 
not get the information and would not know that this was not about a video; it was about a carefully planned attack by subscribers to al Qaeda. 
knew that, and that message was sent to Hillary Clinton. It was sent to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and it was sent to those who were not out campaigning in Las Vegas at the White House. 
planned 10 or more days prior on approximately 01 September 2012. The intention was to attack the consulate and to kill as many Americans as possible to seek revenge for U.S. killing of Aboyahiye’’—also lists him as Alaliby—‘‘in Pakistan and in memorial of the 11 September 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center buildings.’’ 
It says: ‘‘‘A violent radical . . . the leader of BCOAR is Abdul Baset,’’’ also called Azuz. ‘‘‘Azuz was sent by Zawari’’’—the leader of al Qaeda, that is—‘‘‘to set up al Qaeda bases in Libya.’ The group’s headquarters were set up with the approval of a ‘member of the Muslim Brotherhood movement . . . where they have large caches of weapons. Some of those caches are disguised by feeding troughs for livestock. They have SA–7 and SA–2
. . . they train almost every day focusing on religious lessons and scriptures, including three lessons a day of jihadist ideology.’’’ 
that. I don’t understand how these Muslim Brothers, these jihadists, could be studying scripture, and this is quoting from the Defense Intelligence Agency report, when it says they are focused on religious lessons and scriptures, including three lessons a day of jihadist ideology because this Defense Intelligence Agency reports they are studying religious lessons and scripture, claiming to be Islamists. 
this administration has made clear these people are not religious. They are not Islamists. They have nothing to do with Islam. These people are just ne’er dowells. I don’t understand why the Defense Intelligence Agency would report that they were studying religious lessons when they are not religious at all, according to this administration. 
socalled Arab Spring, when this administration was helping the Muslim 
Brothers, and I stood right here on this floor and pointed out: Look, we know that there are al Qaeda in these rebels. 
We don’t know what percentage; we don’t now how many, but we know there is some al Qaeda in these rebels that this administration is helping. We should wait and not keep militarily supporting people that we know include al Qaeda until we find out more. 
But this administration went ahead. As this story says: ‘‘The Defense Department reported the group maintained written documents in ‘a small rectangular room, approximately 12 meters by 6 meters . . . that contain information on all of the al Qaeda activity in Libya’’’—wow, al Qaeda ties. 
contain the first official documentation that the Obama administration knew that weapons were being shipped from the Port of Benghazi to rebel troops in Syria.’’ 
An October 2012 report also is confirming: ‘‘Weapons from the former Libya military stockpiles’’—which word is we helped get there—‘‘were shipped from the Port of Benghazi, Libya, to the Port of Banias and the Port of Borj Islam, Syria. The weapons shipped during late August 2012 were sniper rifles, RPGs, and 125millimeter and 155millimeter howitzers missiles.’’ 
said ‘‘the opposition in Syria was driven by al Qaeda and other extremist Muslim groups: ‘the Salafist, the Muslim Brotherhood, and AQI are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,’’’ which this administration wants to keep calling vetted moderate Syrian rebels, when their own report says they have got al Qaeda ties. 
the situation has dire consequences on the Iraqi situation,’’ and it goes on to set those out. 
be forcefully put to former President George W. Bush and anybody who is running for President the next time, they ought to be asked this question: If you had known before we went into Iraq, going after the brutal dictator Saddam Hussein, who had killed hundreds of thousands of people, including Kurds, with chemical weapons and other weapons, and you knew he could be ousted, and after a surge, the war could be won; but then that, after your victory in Iraq, following the surge, you would be followed as President with an administration that was too incompetent to negotiate a status of forces agreement with Iraq, and so you end up having—that administration is going to have to leave and actually commit other acts that will help create absolute chaos in the Middle East; and you are going to be followed by this administration that will help the Muslim Brothers that your Muslim allies in the Middle East say, The Muslims Brothers are at war with you, yet this administration that follows you will keep helping America’s enemies, and that, because of the creation of chaos by this 
pursuing nuclear weapons; and that the succeeding administration will be so incompetent and clueless as to what is happening in the Middle East, they think it is okay to let them keep enriching uranium, pursuing nukes, and it gets so bad that this next administration will even cause our allies like Saudi Arabia, to go buy nukes; and then we end up with this subsequent administration that helps the Muslim Brothers create more chaos than we could have imagined, knowing all of that, would you go into Iraq? 
in the world would President George W. Bush have known that he would be followed by such incompetence that would help our enemies and would just create chaos across the entire Middle East such that our friends would be in conferences with people like me going: We don’t understand America anymore. You keep helping your enemies. We don’t get it. We thought we were your friends, but you are helping the people at war with you. 
W. Bush be expected to anticipate that that is the kind of thing that would follow his administration and completely destroy the situation in the Middle East and in Iraq and in the Sinai and in Gaza and in Libya, in Lebanon, in Syria, a massive migration into Jordan. Jordanian pilots now to the point they would be burned alive. Christians raped, persecuted, killed in all kinds of horrendous ways. Jews ostracized, killed. 
we would have an administration come in and take the success after the surge and turn it into the chaos it is today? 
in the days ahead, as people seek to lead this country, to find out which leaders would have gone ahead into Iraq, knowing the chaos they would create in the subsequent administration. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
reported that on May 14, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following 
United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office.’’ 
Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry.’’ 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1492. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Bruce A. Litchfield, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1497. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Trinexapacethyl; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20140340; FRL 992662] received May 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1501. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Semiannual Report to Congress from the Office of Inspector General, of the Department of Health and Human Services, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, Pub. L. 95452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Eligibility for Minimum Essential 
Coverage for Purposes of the Premium Tax Credit [Notice 201537] received May 14, 2015, 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Attorney General’s Second Quarterly Report of FY 2015 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to the Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110389; jointly to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Judiciary. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Appropriations. Revised Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (Rept. 114–118). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 2262. A bill to facilitate a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–119). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 271. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–120). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2390. A bill to require a review of universitybased centers for homeland security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2391. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to require the payment of an additional rebate to the State Medicaid plan in the case of increase in the price of a generic drug at a rate that is greater than the rate of inflation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. ROKITA ): H.R. 2392. A bill to amend the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require an applicant for voter registration for elections for Federal office to affirmatively state that the applicant meets the eligibility requirements for voting in such elections as a condition of completing the application, to require States to verify that an applicant for registering to vote in such elections meets the eligibility requirements for voting in such elections prior to registering the applicant to vote, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in 
addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
COSTA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
DELBENE, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
ASHFORD , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
DENHAM , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. Y OHO, 
UPTON , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OONEY  
LONG, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. A LLEN , Ms. 
Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 2394. A bill to reauthorize the National Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the regulation of health software, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2397. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to allow the use of physical damage disaster loans for the construction of safe rooms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 2398. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the Secretary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration to disclose certain return information related to identity theft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration 
of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. W ITTMAN, and Mr. H ANNA ): 
and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee to advise the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture on wildlife and habitat conservation, hunting, recreational shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
COLE, Mr. F LORES , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 2400. A bill to establish the Office of 
the Special Inspector General for Monitoring the Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, House Administration, the 
Judiciary, Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2401. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to require annual permits and assess annual fees for commercial filming activities on Federal land for film crews of 5 persons or fewer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Power Act to prohibit the public disclosure of protected information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
BOST, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. S INEMA , 
Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 2403. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
RANGEL , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
ROSKAM , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
H.R. 2404. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of programs to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): 
sense of Congress regarding the Palestinian Authority’s purported accession to the International Criminal Court for the purpose of initiating prosecutions against Israeli soldiers, citizens, officials, and leaders; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 101, designating the month of May 2015 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsylvania; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2390. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2391. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 2392. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 2393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, Congress has the authority to regulate foreign and interstate commerce. 
H.R. 2394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, 
Congress has the authority to regulate foreign and interstate commerce. 
H.R. 2395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 which allows Congress to regulate trade with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
part, states: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, . . . and the Sixteenth Amendment which states: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration. 
H.R. 2399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States 
to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 2400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’’; and 
states that ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time’’; and 
states that the President, ‘‘by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 2401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States 
Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States 
H.R. 2402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2403. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2404. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 54. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
powers conferred by the United States Constitution upon Congress by Article V. which provides that ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . . which shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States . . .’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 91: Mr. S IRES, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 209: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. 
H.R. 451: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 528: Mr. B ARRand Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 585: Mr. R OUZER and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 767: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G IBBS, and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 774: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 793: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 845: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 920: Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1088: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
H.R. 1289: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. V ARGAS , and 
H.R. 1384: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 1388: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. 
GOSAR , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1464: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R USH, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D ENTand Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. R OSS, 
H.R. 1600: Mr. L ANCE and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1627: Mr. D IAZBALART and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ANFORD , and 
H.R. 1861: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
New York, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BEYER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. W ALZ. 
Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. S CHIFF . 
DEFAZIO, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K INGof 
PETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
H.R. 2141: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2142: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2170: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
VELA, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. K ELLY  
H.R. 2173: Mr. I SRAEL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2193: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H.R. 2214: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2216: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2233: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 2277: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2302: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 2352: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
H.R. 2383: Mr. B RATand Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. W OODALL and Ms. M OORE . 
DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
H. Res. 209: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. L AMBORN . 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2353, ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of 
rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
H.R. 2353 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. UPTON  
H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Representative SMITH, or a designee, to H.R. 
1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2949 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 18, 2015 No. 76 