is pretty clear that politics continues. Rather than bringing to the floor of the House a bipartisan Homeland Security bill, what the House brought to the floor back in January was a highly political, highly partisan bill—antiimmigrant legislation—that they knew was dead on arrival when it landed in the Senate. So let’s make the record clear: 
agreed to a clean Homeland Security bill; but rather than bringing that to the House floor for a vote, we continue to see the House Republican leadership pander to the most extreme, antiimmigrant voices in their party. 
That is not what the American people expect of us. It is politics as usual. I do not understand why it continues to be the order of the day here. The American people reject that. We should be focusing our attention on the big questions: building an economy for the American people that works for everybody rather than for the few, rather than an economy rigged for the few. 
of this. I know other Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle are tired of this. Bring a clean Homeland Security bill to the floor. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the ongoing slowdown occurring at our west coast ports is causing devastating economic conditions for our agricultural industry and an alarming ripple effect to supply chains across the Nation. Recent estimates have predicted retailers could lose as much as $7 billion this year and that it will cost the overall economy $2.1 billion every day if this shutdown continues. 
reporting delays as long as 4 weeks versus the typical 3 to 4 days for cargo to leave ports, causing their products to spoil and rot on the docks and increasing the already sizable backlog. One California almond company reported they already had to lay off 50 employees due to the slowdown at the port. Without action, these numbers are only going to worsen as longterm or permanent damage is even done to our export markets. 
producers and growers and workers bear the brunt of this labor dispute. I strongly urge both parties and, if necessary, this administration to get involved—to get back to the negotiating table and enact a swift resolution—to prevent serious longterm harm being done to our local and national economy and to our export markets. 
other side have short memories and do not remember the consequences that led to a backlash from the American people when they shut down the Federal Government in the last Congress. 
with the Department of Homeland Security funding by insisting that any funding bill overturn the President’s executive actions on immigration. If the Republicans fail to pass a DHS funding bill, the consequences will be severe. One direct consequence is that there will be no funding of new nondisaster grants to local and State governments, law enforcement, fire departments, and other emergency responders. 
As ranking member on the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I understand how critically important these grants are to safeguarding our communities. Protecting the Homeland Security Grant Program is critical to ensuring that our cities, transportation systems, and first responders have the capabilities to prepare for and to respond in times of disaster. 
should stop putting politics ahead of the safety of the American people and join with Democrats to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, last year, the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility—MOX—at the Savannah River Site was adequately funded to continue to the completion of its vital missions of converting weaponsgrade plutonium into fuel. 
urges Congress to prioritize the MOX project and to increase its funding. The administration allocated $345 million in the President’s budget, and it is my hope that Congress will further strengthen that number. This essential facility will allow the United States to honor its international nonproliferation obligations with the Russian Federation while, at the same time, supporting environmental cleanup. 
with Congressman JIMCLYBURN , who also represents the facility, in supporting the Savannah River Site and its vital national security and environmental cleanup missions. We are joined by committed House colleagues RICK 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
compelled to call attention to the irresponsible actions of my Republican colleagues. Holding the Department of Homeland Security and our national security hostage is reckless and irresponsible. This politically motivated action puts the physical and economic safety of our people and of our country in jeopardy. 
have already passed a bill. Well, on a technicality, they might be right, but when you look at it, they have not, and they have been acting irresponsibly. 
from the Border Patrol, the TSA, the Coast Guard, and the Secret Service will continue to work despite having their livelihoods denied them. Not only is this endangering our national security, this is directly harming the men and women who have sworn to protect all of us. 
How can we treat those so disgracefully who serve our Nation? What message are we sending to the American people? 
to put aside their personal politics and consider what is best for our country and our people. We have 15 days left. Let us pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill to protect the safety of our Nation and to respect the people who have sworn to serve us. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday marked the sixth anniversary of when Continental Flight 3407 crashed into a home in Clarence Center, New York, and tragically took the lives of all 49 passengers on board, including one expectant mother. 
passed the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010, which was the largest overhaul to aviation safety in over 40 years. 
guidelines for airline safety and required airlines to put welltrained pilots in every cockpit. Although this law has helped to prevent accidents like that of Flight 3407 from happening again, there is still work to be done. 
with some of the families of the victims of Flight 3407, and, yesterday, I joined a group of bipartisan Members in urging the committee of jurisdiction to continue to support the implementation of the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act of 2010. 
for their continued support and their efforts in helping to make commercial airline travel safer. As we move forward, the House should be clearly focused on ensuring tragedies like Flight 3407 never happen again. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate northeast Georgia’s Engelheim Vineyards for its success in the San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition. 
winemakers, including Jan and Gary Engel, the owners of Engelheim Vineyards in Ellijay, Georgia wines are rightfully gaining national recognition. 
northeast Georgiagrown and bottled wine in the prestigious San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition. With more than 6,400 entries from 28 States, the San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition is recognized as the largest competition of American wines in the world. 
fact that it was their first showing at the competition, Engelheim Vineyards did Georgia proud by earning four medals. Engelheim brought home a double gold medal for Sweet Molly, silvers for its Traminette and its Merlot, and a bronze medal for Trilogy, a blend of three estategrown grapes. 
the latest example of northeast Georgia’s emergence as a prominent wine region. Wine critics and a growing number of tourists agree the unique geography of our mountains and the passion of our winemakers make Georgia wines truly special. 
I commend the Engels and the hardworking Georgia winemakers, who are making a great name for our State in the world of wine, and I look forward to their continued success. b0915 
pursuant to House Resolution 101, I call up the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 101, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–6 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘America’s Small 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not exceed $500,000.’’. 
such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
sells an asset and reports the income from the sale using the installment method under section 453, the treatment of all payments received shall be governed by the provisions of this paragraph applicable to the taxable year in which such sale was made.’’. 
by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be 
shall be debatable for 90 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
RYAN) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each will control 45 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
have a little bit of a de ´ja`vu here today 
because we are going to be talking on yet another tax extender bill like we did yesterday. This one involves small businesses. 
Let me see if I can sort of lay out the 
case that is before us and the decision that we as Members of Congress are going to have to make. 
economic growth and job creation in this country. Eighty percent of all businesses in America file their taxes as small businesses under what we call 
subchapter S corporations or partnerships, and one of the critical ingredients to running a successful small business is to be able to buy equipment for your small business and to hire people to do things. One of the important provisions in the Tax Code to help do this is something we call section 179 of the Tax Code. 
to small businesses: We want you to be able to write off the purchase of equipment to run your small business so that you can be successful. 
number of years, small businesses have been able to write off $500,000—a small business earning $2 million—to purchase equipment. The problem is, as of January 1 of this year, that ability to write off $500,000 to buy a couple of trucks and scaffolding and other kinds of equipment—maybe you want to buy a tractor if you are a farmer, maybe you want to buy a skid steer if you are a contractor—that $500,000 expensing limit has now gone down to $25,000. 
says: We don’t want that to happen. Let’s get it back up to where it was so small businesses can plan and invest for their future. 
Last year, this expired at the beginning of this year. So, we waited until December 11 to say: No, you can expense up to $500,000 for these small businesses to purchase things like tractors and all sorts of kinds of equipment. 
So this is what we did to the American small business men and women of America last year. We said: You don’t know what is going to happen, and we will let you know on December 11, and you will have a few weeks to make all of these decisions before this expires. Just think about that. 
of last year was the window in which American small business men and women realized they had this incentive to purchase and plan for equipment because on January 1 it went away. And that is where we are today. 
monkey business, let’s stop this crazy notion of injecting all this uncertainty into small businesses and make this provision that is bipartisan—this provision that we know creates jobs—let’s make it permanent so that small business men and women of America can plan their purchases. 
Case tractors. We make Case New Holland tractors in Racine, Wisconsin. We call them Case Magnums. These are phenomenal tractors that increase the productivity of farmers and ranchers. They are also used for construction. Well, it is a pretty big purchase. It is about $200,000, $250,000 for a nice Case Magnum, and it is a big purchase that somebody needs to think about and plan. 
Case, the dealer in Janesville, Wisconsin, had to wait from December 11 to December 31 to be able to try and 
market these tractors as something that a small business person or a farmer could actually purchase. Think about the kind of uncertainty you are injecting into the economy when people cannot think and plan and invest in their businesses because of Congress. 
here is produce certainty so that the men and women on the line in Racine, Wisconsin, making Case tractors can make those tractors and so that the dealers selling those tractors can sell those tractors so the farmers and ranchers and construction contractors can buy those tractors, knowing that this incentive that has been here and not, up and down is there, and they can plan accordingly, so that we can grow the economy and create jobs. 
The purpose of all of this is to get 
people back to work. The purpose of all of this is to recognize that small business is the backbone of our economy, and one of the biggest things that is threatening small businesses, one of the reasons why we have this middle income wage stagnation, one of the reasons why we have slower than average economic growth, is because we have all this uncertainty in our economy. 
We need to help them plan for the future. We need to stop this crazy game of extending a tax benefit that has been on the books for quite some time one year at a time or retroactive one year at a time and give businesses certainty. 
all of a sudden some tax cut that one must pay for is a notion that we just completely disagree with, which is a difference of opinion between ourselves and the other side of the aisle. 
bill to extend the 179 limit to $500,000, to make it permanent and help small businesses grow and create jobs. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Republicans reacted to the tax reform proposal from thenChairman Dave Camp with a ‘‘blah, blah, blah, blah.’’ That reception, echoed in the overall chilly reaction of the Republicans, stemmed in part from that plan’s honesty. 
increase the deficit with his proposal. To achieve that goal, he played it straight—at least within the first 10 years. He proposed a tax on banks that 
drew cringes from his fellow Republicans. He put forward a surtax on the highest earners—essentially, a third tax rate. And he eliminated one of the most widely used provisions in the Tax Code: the State and local sales tax deduction. In the process, he paid for making permanent tax provisions like the bill before us today, this single piece of legislation costing about $80 billion alone. Like it or not, it was at least somewhat honest accounting. And so started a Republican ploy to get around the hard realities of tax reform. The gist of that ploy: take a number of provisions separately, make them permanent, and don’t pay a dime for them. Not a dime. The reason? The expectation of needing to raise less revenue in tax reform would allow Republicans to more easily cut tax rates. 
pay for their tax cuts—and they still do fear this—by shifting to the highly uncertain dynamic scoring may not be enough. So they are further trying to rig the system with baseline games and making permanent tax provisions outside of tax reform. 
worth of tax extenders made permanent would make it easier for Republicans to lower taxes, especially on higher income taxpayers, carrying out further their trickledown tax policies. It would allow them to avoid having to end the abuse of tax savings and incentives to ship jobs overseas. 
this is so important—through permanent unpaidfor tax revisions, Republicans could later cite this debt that they created as a reason to take a hatchet to programs like Head Start or fail to adequately fund the vital research at the National Institutes of Health. The President blew the whistle on that scheme—the rigging of the system and sound policy—with support from Democrats. Last year, the ploy was stopped in the Senate. 
going at it again—before even hinting, by the way, what tax reform might look like; there is no H.R. 1 for tax reform this session—throwing to the wind the statement of the chairman of our committee, Mr. RYAN, about trying 
to find common ground on common aspects of tax reform, at the same time betraying the GOP preaching on fiscal responsibility. 
As chairman of the Budget Committee, Mr. RYAN never assumed tax 
extenders would be a permanent part of the Tax Code. Otherwise, he would never have been able to say he balanced the budget in 10 years. 
and Means Committee is proposing now is the opposite of the approach he pursued as the chairman of the Budget Committee. 
The bill before us on section 179 addresses an important subject. It is primarily available to small and middle 
sized businesses. It will likely be part of any tax reform. And until then, it will be renewed. That is certain. 
they control when renewal would occur, absent tax reform, but this provision deserves not to be left out of a tax reform process. It should give careful and comprehensive consideration of all the tax provisions in our Code. 
Republican gambit is for editorial writers to use their pen and for others to 
use social media, tweeting to Republicans this message: Stop your efforts at congressional alchemy. 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), a 
that today, although it won’t be reflected in the final vote count of the legislation before us, there actually is a lot of common ground that exists in this Chamber. 
and colleague from Wisconsin, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, that our Nation is in desperate need of comprehensive tax reform. We have an a old, antiquated Tax Code that is not fair. It is too complicated. 
position in the global economy, and it is long overdue for a thorough scrubbing and a review so that we can simplify it, lower the rates for businesses— large and small—and for our families back home, and lead us in a more competitive position. 
that the majority is taking undermines that attempt. This legislation and the legislation that was before us yesterday and the legislation that will be coming up as soon as we get back from the President’s Day recess is probably the surest signal that the majority in the Congress, just 6 weeks into this new session, is punting on comprehensive tax reform because this isn’t the way to do it. 
where, policywise, it may make sense and there is great agreement behind the policy of what is being offered, not paying for it undermines the ability for us to comprehensively reform the Code, making the difficult decisions so we don’t leave a legacy of debt for future generations. 
have teamed up with Representative TIBERI from Ohio when it comes to the 
expensing 179 allowance. I think it makes sense with small businesses and family farmers in Wisconsin and throughout the country to have that cash flow, to have that certainty built into the Code, to make sure that they can immediately expense the investments that they are putting into their business which can help to grow the economy and create jobs. 
on S corp modernization, but between those bills, it is an $80 billion cost, according to the Congressional Budget Office, and no effort to find an offset or a payfor to deal with it, and that is a 
missed opportunity because this really does come down to fiscal responsibility. 
quoted as saying, ‘‘The people deserve a government that works for them, not one that buries them in more debt.’’ 
sentiment; yet we have got an example of how well PayAsYouGo budgeting can work. During the 1990s, when there was a spending increase offered or a tax cut offered, there had to be an offset to pay for it, and it helped lead, along with a growing economy, 4 years of budget surpluses when we were paying down the national debt, rather than adding to it, but somehow, that element of fiscal discipline and responsibility is absent in the legislation that is before us today. 
Camp did last year in offering his discussion draft on comprehensive reform by making difficult decisions within the Tax Code, finding expenditures that are inefficient and not necessary to promote growth and job creation, and make those decisions while we reform the entire Code. 
be taking rather than piecemealing very popular proposals, mind you, but doing it in a way that leaves a legacy of more deficits and more debt for future generations to grapple with but also undermines the baseline that we need, the tools that we need to do comprehensive reform the right way. 
maybe they are doing it because they know it is a message piece rather than a real, substantive proposal. Again, we couldn’t agree about the need for greater certainty, more predictability in the Tax Code so our businesses can start making longerterm decisions and 
not worrying about whether Congress is going to get its act together at the end of the year and extend shortterm measures like this. 
But the way to do that is in comprehensive reform and making the difficult decisions that will have to be made, so we don’t pile up the debt for future generations. 
corp modernization, I think it is in the right place. We have got to find a way to pay for it. 
‘‘no.’’ Let’s get back to the real business of reforming a Tax Code that is long overdue. 
time, Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distinguished House 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank more than just the gentleman for yielding. I want to thank him for his work as chairman on the Committee on Ways and Means, knowing where they are going. 
We have to reform the Tax Code if we 
are going to grow this economy, and our chairman we have today, that has 
been his life’s work. There is no one better poised and in a better position of understanding to finally get this done, and I am excited about what the future brings. 
Today, we are talking about something much different. Today, we are talking about something that is already in the Code, something that helps bring job growth because it is about small business, and the worst thing about small business is to ever have uncertainty. 
American Congress. They don’t want to have uncertainty for small businesses. They are taking up an issue much earlier so you can plan for the future, so you can make that hire and grow. 
this? Many of you don’t know, but I started my first business when I was 19. I got a little luck of winning a lottery. I was saving my money in summer. I took my money out of the stock market, and I took a big risk and took my time out of college. 
It is not easy opening a small business. I even built the counter of my business in my dad’s garage, trying to save money, but the values I learned in that small business are the same values that every small business owner in America learns: you are the first one to work, you are the last one to leave, and you are the last one to be paid. 
is more uncertainty from their government of changing the Tax Code or even whether it is going to go forward. 
is a day to invest in America’s small businesses. As I have said a few times on this floor, these are things that should unite us, not divide us; but in this new American Congress, I think we have something different, Mr. Speaker, in the idea of putting veto threats from this administration. 
Just moments after we passed another bipartisan bill on the floor to help the food banks, the charitable giving, for those are the most vulnerable across our Nation, this administration offered a veto threat on helping small businesses. I take those seriously. 
As the majority leader, I want to understand. I want to work with anyone that wants to work with us, so I read the veto threat to understand where could we make something better, where had something gone wrong, because this was already in law. 
veto threat, on the President’s reasons why: first, he says that the House didn’t pass a bill last Congress that he wanted; and, second, he said Congress might pass bills in the future that he doesn’t like. How does that create any jobs in America? 
schoolyard argument than a debate on the floor of the House. I think it is time the people grow up, understand where jobs are created, understand what uncertainty does across America, 
business owner, knows the challenges, knows what he has to do to hire someone, I ask that we look in a new American Congress to put people before politics and pass this bill, so we can grow America’s economy. 
isn’t about small business. We favor 179. This is about monkey business, monkeying with procedure, doing the opposite of what the chairman did when he was chairman of the Budget Committee, of trying to rig the system. I wish the majority leader would have cited the entire Statement of Administration Policy. I assume he read it all. 
Here is what it said on behalf of the 
‘‘If this same, unprecedented approach of making certain traditional tax extenders permanent without offsets were followed for the other traditional tax extenders, it would add $500 billion or more to deficits over the next ten years, wiping out most of the deficit reduction achieved through the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2013. 
with the Congress to make progress on measures that strengthen the economy and help middleclass families, including progrowth business tax reform. However, H.R. 636 represents the wrong approach.’’ 
about, and it is really sad when the majority leader comes here and misrepresents what the administration has said. 
to find common ground. The answer today is, from the Republicans: Forget about common ground, common elements; stop working together; we’ll do it our way; don’t worry about tax reform now, we’ll worry about that later. 
That is what really this is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), a member of the Ways and 
Means Committee, the author of this legislation, be allowed to manage the time for our side of the aisle. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the chairman for his leadership in the area of tax reform and entitlement reform. 
monkey business. This is serious business, kind of de ´ja`vu all over again. We 
have now been at trying to do comprehensive tax reform for 5 years, and we should continue to try to do it, but our constituents shouldn’t be held hostage for the lack of the ability for us to get it across the finish line. This is bipartisan. 
Let me remind my friend from Michigan that the provisions in these bills that I am sponsoring today were part of a package that was being negotiated to be made permanent by a bicameral, bipartisan group of legislators in December, Democrat leadership and Republican leadership, before the President stepped in and said ‘‘no.’’ 
like Claggett & Sons, a general contractor. I will tell you what the controller of Claggett & Sons said about section 179. This is what he said: 
It is an important part of our decisionmaking process when evaluating equipment purchases. 
increased expensing levels permanent, as this bill does, will be beneficial for capital purchases planning for small businesses. 
section 179 in particular, Mr. Speaker, we had section 179 at this level, supported by Democrats and Republicans alike, for 2014. On December 11, 2014, we gave our constituents 20 days to take advantage of this provision, as we have done now 12 times on a temporary basis since 2003. 
Claggett & Sons couldn’t take advantage of it. My friends have heard about my constituents, farmers Tom and Judy Price, about buying a combine, waiting to see when we would make this permanent or reextend it. 
decision—20 days. That is no way to run a railroad, none at all, Mr. Speaker. 
other side has made. I want tax reform in a comprehensive way as bad as anybody. The two aren’t mutually exclusive here in terms of, we can do this, give our small business owners and farmers the type of certainty they need that will help our economy grow, that will help their businesses grow, rather than do what we have done for 12 years now—over 12 years—making these temporary provisions, extending them for a year or two at the end of the year. That is just no way to do this. 
of small business owners like Claggett & Sons and farmers like Tom and Judy Price, I urge us to move the ball forward. We can chew gum and walk at the same time. We can do this, and we can move on to try to find common ground on comprehensive tax reform. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. 
I say to my friend from Ohio, you are 
running this railroad. If you want to wait until December, that is your decision. It wasn’t ours. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cincinnati, Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the chairman of the Committee on Small Business. 
day and heads to a small business. That is where they work. Small firms are critical to America’s success. They create seven out of every 10 new job opportunities and provide the means for millions of our neighbors to put a roof over their head and food on their table and to get ahead in life. 
those small businesses and the working families that rely on them by providing muchneeded certainty. It would make permanent several tax policies that end up being retroactively applied anyway at the end of every year, but not without scrambling at the eleventh hour. We have all seen this happen year after year after year. Let’s give these small businesses all over the country the certainty that they need. 
These provisions will help small businesses purchase equipment and technology to grow and create more jobs; and, after all, that is what we on both sides of the aisle say we are after is creating more jobs in this economy. Right now businesses are oftentimes operating in the dark. They don’t know whether they will be able to utilize these progrowth tax provisions or not. That lack of certainty discourages growth, and it discourages job creation. Passing this bill will make it easier for small businesses to plan for the future, knowing that Washington won’t pull the rug from under them. 
on Small Business, I strongly support this measure and any measure that removes barriers to small business job creation. This bill provides relief to our Nation’s small businesses and will result in more opportunities to working families all over this country. 
from Ohio, Mr. TIBERI , for his leadership on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ). 
whether or not the Democrats have finally recognized the importance of the deficit and the debt and that since we are going to pass these bills anyway, because there is a negative feeling that we are not going to have tax reform, I assume, that we might as well give some confidence to our small business people that they will have this tax incentive. 
Well, that is a way of thinking, but it 
would appear to me that if we can forgo going through the regular procedure in order to give, at this stage of 
now, I have heard no reason—and I hope I will—as to why we cannot close the loopholes that exist in the Tax Code now. 
dispute that we have trillions of dollars—certainly hundreds of billions of dollars—in the Tax Code that Republicans and Democrats believe shouldn’t be there. While we are anxious to reduce the corporate tax so that we are not embarrassingly the highest in the entire world, we also know that there are so many corporations that don’t pay any taxes at all. How can we ignore that? 
If we can say that we are going to go 
into debt for a trillion dollars by extensions, why can’t we say we are going to pay for it by closing the loopholes? It is clear to me, if we want to make certain steps in advance of a comprehensive tax reform, that we just can’t pick that part that business wants as an incentive and at the same time not look at the part that business really is taking advantage of loopholes that the Congress has provided. 
with being unAmerican because they are not paying taxes. It is our responsibility to have a Tax Code, as FOX would say, that is fair and balanced. 
the things that people need, such as education, the homeless, the infrastructure, all of the things that can make America greater, to select out the lowhanging fruit for tax reform and leave the hard work as to how we are going to raise the money to pay for it for later does not make any legislative sense. So that if we are being charged with being too fiscally responsible because we are concerned as to what this is doing to our national debt, then help us to raise the funds that are there that are not difficult to recognize. 
though the corporations and the businesses that receive these obscene tax benefits are the ones that actually contribute the most to the parties that legislate. I am not saying there is a connection, but there is a perception that those people that give high congressional campaign funds are the ones that receive high tax benefits. Certainly it goes without saying that those who are not doing well as relates to fairness and equity in the tax system are those people who don’t hire the accountants and the lobbyists. 
that if you are going to extend our government to this liability fiscally, then we can raise some money at the same time by closing the tax loopholes. 
minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), who represents a 
number of newly created small businesses with the energy boom. 
the sponsor of this important legislation for yielding the time. 
I just have to respond to the most recent speaker, who I believe is sincere in his concerns, but we are not talking today about corporations and loopholes. We are not talking about education and homelessness. Those are important things that we want to work with them on. We are talking today about small business. 
ranking member said that today is not about small business; it is about monkeying around with procedures. Are we so wed to our procedures that that is more important than small businesses? 
I also have to say that, for me, in my 
town halls, in my Coffee with Cramer sessions, my regular town halls—I had more town halls than any Member of Congress last year—the number one issue that is raised not by corporations but by small family business men and women, largely farmers and ranchers, is the issue of 179 expensing and the uncertainty that is created by midDecember extensions to the previous year. Maybe if they are lucky, the farmer gets to buy a new combine for Christmas. 
farmer or the snow removal business person that needs to buy a new snow blower or the lawn care businessman that needs to buy a new mower. It is about more than the implement dealers. It is about more than even the Case IH plant or John Deere plant or the Melroe Bobcat plants in North Dakota. Those are important. But it is also about the mechanic that works at the implement dealership, who is one paycheck away from not being able to feed his family. It is about the restaurant owner, the cafe owner in a small town who feeds breakfast and lunch and dinner and, yes, occasionally midmorning coffee over the shaking of dice to that farmer, to that implement dealer, to that mechanic that benefits from the dynamics—the dynamics—of an economy that, yes, provides this, not a loophole, this appropriate deduction in the year in which a piece of equipment is purchased. It makes all the difference in the world not to corporate America, but to middle class families, hardworking farmers and ranchers and mechanics and snow removers and landscapers and all kinds of middle class working people in America. 
this incremental step toward comprehensive tax reform and do the thing that I know we all know is the right thing to do. Let’s pass this bill. Let’s pass it in the Senate. Let’s get it on the President’s desk and appeal to him for common sense. 
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), who heads up one of our subcommittees as ranking member. 
the previous gentleman has just stated. I had not intended to speak because I am going to offer the motion to recommit on our side, but the gentleman appeared in his commentary to belittle the notion of procedure. 
Procedure in this institution is sacrosanct based upon the rules that we adopt in the earliest moments of the new Congress. I was struck by the notion that we should just cast aside and denigrate procedure. That is how the institution operates, based upon procedure, established precedent, and settled law. 
just offend procedure, we remind ourselves of what has happened to this institution during the last two decades when virtually all the Members on both sides got elected by running against the institution. They could never step away from the campaign rhetoric to get on with actual governance of the institution. Procedure in this institution means that we adhere to a prescribed set of rules and orders and, yes, goodwill. 
to get up and talk about this issue, arcane as it might seem, but it underlies the whole notion of a representative democracy and a duly elected legislative institution. Procedure, the basic tenet of which is, oftentimes: Shall the institution simply concur with a motion to proceed? That is the antecedent of the term, ‘‘procedure.’’ That is how the body works. 
proposed here and what we object to in no small measure is the violation of the whole notion of procedure. 
the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), another distinguished member of our committee. 
come today in the midst of a debate at a time when there are wide areas of agreement in this Congress about things that we should do to help improve the country. We all acknowledge the importance of tax reform. Many people in this Chamber, on both sides of the aisle, have a lot of time and energy invested in it. And in the other Chamber, they are establishing working groups to explore the challenges. The administration has set reform proposals in its budget that could be a basis of discussion in moving forward. Our past chairman produced a substantial draft and was, sadly, maligned for, in fact, achieving his objective of a significant reform that was revenueneutral. 
And what we are seeing today is another in a series of bills that have 
that objective. In fact, they run contrary to past reform efforts. 
up something that has broad agreement in terms of helping deal with problems of deductibility for sales tax in States that don’t have income tax. This was an area that was dealt with by the gentleman from Michigan, then Chairman Camp, in his reform bill. Our current chairman has called for a different treatment. We understand there are challenges dealing with it. But all of a sudden, we are just moving that forward too, and that is on the conveyor belt that is moving forward. 
process that it takes to reform the tax process, wherein we have so far already approved over $300 billion that, if approved, would add to the deficit. Now, mercifully, I don’t think they are going to be enacted anytime soon, but it sets us back for the longterm objective and confuses what we could be doing. 
how we deal with another area that used to be a bipartisan area of consensus, and that is providing funding for infrastructure to rebuild and renew the country. 
It was interesting, we have a highway trust fund where the current fix runs out this spring. The highway trust fund will be literally going broke by early June. Some States have already listed the projects they have as suspended or canceled due to this uncertainty. And more will act as it becomes clearer that we are in a pickle, and Congress has not yet moved forward. 
Last summer, when Congress struggled to pass the 23rd shortterm extension to our transportation program, nowChairman RYANsaid that it is important that we follow ‘‘a House budget rule that requires general fund transfers to the trust fund to be fully offset. It should not become a recurring practice for taxpayers to bail out the highway and transit programs because Congress and the President are unable to make the changes necessary to avoid future trust fund insolvency.’’ 
Here, we roll through, add to the deficit, make tax reform more complicated, and the Republicancontrolled Congress has yet, in the entire 50 months that it has been in charge, to have even a hearing on a proposal that is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL–CIO, truckers, AAA, transit, local government, environmentalists, and mirrors something that Ronald Reagan did 33 years ago. 
through this exercise. And we will do it, and we are going to see that there is kind of a twotrack system. 
things that they want to move, it will go forward—consequences to the deficit 
be damned—even if it makes more difficult longterm tax reform and repudiates things that have had bipartisan interest in the past. 
broad support, that have profound effects on the economy right now and impact people from coast to coast, lie dormant, and we are manufacturing another crisis. 
have an artificial crisis with disability funding because of a switch in the rules for those that don’t get this favored treatment. 
this gulf in terms of our inability to work together. There is a reason because there is a gap between those income disparities, failing to deal with policies that would narrow them rather than widen them. And I hope that we can get past this today and at some point get back to basics on things that will make us stronger, that can bring us together, and make our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), the chairman of the 
I don’t think I will use all that time. I appreciate the generosity of the gentleman. 
socalled admonishment from the minority as to how this jeopardizes tax reform and how it is not being bipartisan. 
Let me see if I can bring some clarity 
to this debate. I interpret what was just said as, if you don’t agree with our higher taxes, if you don’t—before negotiating tax reform—agree to our terms of the debate, then you are not being bipartisan. 
we made similar arguments as well, which were: surrender your beliefs, surrender your principles, agree with us, and then we can be bipartisan. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, I was born at night, but I wasn’t born last night. That is not how negotiations occur. That is not how you find common ground. Finding common ground isn’t surrendering your ground and agreeing to the other ground. Finding common ground is saying, where do my principles and your principles intersect, overlay, and what can we do? 
here is what this is about: the premise that the minority is offering is, these tax provisions that we all agree on, that we think are good, that we think help the economy, but that have, in law, expiration dates when they expire and those taxes go up, we don’t think that is good. 
things expire and go up, we don’t want that to happen. So we will work with you and make sure that they don’t expire on a yearbyyear basis. And we are fine. But if you dare try to make 
these things that we all agree on, that need to stay in the Tax Code, permanent, you are not paying for it. It is a budgetbuster. You are being irresponsible. You are jeopardizing tax reform. Process, process, process. 
Here is the problem. What we are trying to do here, we are trying to grow the economy. We are trying to get people back to work. We are trying to increase takehome pay. We are trying to honor and respect the hardworking taxpayers who sent us here in the first place. 
So what we don’t want to do is tell 
all those small business men and women in America, wait until December, and then we will let you know what your Tax Code is going to look like. What we want to tell the small business men and women in America is: Washington is out of your way. You can go plan, and you can grow, and you can invest, and you can hire. That is what we are trying to achieve here. 
is somehow a big, giant tax cut is an idea and a premise that we don’t agree with. What we are being told here is, if we don’t agree with that, then we are jeopardizing tax reform. Baloney. 
by the fact that the minority is telling us already—in their statements from the White House, in their budgets— that there are temporary provisions in the Tax Code that they like that aren’t bipartisan, that they are saying make them permanent and don’t pay for them. So they are cherrypicking, selective memory. It is an argument, quite frankly, that I don’t think holds water because what we are doing here today, we are bringing certainty to the Tax Code. We are helping job creators and taxpayers and families. And we are doing it in a way that we think is honest, we think is fair, and we think advances tax reform. 
not to ask the other side to surrender their beliefs, surrender their principles, and agree with the other side, and then you can get along. That is not how you find common ground. That is not bipartisanship. That is surrender. Nobody is asking anybody to surrender, at least we are not. 
So what I would argue to my colleagues is, support this. Just show the small business men and women in your district that you are there for them, that you don’t want to keep doing this to them, which is projecting all this uncertainty. 
my friend from Oregon, who really is my friend; he is a sincere legislator who does his job very well, cares very dearly about his district—the argument he makes about tax cuts expiring doesn’t jibe with the spending argument he is making. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance, the farm bill, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, all of these are spending programs that have expiration dates, just 
have expiration dates. And when these things on the spending side of the ledger book expire and Congress extends them, it doesn’t cost. It is not measured in the baseline as costing anything. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. But God forbid if something in the Tax Code expires, you had better raise taxes on somebody else if you want to keep that provision. 
that is being brought to the floor here. They are saying, in order to keep taxes the same for charities and small businesses, you have got to raise taxes on some other hardworking taxpayer out 
there. That is the argument that is coming here. And if you don’t agree with that, then you are not being bipartisan, and you are not facilitating tax reform. We just don’t agree with that. 
floor. We are bringing our proposals to the table. And in the interest of growing the economy and finding common ground, this is what we are doing. 
aisle to bring their ideas to the floor, to bring their ideas to the committee, to bring their ideas into the public sphere so we can see where they line up and what we can do and where common ground might exist. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I shall consume. 
you surrender your ground for 1 minute, not for 1 second. What we are saying is, let’s search for common ground, and don’t you come here and cut out pieces of it, piece by piece. That is what we are suggesting. 
In terms of a 1year basis, we are saying, do things comprehensively like your predecessor did. 
process, process. It is a matter of policy, policy, policy. That is what this is all about. 
about wage inequality. What have you brought up here that relates to that? We are trying to get a vote, for example, on minimum wage. You won’t even allow us a vote. Give us a vote. 
there. And we could go into the details in terms of whether it is authorized for a certain period of time, and after that, then if it is permanent, it becomes part of the baseline. 
essentially rig the system. You want to do it with dynamic scoring. And now you essentially want to take each of these pieces, make them permanent, unpaid for, to put them in the baseline. You did not do that when you were chairman of the Budget Committee. 
that word because I totally respect your honesty more than that. I think it 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. The budget 
resolution reflects law as it is. The budget resolution reflects the CBO as it gives us baselines and laws. What we are doing here are our policy preferences. What we are doing here is what we think that law ought to be, not what it is. The budget resolution is: here is the law, there it is. 
What we are trying to do here is fix 
the law because we think the law is broken. We think the law doesn’t work. 
Mr. LEVIN. Well, here is the problem: you took the baseline in the budget, and you don’t want to take it for this. You want to squeeze $800 billion permanently unpaid for, change the baseline, and that increases the deficit by that amount, and then you use that deficit to squeeze out needs, whether it is NIH or whatever it is. Infrastructure has been mentioned here also. 
is hypocritical to do one thing in one committee and another thing in another committee. It is not only hypocritical, it is a very dangerous approach. 
That is our answer. I am not suggesting you surrender for 1 minute, but don’t take pieces out of ground that we want to be common. That is what you are doing, and that is why it is antithetical to tax reform. That is why Dave Camp came here with a comprehensive program, and you guys didn’t like it. 
That was the Speaker, and others of you did not like it—the bank tax—so you don’t want to do it comprehensively at first. You want to do it piece by piece. That is bad policy, it is bad for the deficit, and it is bad for the hopes for tax reform. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
Roman Catholic, I find it interesting that Mr. Camp is a saint now that he is gone. I would like to remind my colleagues that Mr. Camp worked for several years on comprehensive tax reform with little help from the other side. When I say ‘‘the other side,’’ I mean the White House. It was 4 years into his chairmanship that he released a draft. 
job for about 42 days, so let’s give him some time to work on a comprehensive draft which he said and has continued to say that he can do while we make some important provisions that have been bipartisan that is about putting money in people’s pockets. 
worst job recovery in my lifetime—the worst. This provision has been around 
for a long, long time. We know it works—liberal economists, conservative economists—expensing works. It works for small businesses. Small businesses hire people. 
owners and many farmers pay their taxes quarterly. Most of us have our taxes taken out of our paycheck every time we have a paycheck. 
having on the floor today if every American had to send in their taxes quarterly. These small business owners and farmers are at the heart of our economy in trying to improve our economy—improve our economy, grow our economy, and hire more people. We are all for that. 
from Ohio, I favor 179, not doing it piecemeal unpaid for this way. 
By the way, this is not the worst job 
recovery. There has been an increase in jobs in the last month, month after month. The problem is it hasn’t lifted the incomes of middleincome families. Let’s get together to do that. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), who has been working on 
small business—maybe you will tell us how many years—a few. 
the bill before us today. As we all know, small businesses are critical to sustaining our economic growth, and it only makes sense to cater our economic policy to meet their needs. 
Congress needs to continue promoting our ultimate goal of providing small firms with certainty and simplicity in our Tax Code. Expanding section 179 permanently is one way to accomplish this goal. 
other important provisions in the Tax Code benefiting small firms. What about R&D tax credit or modernizing the depreciation schedule? 
small businesses have been asking for, for so long, but here we are again enacting a piecemeal tax bill that does nothing to accomplish our bipartisan goal of passing comprehensive tax reform. 
are fighting for small businesses when it is convenient for them. However, today’s bill doesn’t provide enough for small firms, and it certainly doesn’t meet what the other side of the aisle claims is the most important policy tenet: fiscal responsibility. 
more can be done to help small businesses, we must enact smart, comprehensive tax reform that truly addresses small business needs. 
ask if the other side is ready for closing. We have no more speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
The issue isn’t whether 179 is a useful provision. It is. It will be continued. That can be sure. It should not be continued essentially forever unpaid for, adding to the deficit, eroding the chances for tax reform, but this really isn’t about 179. 
other provisions outside of tax reform is really essentially to rig the system. It is to play games with the system. It is to try to change the rules so that essentially, if you make it permanent unpaid for, it goes into the baseline; and therefore, after that, you don’t have to pay for it. 
It means you can do other things like reducing tax rates mainly for the very wealthy, having more room to do that, not having to worry about the money to pay for that because you haven’t used the money to pay for the extenders. That is really what this is all about. 
It wasn’t done in the Rules Committee by Chairman RYAN. It should 
not be done now. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans are trying to adjust the rules, to change them, so that they can proceed with their approaches. It isn’t forthright, and it isn’t honest. 
They are worried the dynamic scoring won’t be enough, so essentially, they are trying to do dynamic things— socalled—with the basis. All of that really is contrary to sound policy, it is contrary to the rules, and it is really contrary to the search for bipartisanship. 
about 179 as an important part of tax reform. We will do that tomorrow. We haven’t even started on tax reform. Now, you essentially want to say we will cut some pieces, and we will do that. That is not sound policy. As Mr. NEAL said, it really abrogates sound 
we vote ‘‘no.’’ There will be, one way or another, enough votes if this ever got through the Senate—and it won’t—to sustain a veto. Don’t play games. Let’s address tax reform and responsibility in terms of the deficits. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
game. This is reality. This is Groundhog’s Day. We have been doing this for 12 years. You go ask somebody who is trying to run a business in America on Main Street—they want certainty, they don’t want retroactivity. 
year. They would like longer than that. Their business cycle is longer than 10 months. Their business cycle is years. 
Go ask an accountant at a business in terms of how they have to plan. The rules are rigged against them. The rules—the chairman talked about the rules. 
Imagine this: this provision is expired, and my colleagues in the minority are concerned about adding to the deficit because this provision that expired on December 31, we are trying to renew without raising taxes on other people. 
mentioned a few of those programs, and we renew them at the same level, it doesn’t add to the deficit. Think about that. Go talk to some constituents at a diner on Main Street in any of our districts and see if they think those rules are fair. They are paying the bill. They are paying all of the bill. 
get things done. We have to get things done. The American people are counting on us to get things done. This is as common ground as there is in our Tax Code when it comes to trying to help job creators create jobs. 
minimum wage job. I know people who want jobs that pay more than the minimum wage. I had a minimum wage job once. I wanted to make more than that. That wasn’t my goal. My goal was to make more money than minimum wage. 
somebody who can’t find a job who wants a job. I know people who want to create more jobs and have their businesses grow. This provision, ladies and gentlemen, we know this provision helps people get jobs. It doesn’t have to be that hard. We can walk and chew gum. 
Mr. Speaker, we can lay the groundwork for comprehensive tax reform, but we need partners. We need partners in the Senate, and we need partners in the White House. 
for C corp reform. Well, as everybody knows, this provision is going to help a lot more than just C corps. It is going to help small businesses that are passthrough entities, S corps, limited liability companies, and momandpop small businesses on Main Street. We cannot wait. These people have waited long enough. 
term certainty. This is an important step to comprehensive tax reform—a very important one—that we need to pass and get on our business to getting to comprehensive tax reform. 
the minority, let’s put aside this rhetoric; let’s move toward this; let’s pass this bill. 
reminiscent of debate today, and we almost got there, ladies and gentlemen. Democrats in the Senate, the Democrat majority leader, our chairman at the time, Dave Camp, were negotiating 
the framework of what some now are being critical of that would create permanency for policy provisions that we are debating today. 
under the right circumstances, exactly how this is written. So let’s put aside all those things, and let’s do work today that is good for America and good for Americans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, because I was 
in California, I was not present when the House voted on H.R. 636, the America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. 
I support many of the goals of the tax provisions in this bill and recognize the value of extending them permanently, but I am concerned that H.R. 636 does not pay for them. I am a strong supporter of helping small businesses succeed. Small businesses power the American economy, and some of the provisions in this bill will help these small companies remain healthy, but this onesided approach of passing bills that offer tax reductions without increasing revenues is unsustainable. 
H.R. 636 will add $79.2 billion to the deficit 
over 10 years and puts further pressure on the United States’ domestic discretionary priorities. By bringing this and similar tax extender bills to the floor or votes, Republicans continue to demonstrate that they are not serious about deficit reduction. It is long past time for Congress to have a reasonable and informed debate on comprehensive tax reform. These piecemeal, unbalanced extender votes are not the way to approach real tax reform. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. NEAL. I am opposed to the bill in 
636 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
a permanent extension of the provisions of this Act, so long as it is accomplished in a fiscally responsible manner. 
this Act, any temporary provision of law the application of which is otherwise made permanent under this Act shall be hereby only extended for 1 year. 
from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
(Mr. NEAL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this bill in its current form. I would remind my colleagues that this amendment to the bill will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
served on the Ways and Means Committee for a long time, think that we should label tax reform as ‘‘Chairman RYAN’s tax reform by ambiguity.’’ 
I can’t figure this out. We have a set 
of final decisions that are putting ours in front of the discussion and the debate. Mr. RYAN stands and says: You 
are supposed to stick to your principles; you are supposed to stick to your beliefs; you don’t need bipartisanship. And the majority leader addressed the House 10 minutes before, blaming the President because he sticks to his beliefs and he sticks to his principles and he adheres to some basic policy tenets. 
appropriate way to discuss tax reform. But I have figured out what the problem is. They, on the Republican side, are now afraid of doing tax reform. They must be afraid of what they see as the luck that might come to the Democratic Party based on tax reform. 
Every Democrat in this institution favors 179 and favors expensing for small businesses. If anything, we would extend the principle beyond its current form so that we might include even more individuals. 
permanent unpaidfor extension of these tax bills harms bipartisan tax reform because it goes out of its way to violate not just procedure, but something that is elusive and hard to put our arms around in this institution, and it is called the principle of goodwill—which, by the way, used to exist, particularly on the Ways and Means Committee. It was the hardest committee to get on. There was deep thinking that you had to adhere to at virtually every tax measure. People spent careers trying to get on and, once they got on, spent careers trying to perfect legislation that might come to the aid of the American family. But not in this instance. 
is my friend—say a few moments ago, he addressed the issue of the framework. Democrats do not object to the framework that David Camp used—or as Mr. TIBERI called him, Saint David 
Camp—to do fundamental tax reform. We strongly endorse the principle offered by Chairman Camp of framework and procedure. He included Democrats 
right through the whole discussion. And then when it failed—and incidentally, as I told you it would. When it failed, Mr. Camp said: Well, we have to do the extenders. 
So there is a bit of amnesia at work 
here today. They were in charge when we had to do the extenders in, what we might call in New England with Super Bowl champions, the 2minute warning. That is precisely what happened. We had to do this at the very end after the referee came in and said: If we don’t get this done quickly—and, by the way, another group that they disdain, the IRS, because the IRS said, for the 2 minute warning, what? They simply said to us: You will not be able to prepare tax reforms for April if we do not get this done right now. So succumbing to what had been a very good framework, we had to do tax extenders because the Republican Party rejected David Camp’s tax reform proposal. 
when he says everybody here favors 179. What we object to is you are going to borrow the money to end up paying for it because you violate the principles that in one moment you adhere to and in the next moment you relinquish. 
We might think, on this side, tomorrow is Valentine’s Day. There could have been some goodwill established here today. There could have been some common ground as we go forward on tax reform. 
when I joined the committee; I saw how Mr. RANGEL did it. And do you 
know what? I saw how Mr. Archer and Mr. Camp did it. They were institutionalists by nature. They would not have done what is being done today. All four of those individuals would have said: Well, first of all, to make it work and to make it great, it has to be bipartisan in nature as you relate to tax reform. 
’86, one of the things that comes to mind immediately is the fact that it was done with President Ronald 
As upset as I am today by the manner in which this is being offered, I want to say to our Republican colleagues, Happy Valentine’s Day. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
honor today. Let me just clarify what I said about Mr. Camp and his draft. What I said is—because the gentleman is right. He was fully engaged in a very comprehensive way, as were others on the committee with Chairman Camp and me and others. But Mr. Camp had one partner in the Senate that he was working with, a very important one; unfortunately, got sent to China, and at that point all opportunities with the other very important body kind of evaporated. And remember, 4 years—actually, his start was when he was actually ranking member, he started putting together a comprehensive draft. I think that is important to note. 
attempt today because, remember, last year, last summer, the gentleman correctly observed that this was a waste of time because we are just going to do this retroactively at the end of the year. We could have broken that cycle last year. It took Chairman Camp and Majority Leader REIDin December to 
almost do it. They almost got there. They almost broke the cycle. 
still stop this vicious cycle of 1 year here, 2 years there, retroactive here, and provide certainty and get to the business of comprehensive tax reform. We can do all that, but we have to pass this bill first and make it permanent. 
Happy Valentine’s Day. I yield back the balance of my time. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 173, nays 241, not voting 18, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
FLEISCHMANN, WESTMORELAND, and HUIZENGA of Michigan changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 272, noes 142, not voting 18, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Bass Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) 
Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 158, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 40, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Ca´rdenas 
Castro (TX) Chabot Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Nadler Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Bass Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conyers Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duffy Ellison Ellmers Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley Meehan Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schock Schrader Sewell (AL) Shuster Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Costa Cramer DeLauro DesJarlais Duckworth Eshoo Gohmert Gosar 
Granger Grijalva Hinojosa Honda Hudson Johnson, Sam Katko Lee Lofgren Meadows Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Noem Pearce 
Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Roe (TN) Ross Ruiz Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Vela Westerman 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed the following votes: rollcall vote No. 81 regarding the ‘‘Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 636’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
Rollcall vote No. 82 regarding the ‘‘America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 17, 2015, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning hour debate not apply on that day. 
POLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 
January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD ACADEMY 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Academy: 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to honor a great man who left his mark—in fact, a legacy—on our State 
winningest coach in FBS history, but many will remember Dean Smith as a pioneer in another arena. Dean grew up in a home that valued the inalienable human dignity conferred upon us by our Creator. 
When Coach Alfred Smith, Dean’s father, brought a young African American student on to his high school team, he did so against the wishes of the State’s athletic association. By speaking truth to power, Alfred Smith stood up for a principle that he knew was right. No doubt this had a profound impact on his son, Dean. 
helped integrate ACC basketball by recruiting UNC’s first African American player, Charlie Scott, in 1966. 
During his tenure, the greatest rivalry in college basketball became Duke and UNC. In fact, Coach K of Duke University said it best: 
Carolina, he was clearly ahead of his time in dealing with social issues. However, his greatest gift was his unique ability to teach what it takes to become a good man. That was easy for him to do because he was a great man himself. 
Thank you, Coach Smith, for your investment into basketball but even more into the lives you touched. 
rise to honor the men and women from my district in Nebraska who have served and continue to serve our country. Often their service keeps them from their families for extended periods of time and too often leaves them with unnecessary obstacles to overcome when they return home. 
For that reason, I am proud to announce that my office is launching our Military Voices Campaign. Over the next 6 weeks, my team and I will be meeting with folks in the military community on ways that we can help men and women who serve. Our goal is to build a network of support throughout the Second Congressional District. 
Nebraska is home to some of the finest men and women to serve this country, and our entire congressional delegation is committed to giving them the benefits and opportunities that they have earned. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the House for passing America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. I want 
to thank Congressman TIBERI , Chairman R YAN, and leadership for their 
If we want the United States to continue as the most productive economy in the world, we need to modernize our Tax Code. Allowing businesses to plan ahead and allocate their resources will generate wealth, jobs, and a higher standard of living for everyone. 
permanent is one way we can do this. Section 179 enables companies to accelerate depreciation of new and used equipment that is purchased and put into use during the same year. This expensing can stimulate business investment by reducing the cost of capital and increasing cash flow. 
critical to longterm growth and economic prosperity for all. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this important legislation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, part of the wonder of being a kid is discovering the world around us, you know, feeling the trunks of trees, picking up sticks, going to the beach, and picking up whatever you find, overturning rocks and looking for creatures. But around the Puget Sound and on the Atlantic coast and the Pacific, marine disease is ravaging sea stars, just like this, 20 species dying quickly, literally melting away. 
how are we going to stop it? The truth of the matter is we have absolutely no system in place to respond—none. So today I introduce the bicoastal, bipartisan Marine Disease Emergency Act. 
speeds up the process to address these outbreaks, providing the right resources and the right time to the scientists and researchers so that they can respond quickly. Responding fast is crucial to preventing widespread exposure or, worst case scenario, extinction. 
day more than 116 people are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. During my first tenure in Congress, I worked very closely with Dr. Sydney Elias Salmon, founding director of the Arizona Cancer Center. Together, we were able to 
ensure American cancer patients received greater access to lifesaving clinical trials. Shortly thereafter, pancreatic cancer claimed his life. 
Pancreatic cancer is the fourth deadliest cancer in the U.S. and the only one of the four that does not have a known cure. In fact, in the last 5 years, 92 percent of those that have been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer died during the first year of their diagnosis. 
few cancers for which the survival rate has not substantially improved over the last 25 years. It is time that we eradicate the scourge of cancer once and for all. We must again focus American ingenuity, dedication, and resources in the fight against cancer, particularly pancreatic and lung cancers that have lagged behind in diagnosis and survivability. It is vital that Congress champion early detection and research during the 114th Congress. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
proudly, over the last 2 days, voted for a temporary extension of the small business tax exemption and the food inventory charitable exemption because I realize that America has many needs that have to be addressed, food stamps that have been denied to many people with a $40 billion cut in the last Congress by my friends on the other side of the aisle. I realize that if we continue in the mode of a permanent tax exemption, where will the funding come from? Social Security? Medicare? Medicaid?—a variety of needs that our community has. 
the $1.5 trillion debt that we have, that is now $440 billion, that we continue to be responsible and be concerned about our children’s education and about 
health care and about many other things. So today we must stand, considering all the needs of Americans. 
an area that is trying to protect Freedmen’s Town bricks laid or bought for by freed slaves. I believe we should come together in the city of Houston with our Freedmen’s Town coalition and those citizens in that area and let’s resolve this. Let’s do trenching, preserve the bricks, and provide a quality infrastructure program that I have helped fund by Federal dollars. 
today in recognition of the loss of a true American hero. Colonel Fitz Fulton lost his life on February 4 of this year, and we lost the true ‘‘Dean of Flight Test.’’ The aerospace community mourns 
his passing. He had 23 years of service in the Air Force as a colonel and 20 years with NASA. Colonel Fulton was responsible for flying the YF–12 or, as some people would know, the SR–71, the XB–70, the B–52, and many other aircraft in his 16,000 hours in the air. 
Where I got my connection to Colonel Fulton was he was the B–52 pilot for dropping my father in the X–15 in the middle 1960s during the record flights. 
I will always remember Colonel Fulton as honorable and one of those people that you just looked at those steely eyes and you knew that he had a true sense of commitment to this country and what we believe in, and this country will mourn his passing. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to honor the life of Henry Lovelace. Henry was born November 22, 1931, in South Boston, Virginia, and passed away on January 28 of 2015. 
Henry was a vibrant, pleasant, peaceful person who always kept a positive attitude. He began to work at the early age of 16 as a schoolbus driver. Henry joined the United States Army in 1950 and was promoted to the rank of sergeant. He was stationed at Fort Sill Army Base in Oklahoma where he worked as a mechanic. After his military service, he worked as a public transit bus driver and maintenance worker at a local church in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
be closer to his family. He was a beloved father of two children, grandfather of six, greatgrandfather of eight, and fatherinlaw to Pete Longmire, mayor of the city of Pittsburg, California, in my district. He was an avid storyteller, shared stories about his military life, all of his life experiences, and his many travels. He enjoyed meeting new people, going to church every week, riding the public bus, playing checkers at senior centers, and wearing his crisp white dress shirts, ties, and dress hats. 
join me in honoring the remarkable life of Henry Lovelace. I send my deepest condolences to Henry’s family, friends, and loved ones. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to raise awareness for Angelman syndrome, an extremely rare neurogenetic disorder. This Sunday, February 15, is recognized as International Angelman Day. Originally described by a pediatrician in 1965, Angelman now affects roughly one out of every 15,000 children or young adults. They are also known as Angels. 
My son, Teddy, is one of those Angels. There are hundreds more just like him. My wife and I are extremely blessed by Teddy’s presence in our lives, and we are thankful for the joy he brings. 
Angelman Day, I encourage you to join me to increase awareness for Angelman syndrome this Sunday. You can participate by using the #angelmanday on Twitter and Facebook or by visiting www.angelman.org. 
Together, Mr. Speaker, we can increase awareness and support of Angels everywhere. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 
my friend from the Georgia delegation, Mr. LOUDERMILK . 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. I thank the gentleman for the time. 
heavy heart to pay tribute to a constituent, a friend, and a brother in Christ, Timothy F. Johnson, who, on January 30, left this life to spend eternity with our Savior. However, I stand before you today not to mourn the passing of a friend, but to honor a legacy, a legacy of a statesman, a soldier, and an American patriot. 
Tim’s compassion towards others was evident through the earliest part of his childhood. Joining the Boy Scouts, Tim was able to develop his natural leadership ability, which advanced him to the rank of Eagle Scout by the age of 14. After completing college, Tim’s 
passion for service led him to join the U.S. Army, where he rose to the rank of major. 
as an officer, Tim retired from active military service, but not from community service. Tim was always committed to excellence. He believed that although we may do good, we can always do better. Not only did Tim dedicate his life to the service, he also inspired others to do the same. 
understood the vision of our Founding Fathers that all men are created equal, Tim wanted to help other conservative Black Americans to pursue elected service. Believing that actions speak louder than words, Tim cofounded the Frederick Douglass Foundation, which today is the largest Christcentered, multiethnic Republican ministry in America. 
his fellow veterans, especially those returning from combat in Iraq and Afghanistan. To better help them transition back to civilian life, Tim accepted an appointment as the chairman of the Georgia Jail Diversion and Trauma Recovery for Veterans advisory council. 
remained active in minority engagement, veterans assistance, and community service until his passing. 
My friend, colleague, and constituent, Major Timothy F. Johnson lived a life that epitomizes the traditional American values of faith, family, and freedom. I knew him as a man of strong faith who loved God, his family, and his country. While he will be missed by many of those whose lives were touched by his service, we are comforted to know that what is our loss is Heaven’s gain. 
This is a country that is about individuals. It is about individual leadership, and it is about individual opportunity. The story you tell of Tim and the impact that he had on people’s lives is going to be known long, long after he has gone to be with our Lord. 
much smaller level than what my friend from Georgia was talking about, Mr. Speaker. I want to talk about it in the context of the Keystone pipeline that we passed this week. 
about opportunity. And if opportunity doesn’t live here anymore, I am not sure what the point of America is. If freedom doesn’t live here anymore, I am not sure what the point of America is. If families can’t raise their children and believe that their children, if they play by the rules, if they work hard, can create a better life for themselves than their parents had, if you don’t believe that anymore, the promise that is the American Dream is lost. And I think with one minor Federal regulation at a time, followed by a couple of major Federal regulations, followed by more minor regulations, we are eroding the ability of our young people to succeed and for their families to succeed. 
this week, Mr. Speaker, it is about employment opportunities. It is a jobcreating program. We have dozens upon dozens of pipelines across this country. Why in the world the President has chosen the Keystone pipeline to use as a political football is a mystery to me. 
It is hard work. It is often dangerous work. But it is important work that goes to the price of energy in every single one of our homes back home. 
Having passed it in the Senate, having passed it in the House, it now goes to the President’s desk. He could create jobs tomorrow. It is about energy security, Mr. 
Speaker. It is energy from our friends in Canada, one of our most loyal partners across the globe. We need North American energy security. I don’t want to rely on folks across the oceans who oftentimes wish us harm. I want to use those resources here. 
Creating this partnership with Canada gives us that energy security. It is enhanced safety, Mr. Speaker. You don’t think about it. But if we are not moving oil through a pipeline, we are moving it on trains, we are moving it in trucks. Trains and trucks and their safety record, Mr. Speaker, are much less reliable than pipelines, not just in terms of spills but in terms of lives. 
Dakota down here earlier this week, Mr. Speaker. Of course those trucks and trains are moving through his district. He said if we put in the pipeline instead of using those trucks, lives would be saved. Traffic accidents would be avoided. Lives would be saved, not just oil spills but real human consequences. 
We talk about environmental protection, Mr. Speaker. This is going to be the most advanced pipeline ever constructed in the United States of America. Now that is just the environmental protection of the pipeline. 
that oil be refined if we don’t do it here under U.S. safety and environmental standards? Well, the answer is we are going to ship that overseas. It is going to get shipped to China. It is going to get processed in a much less environmentally friendly way. We have an opportunity to take that step. 
about an exchange with our friends in Canada. Can you imagine if we had a product we were trying to get to market, and the only way to get it there or the simplest way to get it there was to move it through Canada, and the Canadians said: No, I don’t care about your economy, America; I don’t care about jobs in America; I don’t care about your resources; the answer is, no, we won’t partner with you. 
of the government in Canada, they are just flabbergasted that all they are asking is for this minor connection into the U.S. pipeline system, and the country they thought was their great friend—America—has been so resistant. For 7 years, we have been waiting on this solution, Mr. Speaker, and finally it has passed in this Congress this 
I want to talk about what is happening in this Congress because when you slow down things like the pipeline, Mr. Speaker, you are slowing down America. You are slowing down economic growth. You are slowing down job creation. 
a headline titled: ‘‘Harry Reid: Dems won’t engage in ‘obstruction.’ ’’ This is from November 12, 2014. 
former—at that time, he was the majority leader in the Senate. He is now 
the former majority leader in the Senate. He is making the point that America is not helped when the Senate engages in obstructionism. He says this: ‘‘I am ready to work with’’ MITCH 
leader—‘‘in good faith to make this institution function for the American people.’’ In good faith to make this institution function. He says: ‘‘I saw firsthand how a strategy of obstruction was debilitating to our system. I have no desire to engage in that manner.’’ 
wisdom. I think he is absolutely right about that. There is a right way and a wrong way to run this institution. He has observed the wrong way to do it. Unfortunately, that was back in November. 
Speaker. Look at the headlines from across the country. Washington Post: ‘‘Senate Democrats should be careful about their filibuster strategy.’’ As you know, the filibuster is the definition of obstruction. It is in full force in the Senate as we sit here today. 
new Democratic obstructionists.’’ That is the headline of the article, Mr. Speaker. It was just 3 months ago when Majority Leader HARRY REIDsaid: This 
is not the right path for America; this is bad for America. And he was right when he said it. It has taken 3 months for him to change his mind and go in the other direction. 
the filibuster; party leaders change tune now that they are in minority.’’ Change tune now that they are in the minority. 
less great today. Job creation is no less important today. The American economy is no less fragile today. But the Senate Democratic leaders have changed their tune. 
block funding for DHS to protect Obama immigration orders.’’ What that means, Mr. Speaker, is they have blocked debating the bill to fund DHS, that they are so intent on protecting the President and what he alone has done from the White House, they refuse to even allow the Senate to debate the merits of those issues. 
If this institution is not about debate, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what it is about. 
I begin with that to get us into the 
economy, Mr. Speaker. And I have to tell you, I have the vice chairman of the House Budget Committee down here today, the gentleman from Indiana, TODDROKITA . 
involved in the gargantuan task of trying to balance the Federal budget and present that budget to this House before April. But their task is complicated, Mr. Speaker. You can’t see the chart that I have, but their task is complicated because economic growth 
in America is slowing. The obstructionism in the Senate, the obstructionism from the White House can’t build simple things like the Keystone 
greatest public works projects in the history of our Nation, the Hoover Dam? The Hoover Dam was built in less time than it has taken the White House to consider the application for this short pipeline connecting America and Canada. We built the Hoover Dam more quickly than we can sign off on the paperwork for a pipeline. 
that is. Economic growth—in 2013, Mr. Speaker, CBO projected that GDP would be growing about 3 percent a year, 2.9 to be precise. By last year, in February, when they gave us their projections, they lowered it to 2.5 percent. Today, January 2015, they have lowered it to 2.3 percent. 
Mr. Speaker, that is not just 2.9 to 2.3 
percent. That is trillions of dollars in economic activity. It looks small on this page, but it is giant on the Federal budget, and it is even bigger when you talk about the job creation that hasn’t occurred. It is even bigger when you talk about Americans who are trapped in parttime work. It is even bigger when you talk about young people graduating from college who cannot find a job. That is the impact of obstructionism. That is the impact of inaction. That is the impact of having a former majority leader, now minority leader, in the Senate who, as the newspaper headlines say, has changed his tune. 
Speaker. It is not funny. It is sad. But I have heard folks say, Well, what are you complaining about, ROB? Deficits 
have come down by half in President Obama’s administration. They have come down by half. 
here 4 years ago, Mr. Speaker, deficits were at their single highest rate in the history of the Nation. And by ‘‘single highest rate,’’ I mean they were four times higher than they had ever before been. So they have dropped from being four times higher than ever before down to just higher than ever before. You can call that progress, but I don’t. 
of the size of the economy, Mr. Speaker. I go all the way back to 1965. We have had Republicans. We have had Democrats. We have had Republicans in Congress, Democrats in Congress; Republicans in the White House, Democrats in the White House. This isn’t about the parties. For Pete’s sake, if we look here for the only surpluses in our Nation’s history, it comes at a time when we had—much like we do today—Republicans here in this institution, Republicans in the United States Senate, and Democrats leading from the White House. It was a bipartisan way we created some economic growth. 
Speaker, is that we come here into the current administration, deficits dramatically higher than ever before in American history, dramatically higher. Coming down to the dotted line I have on the chart, Mr. Speaker, is the historical average, from 1965 to 2014. 
of us that we have to talk about our Nation’s finances by the historical deficit. Neither one of us came here to be involved in deficit spending. We came here to stop borrowing from our children and from our grandchildren, to start being responsible by paying the bills today, to improve opportunity in the future, not to diminish and borrow from opportunity in the future. But that has been the historical average. 
this chart, Mr. Speaker, is that even as the White House is preaching the good news of declining deficits, they have only declined from those record highs. They have declined to a level where they are going to continue to rise again at levels higher than the historical average. 
2 weeks ago now, Mr. Speaker, he sent that budget. It arrived here on time for the first time in his administration. I applaud him for that. But it never balances—never, ever. Not this year, not next year, not 10 years from now, not 20 years from now, not 100 years from now. 
America and the budget that should control it, from the President’s point of view, is a budget that should never, ever balance and, thus, a balance that should continue year after year to borrow from the prosperity of future generations so that we can spend it on ourselves. That is selfish in ways that I can’t be a part of. 
Mr. Speaker? We are talking about this in the Budget Committee right now. Total spending in this country is about $3.5 trillion this year. The little part that Congress has control over, it is the defense and the nondefense discretionary—this little corner of the pie. We are able to control that. 
In fact, Mr. ROKITA , the vice chairman of the Budget Committee, arrived here in 2010, as I did. Every single year since you have been here, leading at the Budget Committee, I would say to the gentleman from Indiana, we have reduced that discretionary spending every single year. It hasn’t been easy. It has been hard, deliberate, bipartisan work. But you have done it because it was the right thing to do. $3.5 trillion is a lot of money. But the small part that you have had control over, you have made a difference in. It is the rest of this pot that continues to grow. 
I yield to my friend from Indiana. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
the way, while I am at it, let me just say that the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), in my humble opinion, 
is a blessing not only for this Congress and for the people of Georgia but for 
this country because of the tenacity you bring, the energy you bring. If I had a list of all the pieces of legislation, all the things that we have gotten done around here for the last 4 years that you and I have been in here, that you have had your fingers on, that you weren’t mentioned about, the work you have done behind the scenes, that list would be very long and would probably go out these doors. 
that we have done together, is for the first time since the Korean war, we have cut discretionary spending 4 years in a row. It hasn’t been done since the Korean war. 
slides, there is a lot more work to do, and we are going to continue to get to it. We need a partner at some point. We need people to put on what I call their big boy pants and their big girl skirts and get to the bottom of this, and that is getting to a balanced budget. 
I will tell you that this pie chart is 
very good. You are exactly right. Mr. Speaker, Mr. WOODALL is exactly right. 
The two blue pieces that we pull out for you in this pie chart are what you would get at in a traditional, regular budget process. 
This is what we call our discretionary spending both in the nondefense area and in the defense area. As you can see, it is really no more than onethird—or 40 percent—of our total Federal spending. The rest, all that red that you see there is on what we call autopilot spending because the budget, line by line, doesn’t touch that. Why? Because it is on autopilot. 
Medicaid, that is your Social Security, and that is your interest that we owe ourselves and other countries for all this debt because that is a contract. That red is just going to continue to grow as a percentage of that pie until it takes up nearly all of it over the next several years. 
money we need to spend on the things that constitutionally we need to spend it on, like defense and like some of the other 167 other agencies around here. That is a bad, bad situation. It is unsustainable. 
that is Social Security, that is Medicare, that is Medicaid, and that is the other mandatory spending, until you reform those programs, until they fit how we live in the 21st century, so they can be saved for our children and for our grandchildren, then you are really never going to get to balancing the budget or paying down this awful debt. 
I can’t imagine anything more immoral than passing on to future Americans—our children and grandchildren who do not yet exist—this burden. Talk about taxation without representation. 
Well, thank you, Mr. WOODALL . I appreciate your letting me as a member 
of the Budget Committee, under the excellent leadership of Chairman P RICE, 
chime in here. We are going to have a budget, the fifth time we will do it in a row here, by the statutory deadline. We intend to get it over to the Senate, and we intend to move this country forward. 
with Mr. WOODALL , I hope we have a 
partner this time. I hope we have personal responsibility on the floor of this House and the floor of the other Chamber. 
things happen in a vacuum. They don’t. They happen because folks like Mr. ROKITA take time away from their family and away from their constituents back home sometimes to work the long nights and the early mornings it takes to get a budget like this done. 
Speaker, I don’t know if you have ever thought about it—$3.5 trillion is the size of our annual spending—annual spending. People often characterize— and I would tell you mischaracterize— Republicans as folks who want to shut down government. That is nonsense. 
You heard the gentleman from Indiana’s heart as he was up here talking about his love for people, the needs that people have, and our opportunity to aid people and their families as they struggle with some of those challenges. We spend $3.5 trillion a year in that effort. 
It is not that we don’t want to spend 
the money. It is that we want to spend it effectively, efficiently, and accountably. That is all folks ask for back home. They don’t say, Shut the government down. They say, Spend my tax money effectively, efficiently, and accountably—$3.5 trillion, Mr. Speaker. 
coming to Congress to watch what goes on here on the floor of the House, Mr. Speaker, if any of those young people were born the day that Jesus Christ was born and, beginning on that day, they spent $1 million every day, $1 million every day, 7 days a week, Mr. Speaker, from the day that Jesus Christ was born until today, they would have to continue spending $1 million a day, every day, 7 days a week, for another 732 years, to spend their first trillion dollars. 
spending $3.5 trillion every year, and we borrowed from those same young people $18 trillion that they are going to have to pay back one day. These 
numbers are mindboggling, and sometimes, I wonder if we as a Chamber, Mr. Speaker, are taking this crisis as seriously as we must. 
It is, at its core, a spending crisis. It 
is not a revenue crisis. It is not that $3.5 trillion isn’t enough to handle the needs of this country; it is. This chart, Mr. Speaker, you can’t see it, but it is a historical chart of spending, which is in the red, and revenues, which is in the green. Now, when we have had this big economic downturn here, so many families out of work, so many families in part time work, and so many young people who couldn’t find jobs, revenues absolutely went down. 
no jobs, and if folks don’t have jobs, they don’t have incomes, and if they don’t have incomes, they can’t pay taxes. We want people to go to work. You can’t pay taxes if you don’t have a job. 
willing to pay about 18 percent of GDP in tax revenue, so I draw that line on out for the foreseeable future. 
this town, Mr. Speaker. The red line represents if we did nothing, if we adjourned the Congress this afternoon, we went down to Pennsylvania Avenue, we picked up the President, and we all left Washington forever—I was wondering if there was going to be a loud group of cheers and applause that broke out when I said that, Mr. Speaker, I am not actually advocating for that—but if that were to happen, the laws that are already on the books have made promises to people that spend the money on this red line, going into historical debt territory, the likes of which we have never seen, and we cannot survive as a nation. 
is the problem. The green line is what we take from American families in taxes. It has been constant over time— not constant in actual dollars, but constant as a percent of the economy. It is the red line that is growing ever faster. 
you just a little bit further, Mr. Speaker, let me talk about interest rates in this country—interest rates in this country. 
it, again, Mr. Speaker, but it is charting the interest rates that America is paying on its debt. We borrow in all sorts of different instruments from shortterm, weeklong instruments, all the way up to 30year instruments. I put on the 3month bills and our 10 year notes on this chart. 
This chart covers most of my lifetime, Mr. Speaker. In fact, it goes a little further than my lifetime. What you are going to see, Mr. Speaker, going all the way back to 1965, it is charting the 3month bills and the 10year notes. 
where we are today, and what you see here, Mr. Speaker, is that we are at the lowest level of interest in the history of our country. In the history of our country, we have never paid less on Federal debt than we are paying today; yet we have never had more of it. 
What do you think is going to happen, Mr. Speaker, when these low interest rates that we have today return to these historically high levels? In fact, The Economist, as I pointed out here in blue, projects that interest rates will return. 
notes are going to more than double, I mean the 3month bills are going to 
more than sextuple. We are talking about an interest rate explosion around the corner, Mr. Speaker, that we are not going to be able to sustain. 
we are spending here today. As we sit here today, we are spending $229 billion in interest on our national debt—$229 billion—while we are at the lowest interest rates in American history. 
notes are going to double, if the rates on those 3month bills are going to sextuple, what do you think 229 billion changes into within the next 3 or 4 years, Mr. Speaker? 
doesn’t change into 400 billion. It goes northward to $500 billion in interest. In fact, as the President lays out his budget, we are looking at almost $1 trillion a year in interest payments within the next 10 years, in a single year, at year 10. 
enough money to pay for all of our national security, enough money to pay for all of the Medicaid program and the Medicare program, enough money to pay for the entire Social Security Program for a year, we are going to throw it away in interest payments because we didn’t have the discipline to control spending in this bipartisan Congress that we have. 
The lowest interest rates in American history, Mr. Speaker, every economist projects a rise, doubling to sextupling in the next 10 years. 
Speaker, because we have lots of spending going on. There are those who believe that the more we spend, the better results we are going to get. I want to tell you that is nonsense. 
today, Mr. Speaker, and we asked folks to have a show of hands of when was that great time in the American economy they remember, when were the cares of whether or not you could afford to pay your house note, whether you could afford to pay your car note, whether you could afford to take care of your children, when was the time that those cares were the least? 
economy was on fire. You remember that. The stockmarket was on fire, you had to hide under a rook to keep from finding a good job—again, Republicans controlling this institution, Democrats in the White House. We were working together to constrain spending to grow the economy. 
Speaker, shows per capita spending. It is not really meaningful to talk about spending in the abstract. It all distills down to an individual man, an individual woman, an individual family, what are we spending on individuals here in this country? 
This is Federal outlays per individual. You will see a constant increase going back to the Truman administration. This is World War II, where we 
not just the Republic, but of the world, going through the Truman administration and the Eisenhower administration. This is per capita spending. You see that it increases as inflation does, as government does. It just naturally rises little by little, year after year. 
you look here at the Clinton years in blue, that in those years that Americans would look back on with fondness and contentment, those years where the cares of the world seemed just a little bit lighter on their shoulders, we weren’t spending more from Washington, D.C. It didn’t require more spending from Washington, D.C. 
not dependent on spending from Washington, D.C. In fact, arguably, it is the opposite. The more Washington sucks out of America, the less that individual Americans have to grow their families, grow their businesses, and expand their opportunities. 
think about the Reagan years, you think about the first Bush years, and you think about the Clinton years, the economy was on fire and spending from the Federal Government held constant. 
you see spending begin to grow out of control. It happened in the Bush years. Again, this is not a partisan problem, this is an American problem. 
fighting a war on terror. Folks are beginning to worry about their families and worry about their jobs. Spending today continuing on that rise—well, continuing until I arrived here in 2010, until you arrived here in 2014, when the cavalry arrived here to say, Wait a minute, I know the challenges are vast, but we can’t just push the can down the road; we can’t pass our problems on to the next generation; we have to confront those problems together. 
do nothing, if we do nothing, if we never make another promise—and the budget the President just sent us is full of new promises to the tune of about $2 trillion over the next 10 years—if we never make another promise, if all we do is keep the promises we already made, if we never pass a new law or a new bill to do something else, simply by the force of the laws already on the books, debt grows to levels higher than we borrowed as a nation to defeat the Nazis in World War II. 
down in front of the White House. I had some friends in town. I took them down to see the White House. All Americans ought to make that journey. It is the center of the executive branch here in Washington, D.C. 
Office Building because that is a fabulous, fabulous building. On the front steps of the Old Executive Office Building, they have two cannons from the SpanishAmerican War, 1898, and they 
fence. In fact, they pushed you back a little further now with the new Secret Service regulations, but you can see the plaque hanging there on the fence. It says that we used to have more than 20 of these historic cannons around town, dating back to the Revolutionary War, but during World War II, we melted most of them down to be a part of the war effort. 
the situation was so dire, Mr. Speaker, we were going around to our national monuments, we were going around to our Nation’s history, and we were finding anything made of iron or steel, and we were melting it down. Because World War II wasn’t a fight; it was the fight for freedom on the planet. 
stamps across the land, folks standing in lines for food at the end of the Great Depression, amidst all of that turmoil, all of that crisis, arguably the greatest crisis not just this Nation has known but that the world has ever known, America borrowed about 100 percent of the size of its economy. That is a heavy load, but it was for an important cause. 
have borrowed about threequarters of that same load. And if we change no law and if we make no new promises, we will borrow not one time, not two times, not three times, but four times more than we borrowed to defeat the greatest evil the world has ever known, just to keep the lights on in the United States of America. That is dangerous and it is irresponsible. 
budget coming to the floor of this House. It is going to be here. I would guess it is going to be here on the floor by the end of March, because certainly we will have it here by April. It is going to be a budget that brings us back to balance, and it is going to be a budget that makes the hard decisions that have to be made. 
America. What they are saying is don’t let growing interest payments on irresponsible borrowing push out the room in the budget to invest in America. Do you know we are investing less in America today, Mr. Speaker, than any other time in my lifetime? We are investing less. Now, we are spending more, but we are investing less because, as I showed you on that pie chart earlier, Mr. Speaker, what we are spending on isn’t investments in America. It is income maintenance programs. 
and debt grows out of control. 2046, Mr. Speaker, about the time you are entering your retirement, dead at 250 percent of GDP. 
at the lowest rate of interest the country has ever known, and today, in that most favorable of environments, Mr. 
Speaker, we are almost spending more on interest than we are on our Medicaid program, the health care program that covers children and the poor across this land. We are spending more to pay our creditors than we are to protect our children’s health—and that is at the lowest rates of interest the country has ever known. 
It only grows, and that is if the only 
thing that changes are the interest rates, Mr. Speaker. That is if we stop borrowing more money. But the President projects to borrow half trillion after half trillion after half trillion after half trillion. In fact, as I said, the budget he presented never ever, ever comes to balance. It borrows year after year after year after year, as far as the eye can see. 
easier decision to make today, Mr. Speaker. It is. Doing nothing is always easier than doing the heavy lifting. Spending and borrowing more, always easier than tightening your belt and making the tough calls. Sacrificing our children’s future so that we don’t have to make those tough decisions today, that may be the easy call, but it is immoral. It is immoral, Mr. Speaker. 
the gentleman from Indiana said, 4 years in a row for the first time, for the first time in my lifetime. We are moving the needle, but there is more to do. And it can’t be done alone. It can’t be done with just Republicans, it can’t be done with just Democrats, and it can’t be done with just the Congress. It requires the House Republicans and Democrats, it requires the Senate Republicans and Democrats, and it requires the President of the United States to come together to make those decisions that matter. 
more about this in the coming weeks. I want to make sure that every American has all the answers they need about how we are trying to prioritize in this budget. 
But I want to be clear: the days of 
kicking the can down the road ended when Republicans took over this Chamber in 2011. The trust and confidence that we have earned in a bipartisan way over the last 4 years, we are going to continue today, and Senate willing—going back to the obstructionist provisions I noted at the very beginning of this hour, Mr. Speaker— Senate willing, we will conference the first budget, agree on the first budget, have the first American budget in my entire tenure in Congress. 
This year, we have an opportunity to have the Congress do its job collectively, and I look forward to that conclusion. 
to you for being down here with me this afternoon, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Rules for the Committee on Ethics to be submitted to the Congressional Record. 
House of Representatives. Consistent with the duty to carry out its advisory and enforcement responsibilities in an impartial manner, the Committee is the only standing committee of the House of Representatives the membership of which is divided evenly by party. These rules are intended to provide a fair procedural framework for the conduct of the Committee’s activities and to help ensure that the Committee serves well the people of the United States, the House of Representatives, and the Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives. 
modified, amended, or repealed by a vote of a majority of the Committee. 
the Committee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt any special procedures, not inconsistent with these rules, deemed necessary to resolve a particular matter before it. Copies of such special procedures shall be furnished to all parties in the matter. 
investigative subcommittee into allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘Investigation’’ mean review of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives that is conducted or authorized by the Committee, an investigative subcommittee, or the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
Committee from the Board pursuant to House Rules and all applicable House Resolutions regarding the conduct of a House Member, officer, or employee, including any accompanying findings or other supporting documentation. 
means a formal charging document filed by an investigative subcommittee with the Committee containing specific allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives of a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities. 
hearing to determine what sanction, if any, to adopt or to recommend to the House of Representatives. 
or employee of the House of Representatives who is the subject of a complaint filed with the Committee or who is the subject of an inquiry or a Statement of Alleged Violation. 
or a Delegate to, or the Resident Commissioner to, the U.S. House of Representatives. 
shall handle inquiries; prepare written opinions providing specific advice, including reviews of requests for privatelysponsored travel pursuant to the Committee’s travel regulations; develop general guidance; and organize seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representatives. 
the House of Representatives may request a written opinion with respect to the propriety of any current or proposed conduct of such Member, officer, or employee. 
provide information and guidance regarding laws, rules, regulations, and other standards of conduct applicable to Members, officers, and employees in the performance of their duties or the discharge of their responsibilities. 
a written opinion to an individual only in response to a written request, and the written opinion shall address the conduct only of the inquiring individual, or of persons for whom the inquiring individual is responsible as employing authority. 
be addressed to the Chair of the Committee and shall include a complete and accurate statement of the relevant facts. A request shall be signed by the requester or the requester’s authorized representative or employing authority. A representative shall disclose to the Committee the identity of the principal on whose behalf advice is being sought. 
shall be treated like any other request for a written opinion for purposes of paragraphs 
Regulations shall govern the request submission and Committee approval process for privatelysponsored travel consistent with House Rules. 
shall prepare for the Committee a response to each written request for an opinion from a Member, officer, or employee. Each response shall discuss all applicable laws, rules, regulations, or other standards. 
any request for advice from a Member, officer, or employee, as well as any response thereto. Upon request of any Member, officer, or employee who has submitted a written request for an opinion or submitted a request for privatelysponsored travel, the Committee may release to the requesting individual a copy of their own written request for advice or submitted travel forms, any subsequent written communications between such individual and Committee staff regarding the request, and any Committee advisory opinion or travel letter issued to that individual in response. The Committee shall not release any internal Committee staff work product, communications, or notes in response to such a request, except as authorized by the Committee. 
action in regard to any conduct that has been undertaken in reliance on a written opinion if the conduct conforms to the specific facts addressed in the opinion. 
clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule), or for any other waiver or approval, shall be treated in all respects like any other request for a written opinion. 
5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule) shall specify the nature of the waiver being sought and the specific circumstances justifying the waiver. 
limits applicable to travel paid for by a private source shall include with the request evidence that the employing authority is aware of the request. In any other instance where proposed employee conduct may reflect on the performance of official duties, the Committee may require that the requester submit evidence that the employing authority knows of the conduct. 
Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Committee shall coordinate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives, Legislative Resource Center, to assure that appropriate individuals are notified of their obligation to file reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and that such individuals are provided in a timely fashion with filing instructions and forms developed by the Committee. 
the Legislative Resource Center to assure that information that the Ethics in Government Act requires to be placed on the public record is made public. 
individual, the last day of the filing extension period, is required by such Act to pay a late filing fee of $200. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve requests that the fee be waived based on extraordinary circumstances. 
to the Legislative Resource Center for placement on the public record. 
counsel who shall review reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and, based upon information contained therein, indicate in a form and manner prescribed by the Committee whether the Statement appears substantially accurate and complete and the filer appears to be in compliance with applicable laws and rules. 
Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall be reviewed within 60 days after the date of filing. 
public record in the same manner as other reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act. The individual designated by the Committee to review the original report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall review any amendment thereto. 
a majority of its members, that there is reason to believe that an individual has willfully failed to file a report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act or has willfully falsified or willfully failed to file information required to be reported, then the Committee shall refer the name of the individual, together with the 
meetings of the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member may place additional items on the agenda. 
subcommittee shall occur in executive session unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, opens the meeting to the public. 
subcommittee or any sanction hearing held by the Committee shall be open to the public unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, closes the hearing to the public. 
Committee or subcommittee meeting shall be provided at least seven days in advance of the meeting. The Chair of the Committee or subcommittee may waive such time period for good cause. 
member of the staff shall perform all official duties in a nonpartisan manner. 
any partisan political activity directly affecting any congressional or presidential election. 
an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. Such vote shall occur at the first meeting of the membership of the Committee during each Congress and as necessary during the Congress. 
necessary to retain staff members for the purpose of a particular investigation or other proceeding, then such staff shall be retained only for the duration of that particular investigation or proceeding. 
to the end of a contract between the Committee and such counsel only by a majority vote of the members of the Committee. 
for by law, rule, or other authority, with respect to the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member each may appoint one 
‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose, to any person or entity outside the Committee on Ethics, any information received in the course of my service with the Committee, except as authorized by the Committee or in accordance with its rules.’’ 
Copies of the executed oath shall be provided to the Clerk of the House as part of the records of the House. Breaches of confidentiality shall be investigated by the Committee and appropriate action shall be taken. 
disclose any evidence relating to an investigation to any person or organization outside the Committee unless authorized by the Committee. 
Committee shall not disclose to any person or organization outside the Committee any information concerning the conduct of a respondent until it has transmitted a Statement of Alleged Violation to such respondent and the respondent has been given full opportunity to respond pursuant to Rule 22. The Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be made public at the first meeting or hearing on the matter that is open to the public after such opportunity has been provided. Any other materials in the possession of the Committee regarding such statement may be made public as authorized by the Committee to the extent consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. If no public hearing is held on the matter, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be included in the Committee’s final report on the matter to the House of Representatives. 
of the Committee, only the Chair or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, after consultation with each other, may make public statements regarding matters before the Committee or any subcommittee. 
these Rules, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may consult with an investigative subcommittee either on their own initiative or on the initiative of the subcommittee, shall have access to evidence and information before a subcommittee with whom they so consult, and shall not thereby be precluded from serving as full, voting members of any adjudicatory subcommittee. Except for the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee pursuant to this paragraph, evidence in the possession of an investigative subcommittee shall not be disclosed to other Committee members except by a vote of the subcommittee. 
noninvestigative and nonadjudicatory subcommittees and may assign to them such 
functions as it may deem appropriate. The membership of each subcommittee shall provide equal representation for the majority and minority parties. 
with any noninvestigative or nonadjudicatory subcommittee, but only regular members of such subcommittee may vote on any matter before that subcommittee. 
investigative subcommittee to take testimony and to receive evidence shall be two members, unless otherwise authorized by the House of Representatives. 
this rule, a quorum for the purpose of conducting business consists of a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee. 
disqualification from participating in any investigation of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives upon the submission in writing and under oath of an affidavit of disqualification stating that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. If the Committee approves and accepts such affidavit of disqualification, the Chair shall so notify the Speaker and ask the Speaker to designate a Member of the House of Representatives from the same political party as the disqualified member of the Committee to act as a member of the Committee in any Committee proceeding relating to such investigation. 
only upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate: 
Alleged Violation has been proved by clear and convincing evidence. 
may be taken by the Committee or any subcommittee thereof by a simple majority, a quorum being present. 
pursuant to these rules shall be filed with the Committee at the Committee’s office or such other place as designated by the Committee. 
have been delivered to the Archivist of the United States shall be made available to the public in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
operating from fixed positions, shall be permitted in a hearing or meeting room. The Committee may allocate the positions of permitted television cameras among the television media in consultation with the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
not to obstruct in any way the space between any witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the Committee, or the visibility of that witness and that member to each other. 
in positions that unnecessarily obstruct the coverage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. 
resolution, authorizes or directs the Committee to undertake an inquiry or investigation, the provisions of the resolution, in conjunction with these Rules, shall govern. To 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee may exercise its investigative authority when: 
Member of the House of Representatives is transmitted directly to the Committee; 
an individual not a Member of the House is transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee; 
filing the complaint (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘complainant’’); 
the Code of Official Conduct or of other law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities; and 
complainant that relate to the allegations may be submitted with the complaint. 
Member of the House of Representatives may be transmitted directly to the Committee. 
an individual not a Member of the House may be transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee. 
certification, which may be unsworn, that the complainant has provided an exact copy of the filed complaint and all attachments to the respondent. 
complaint against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives when the complaint alleges conduct that the Committee has reason to believe is being reviewed by appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authorities, or when the Committee determines that it is appropriate for the conduct alleged in the complaint to be 
shall return to the complainant, any complaint submitted within the 60 days prior to an election in which the subject of the complaint is a candidate. 
complaint, nor shall any investigation be undertaken by the Committee, of any alleged violation which occurred before the third previous Congress unless the Committee determines that the alleged violation is directly related to an alleged violation which occurred in a more recent Congress. 
dispose of the complaint, or any portion thereof, in any manner that does not require action by the House, which may include dismissal of the complaint or resolution of the complaint by a letter to the Member, officer, or employee of the House against whom the complaint is made; 
Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee meets the requirements of the Committee rules for what constitutes a complaint, and the complaint is not disposed of within 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, and no additional 45day extension is made, then they shall establish an investigative subcommittee and forward the complaint, or any portion thereof, to that subcommittee for its consideration. If at any time during the time period either the Chair or Ranking Minority Member places on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee, then an investigative subcommittee may be established only by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members 
House and Committee Rules, a copy of the complaint and the Committee Rules shall be forwarded to the respondent within 5 days with notice that the complaint conforms to the applicable rules. 
the Committee’s notification, provide to the Committee any information relevant to a complaint filed with the Committee. The respondent may submit a written statement in response to the complaint. Such a statement shall be signed by the respondent. If the statement is prepared by counsel for the respondent, the respondent shall sign a representation that the respondent has reviewed the response and agrees with the factual assertions contained therein. 
writing regarding the Committee’s decision either to dismiss the complaint or to create an investigative subcommittee. 
RULE 17A . REFERRALS FROM THE BOARD OF THE  
Committee makes public any report and findings of the Board the Chair shall notify in writing the Board and the Member, officer, or employee who is the subject of the referral of the impending public release of these documents. At the same time, the Chair shall transmit a copy of any public statement on the Committee’s disposition of the matter and any accompanying Committee report to the individual who is the subject of the referral. 
findings of the Board that are required to be made public under this Rule shall be posted on the Committee’s website. 
such decision or vote that the matter referred from the Board has been extended; and 
does not conclude its review within one year after the Board’s referral, then the Committee shall make public the report of the Board no later than one year after the referral. If the investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review before the end of the Congress in which the report of the Board is made public, the Committee shall make public any findings of the Board on the last day of that Congress. 
statement that it is deferring taking action on the matter at the request of such law enforcement or regulatory authority within one day (excluding weekends and public holidays) of the day that the Committee agrees to the request. 
shall return to the Board, any referral from the Board within 60 days before a Federal, State, or local election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. 
complaint, the Committee may consider any information in its possession indicating that a Member, officer, or employee may have committed a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or any law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, officer, or employee in the performance of the duties or the discharge of the responsibilities of such individual. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may jointly gather additional information concerning such an alleged violation by a Member, officer, or employee unless and until an investigative subcommittee has been established. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may also jointly take appropriate action consistent with Committee Rules to resolve the matter. 
investigative subcommittee, the Committee shall proceed in accordance with Rule 19. 
investigative subcommittee with regard to any felony conviction of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives in a Federal, State, or local court who has been sentenced. Notwithstanding this provision, the Committee has the discretion to initiate an inquiry upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee at any time prior to conviction or 
of the House is indicted or otherwise formally charged with criminal conduct in any Federal, State, or local court, the Committee shall either initiate an inquiry upon a majority vote of the members of the Committee or submit a report to the House describing its reasons for not initiating an inquiry and describing the actions, if any, that the Committee has taken in response to the allegations. 
testimony, shall be conducted in executive session and all testimony taken by deposition or things produced pursuant to subpoena or otherwise shall be deemed to have been taken or produced in executive session. 
of its members, may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of 
records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, and other items as it deems necessary to the conduct of the inquiry. Unless the Committee otherwise provides, the subpoena power shall rest in the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee and a subpoena shall be issued upon the request of the investigative subcommittee. 
testimony be given under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or subcommittee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. 
presiding member at any investigative subcommittee proceeding shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any rulings to the members present at that proceeding. A majority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such appeal shall govern the question of admissibility, and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. 
majority vote to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. 
of the subcommittee members, and an affirmative vote of a majority of the full Committee, an investigative subcommittee may expand the scope of its inquiry. 
staff shall draft for the investigative subcommittee a report that shall contain a comprehensive summary of the information received regarding the alleged violations. 
official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities by a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives has occurred. If more than one violation is alleged, such Statement shall be divided into separate counts. Each count shall relate to a separate violation, shall contain a plain and concise statement of the alleged facts of such violation, and shall include a reference to the provision of the Code of Official Conduct or law, rule, regulation, or other applicable standard of conduct governingthe performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities alleged to have been violated. A copy of such Statement shall be transmitted to the respondent and the respondent’s counsel. 
not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation, it shall transmit to the Committee a report 
containing a summary of the information received in the inquiry, its conclusions and reasons therefore, and any appropriate recommendation. 
for transmittal to the Committee, a final draft of which shall be provided to the respondent not less than 15 alendar days before the subcommittee votes on whether to adopt the report; 
writing regarding the final draft to the subcommittee within 7 calendar days of receipt of that draft; 
not less than 72 hours to review any report transmitted to the Committee by an investigative subcommittee before both the commencement of a sanction hearing and the Committee vote on whether to adopt the report. 
transmittal of a Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent shall file with the investigative subcommittee an answer, in writing and under oath, signed by respondent and respondent’s counsel. Failure to file an answer within the time prescribed shall be considered by the Committee as a denial of each count. 
to or denial of each count set forth in the Statement of Alleged Violation and may include negative, affirmative, or alternative defenses and any supporting evidence or other relevant information. 
Bill of Particulars within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation. If a Motion for a Bill of Particulars is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to such motion. 
Dismiss within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation or, if a Motion for a Bill of Particulars has been filed, within 10 days of the date of the subcommittee’s reply to the Motion for a Bill of Particulars. If a Motion to Dismiss is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to the Motion to Dismiss, unless the respondent previously filed a Motion for a Bill of Particulars, in which case the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 10 days after the subcommittee has replied to the Motion to Dismiss. The investigative subcommittee shall rule upon any motion to dismiss filed during the period between the establishment of the subcommittee and the subcommittee’s transmittal of a report or Statement of Alleged Violation to the Committee or to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at the conclusion of an inquiry, and no appeal of the subcommittee’s ruling shall lie to the Committee. 
the grounds that the Statement of Alleged Violation fails to state facts that constitute a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or other applicable law, rule, regulation, or standard of conduct, or on the grounds that the Committee lacks jurisdiction to consider the allegations contained in the Statement. 
present an adequate defense is not adversely affected and special circumstances so require, the Chair of the investigative subcommittee may direct the respondent to file an answer or motion prior to the day prescribed above. 
reply, or other pleading must be filed falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, such filing shall be made on the first business day thereafter. 
has been filed or the time for such filing has expired, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading connected therewith shall be transmitted by the Chair of the investigative subcommittee to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
hold a hearing to determine whether any counts in the Statement of Alleged Violation have been proved by clear and convincing evidence and shall make findings of fact, except where such violations have been admitted by respondent. 
in writing, notify the respondent that the respondent and respondent’s counsel have the right to inspect, review, copy, or photograph books, papers, documents, photographs, or other tangible objects that committee counsel intends to use as evidence against the respondent in an adjudicatory hearing. The respondent shall be given access to such evidence, and shall be provided the names of witnesses committee counsel intends to call, and a summary of their expected testimony, no less than 15 calendar days prior to any such hearing. Except in extraordinary circumstances, no evidence may be introduced or witness called in an adjudicatory hearing unless the respondent has been afforded a prior opportunity to review such evidence or has been provided the name of the witness. 
examination at an adjudicatory hearing, the Committee, at the request of the respondent, shall make available to the respondent any statement of the witness in the possession of the Committee which relates to the subject matter as to which the witness has testified. 
documentary evidence in the possession of the Committee which is material to the respondent’s defense shall, upon request, be made available to the respondent. 
the respondent or counsel shall provide the adjudicatory subcommittee with the names of witnesses expected to be called, summaries of their expected testimony, and copies of any documents or other evidence proposed to be introduced. 
the subcommittee for the issuance of subpoenas for the appearance of witnesses or the production of evidence. The application shall be granted upon a showing by the respondent that the proposed testimony or evidence is 
relevant and not otherwise available to respondent. The application may be denied if not made at a reasonable time or if the testimony or evidence would be merely cumulative. 
days after the Chair of the Committee designates members to serve on an adjudicatory subcommittee, whichever is later, the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee shall establish a schedule and procedure for the hearing and for prehearing matters. The procedures may be changed either by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee or a by a majority vote of the members of the subcommittee. If the Chair makes prehearing rulings upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, the Chair shall make available those rulings to all subcommittee members at the time of the ruling. 
presiding member at an adjudicatory subcommittee hearing shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any ruling to the members present at that proceeding. A majority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such an appeal shall govern the question of admissibility and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. 
Chair or other presiding member to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. 
relevant evidence shall be received in the following order whenever possible: 
hearing shall be served sufficiently in advance of that witness’ scheduled appearance to allow the witness a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee, to prepare for the hearing and to employ counsel. 
taken under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or Committee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. 
of proof rests on Committee counsel to establish the facts alleged in the Statement of Alleged Violation by clear and convincing evidence. However, Committee counsel need not present any evidence regarding any count that is admitted by the respondent or any fact stipulated. Committee counsel or respondent’s counsel may move the adjudicatory subcommittee to make a finding that there is no material fact at issue. If the adjudicatory subcommittee finds that there is no material fact at issue, the burden of proof will be deemed satisfied. 
RULE 24 . SANCTION HEARING AND CONSIDER ATION OF SANCTIONS OR OTHER RECOMMENDA TIONS  
Violation is proved, the Committee shall prepare a report to the House of Representatives, based upon the report of the adjudicatory subcommittee. 
the recommendation that the House of Representatives take action, a motion to reconsider that vote may be made only by a member who voted against the recommendation. The Committee may also, by majority vote, adopt a motion to issue a Letter of Reproval or take other appropriate Committee action. 
of Reproval constitutes sufficient action, the Committee shall include any such letter as a part of its report to the House of Representatives. 
against a Member of the House of Representatives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanctions: 
power, privilege, or immunity of the Member if under the Constitution the House of Representatives may impose such denial or limitation. 
against an officer or employee of the House of Representatives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanctions: 
Committee may recommend, reprimand is appropriate for serious violations, censure is appropriate for more serious violations, and expulsion of a Member or dismissal of an officer or employee is appropriate for the most serious violations. A recommendation of a fine is appropriate in a case in which it is likely that the violation was committed to secure a personal financial benefit; and a recommendation of a denial or limitation of a right, power, privilege, or immunity of a Member is appropriate when the violation bears upon the exercise or holding of such right, power, privilege, or immunity. This clause sets forth general guidelines and does not limit the authority of the Committee to recommend other sanctions. 
appropriate statement of the evidence supporting the Committee’s findings and a statement of the Committee’s reasons for the recommended sanction. 
right to be represented by counsel, to be provided at the respondent’s own expense. 
procedural rights or steps in the disciplinary process. A request for waiver must be in writing, signed by the respondent, and must detail what procedural steps the respondent seeks to waive. Any such request shall be subject to the acceptance of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate. 
scheduled vote by an investigative subcommittee on a Statement of Alleged Violation, the subcommittee shall provide the respondent with a copy of the Statement of Alleged Violation it intends to adopt together with all evidence it intends to use to prove those charges which it intends to adopt, including documentary evidence, witness testimony, memoranda of witness interviews, and physical evidence, unless the subcommittee by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members decides to withhold certain evidence in order to protect a witness, but if such evidence is withheld, the subcommittee shall inform the respondent that evidence is being withheld and of the count to which such evidence relates. 
Violation is made public by the Committee if the respondent has waived the adjudicatory hearing; or 
its first subpoena or to take testimony under oath, whichever occurs first; and 
requests otherwise, shall be in writing and signed by the respondent and the respondent’s counsel, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, and outside counsel, if any. 
shall be furnished a printed copy of the Committee’s Rules of Procedure and the provisions of the Rules of the House of Representatives applicable to the rights of witnesses. 
their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitutional rights. The Chair may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of professional responsibility on the part of counsel, by censure and exclusion from the hearings; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House of Representatives for contempt. 
testimony or other evidence shall be provided the same per diem rate as established, authorized, and regulated by the Committee on House Administration for Members, officers and employees of the House, and, as the Chair considers appropriate, actual expenses of travel to or from the place of examination. No compensation shall be authorized for attorney’s fees or for a witness’ lost earnings. Such per diem may not be paid if a witness had been summoned at the place of examination. 
witness, upon request, may be provided with a transcript of the witness’ own deposition or other testimony taken in executive session, or, with the approval of the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, may be permitted to examine such transcript in the office of the Committee. Any such request shall be in writing and shall include a statement that the witness, and counsel, agree to maintain the confidentiality of all executive session proceedings covered by such transcript. 
complaint is deemed frivolous by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, the Committee may take such action as it, by an affirmative vote of a majority deems appropriate in the circumstances. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives may be made by an affirmative vote of twothirds of the members of the Committee. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, February 17, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Ms. L ORET TASANCHEZ of California, Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. M URPHY  
H.R. 962. A bill to jumpstart economic recovery through the formation and growth of new businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Science, Space, and Technology, Appropriations, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. T AKAI): 
applicable to locatable minerals on public domain lands, consistent with the principles of selfinitiation of mining claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 964. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an abovethe line deduction for child care expenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 965. A bill to require the issuance of 
guidance on the application of the Federal policy for the protection of human subjects with respect to clinical data registries; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 to award grants to prepare individuals for the 21st century workplace and to increase America’s global competitiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
TONKO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. 
from entering into a free trade agreement or investment treaty with a foreign country or countries if the agreement or treaty includes investorstate dispute settlement provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 968. A bill to make the acquisition, installation, and maintenance of security cameras, safety lighting, and building locking mechanisms in public housing an eligible activity under community development block grant program; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
RANGEL , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. C RAMER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. M ASSIE , 
New Mexico, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. C OOK, Mr. A MODEI , Ms. 
Mr. N UGENT , Mr. F ORBES , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. E STY, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
of Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
Mexico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. A USTIN  
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. L ATTA , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. R EED, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. BARLETTA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S EAN 
HIGGINS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Ms. M ENG, 
GABBARD , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S IMPSON, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
Alabama, Mr. H ARDY , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W EBSTER of 
H.R. 969. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 970. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Education from engaging in regulatory overreach with regard to institutional eligibility under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 971. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize a 6 month extension of certain exclusivity periods in the case of approved drugs that are subsequently approved for a new indication to prevent, diagnose, or treat a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 972. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by requiring a Federal emission permit for the sale or use of covered substances and to return funds to the American people; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. C LARK of 
JOYCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T ED 
GARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. 
BURGESS ): H.R. 973. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 974. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to promulgate regulations to allow the use of handpropelled vessels on certain rivers and streams that flow in and through certain Federal lands in Yellowstone National Park, Grand Teton National Park, the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 975. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the transfer of required minimum distributions from a retirement plan to a health savings account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
COLE, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
H.R. 976. A bill to repeal changes made by 
health care reform laws to the Medicare exception to the prohibition on certain physician referrals for hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
TONKO , Mr. T URNER , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hospitals for the costs of such programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 978. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to increase and adjust for inflation the maximum value of articles that may be imported dutyfree by one person on one day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
NUNES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. I SSA, 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H UNTER , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. M IMI 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. B ERA, Mr. R OYCE , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S HERMAN , 
ESHOO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OOK, Ms. 
BASS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. P ELOSI , and Mr. 
H.R. 979. A bill to designate a mountain in 
the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. L OBIONDO ): 
H.R. 980. A bill to provide for the establishment of nationally uniform and environmentally sound standards governing discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Mr. ROGERSof Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to improve the Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper fishery by providing flexibility for fishing managers and stability for fisherman, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 982. A bill to ensure that any authority of the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund to borrow amounts from the Treasury is used only to pay mortgage insurance claims; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 983. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to minimum levels of financial responsibility for the transportation of property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CUELLAR , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. R EED, Mr. W ALDEN , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
LONG, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. F LORES , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M OONEY of 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. K LINE, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
Nevada, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OGERS of 
Georgia, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H UIZENGA  
H.R. 986. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 987. A bill to repeal the wage rate requirements commonly known as the Davis Bacon Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Justice Act of 2009; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Credit Union Administration authority to improve credit union safety and soundness; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. L ANCE , 
H.R. 990. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the exclusion for transportation benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 991. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to recognize the dependent children of members of the Armed Forces who are serving on active duty or who have served on active duty through the presentation of an official lapel button; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 992. A bill to waive the application fee 
for veterans with a serviceconnected disability rated at 50 percent or more who apply to participate in the Transportation Security Administration’s Pre H.R. 992 IH includes the term ‘‘Pre ✔
been hand edited to include this term. If the check mark and trademark symbol can’t be duplicated in the Congressional Record, please use the term ‘‘PreCheck.’’ program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period 
to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico (for herself, Ms. TSONGAS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. B EN 
H.R. 993. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to repeal the limitation on the number of veterans authorized to be enrolled in programs of independent living services and assistance administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. 
Mexico, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. P EARCE ): 
H.R. 994. A bill to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to improve compensation for workers involved in uranium mining, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. BOUSTANY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
H.R. 995. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to encourage the nationwide observance of two minutes of silence each Veterans Day; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
California, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. H AHN, Mr. C LAY, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. B EATTY , 
H.R. 996. A bill to designate certain National Forest System lands and certain public lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological connecting corridors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 997. A bill to declare English as the official language of the United States, to establish a uniform English language rule for naturalization, and to avoid misconstructions of the English language texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Congress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the United States and to establish a uniform rule of naturalization under article I, section 8, of the Constitution; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, and Mr. M CCAUL): 
under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish preclearance facilities, 
customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PETERSON , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. O LSON , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. 
Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Commission for recreational offhighway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such requirements until the completion of the study; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
SIRES, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILSON of 
Full Employment Trust Fund to create employment opportunities for the unemployed; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
JONES , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
H.R. 1001. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to terminate certain energy tax subsidies and lower the corporate income tax rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
H.R. 1002. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for 2 years the exclusion from gross income of discharges of qualified principal residence indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. P OMPEO , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
Labor Relations Act to permit employers to pay higher wages to their employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1004. A bill to reauthorize the Enhancing Education Through Technology Act of 2001; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Ms. NORTON , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1005. A bill to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to train individuals for employment in the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
Health Service Act to help build a stronger health care workforce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
H.R. 1007. A bill to authorize appropriations for the SelectUSA Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLI TANO , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. C LAY): 
Import Bank of the United States to use 3 percent of its profits for administrative expenses; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
Emergency Management Agency to award mitigation financial assistance in certain areas affected by wildfires; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1010. A bill to provide for the posthumous commission as a captain in the regular Army of Milton Holland, who, while sergeant major of the 5th Regiment, United States Colored Infantry, was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Civil War; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1011. A bill to require the disclosure of 
determinations with respect to which Congressional staff will be required to obtain health insurance coverage through an Exchange; to the Committee on House Administration. 
the use of the United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States allowing the States to call a limited convention solely for the purposes of considering whether to propose a specific amendment to the Constitution; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Government of Iran to immediately release Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
goals and ideals of the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and 
in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that in order to continue aggressive growth in the Nation’s telecommunications and technology industries, the United States Government should ‘‘Get Out of the Way and Stay Out of the Way‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S PEIER , and 
for designation of the month of February 2015 as ‘‘National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month‘‘; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Texas, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEU 
ISRAEL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. L EE): 
cultural and historical significance of Lunar New Year; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. CROWLEY, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
goals and ideals of International Mother Language Day in bringing attention to the importance of preserving linguistic and cultural heritage through education; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. 
Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DDIE 
KEATING , Mr. K IND, Mr. K INGof New 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. M ENG, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
ALLARD , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
importance of vaccinations and immunizations in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
significance of the 68th anniversary of the signing of Executive Order 9066 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and supporting the goals of the Japanese American, German American, and Italian American communities in recognizing a National Day of Remembrance to increase public awareness of the events surrounding the restriction, exclusion, and incarceration of individuals and families during World War II; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 962. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 
H.R. 963. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 967. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power. . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 970. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 971. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Congress the authority to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Additionally, under Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 which gives Congress the power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. 
H.R. 972. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 973. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7, giving Congress the authority to control the expenditures of the federal government. 
H.R. 974. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
H.R. 975. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause I of the United 
States Constitution—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 976. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
H.R. 983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8,Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
H.R. 987. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
federal government uses to spend money on federal contracts, therefore, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spending power. 
H.R. 988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
H.R. 989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
H.R. 992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
And Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States that states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws necessary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. 
H.R. 1007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1010. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the United 
H.R. 1011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money 
H.J. Res. 33. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 34. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 143: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 167: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 232: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 247: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 270: Mr. H ILLand Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 303: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 313: Ms. E STY, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M AXINE  
ASHFORD , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. K INGof New 
BENISHEK , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 401: Mr. H ILL, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 456: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 532: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 556: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 592: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. 
H.R. 594: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 601: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
H.R. 647: Mr. R USHand Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 648: Mr. R USH, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
H.R. 662: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C URBELO of 
H.R. 703: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 711: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R ICHMOND , 
H.R. 721: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S CHOCK , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 729: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 732: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 751: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 785: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia and Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 793: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 816: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 823: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 845: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T HOMPSON  
H.R. 846: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. W ELCH , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 861: Mr. B ERA, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FOSTER , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
SABLAN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and 
H.R. 863: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 868: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C RAMER , and 
H.R. 880: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 903: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 923: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 927: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 932: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. 
H.R. 961: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H. Res. 14: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. Y OHO. 
H. Res. 28: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Res. 92: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. M CNERNEY. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H. Res. 108: Mr. W ALDEN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. F ARR, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. B UCK, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
REED, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and 
pay tribute to one of our nation’s gifted veterans, Commander Paul S. Anderson, Chaplain in the United States Navy. Commander Anderson has enjoyed a long and illustrious career as a Chaplain in the United States Navy. For twentyfive years he served as pastor, counselor and mentor to the thousands men and women of the Navy and the Marine Corps providing them with moral and spiritual support. 
courage and commitment. He truly is a talented and gifted chaplain who has enjoyed amazing reach and impact to all who have benefitted from his ministry. 
On May 1, 2015 the Navy says farewell to 
one of its best and most dedicated chaplains as Commander Anderson will retire from active duty service. He leaves his watch with the confident assurance that serving in one of the most distinctive ministries in the world was God’s specific calling on his life. He has served his country with honor and distinction and today we honor him for his commitment and service. 
Chaplain Anderson concludes his Navy career path as the Deputy Chaplain for Joint Forces HeadquartersNational Capitol Region at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. His portfolio included Joint Plans and Operations for Religious Support for ceremonies and circumstances that might overwhelm the capacity of civil authorities. Prior to that assignment, he was the Chief of the Department of Pastoral Care and Clinical Ethicist at the Fort Belvoir Community Hospital in Fort Belvoir, Virginia. 
duty stations across the nation and around the world. They include: Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 133, Gulfport, MS ; USS MIDWAY (CV–41), Yokosuka, Japan; Chief of 
Naval Personnel Command, Washington, D.C.; Marine Corps Base, Okinawa, Japan; Naval District Washington, D.C.; USS MONTEREY (CG–61), Norfolk, VA; Boston University, Boston, MA; Southwest Asia Region, Manama, Bahrain; Maritime Helicopter Strike Wing, Mayport, FL; National Naval Military Medical Center; Bethesda, MD; Walter Reed Army Medical Center; Washington, D.C.; Fort Belvoir Community Hospital; Fort Belvoir, VA; Joint Forces HeadquartersNational Capital Region and Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, D.C. 
Terrorism Medal; Sea Service Ribbon and Overseas Service Ribbon. 
Chaplain Anderson has earned four graduate degrees; a Master of Divinity from Andrews University, a Master of Education in Counseling and Personnel Services from the University of Maryland and a Masters of Sacred Theology in Religion and Culture from Boston University. His Doctor of Ministry degree was conferred by Wesley Theological Seminary in Washington, D.C. He also holds certifications in Suicide Awareness and Prevention, Civil Mediation, Alternate Workplace Dispute Resolution, Temperament Analysis, Marriage Enrichment, Workforce Diversity and is a certified Life Coach. 
the following text: Psalms 37:4–5; Proverbs 3:5–6; John 14:1–3; Romans 8:28; Galatians 6:9; and 1 John 1:9. 
On behalf of a grateful nation we salute you 
Chaplain Anderson, and wish you fair winds and following seas as you enter retirement and embrace a new chapter in your life. 
to reintroduce legislation to put a price on harmful carbon emissions. 
warm, fuzzy idea championed by tree huggers. It is a growing crisis with global implications that environmentalists, business leaders, political leaders, and military strategists alike cannot ignore. Earlier this year, the White House included climate change among its ‘‘top strategic risks,’’ citing ‘‘increased natural disasters, refugee flows, and conflicts over basic resources like food and water.’’ Even the Pentagon has been sounding the alarm on climate change. 
In reintroducing this legislation, I call continued attention to an issue of which I have long been a champion. I first introduced legislation to impose a carbon tax in 2009, recognizing the scientific consensus and anticipating the growing call to action precipitated by the increasingly drastic weather events and their growing human, environmental and fiscal cost. 
Act of 2015, places a price on carbon emissions that would increase over time. The proceeds from this legislation go into a newlycreated Energy and Economic Security Trust Fund where 100 percent of the revenue goes back to the public to offset any price increases. This bill is good for the environment and good for business. 
need to act on climate change, I am pleased to see President Obama and the Environmental Protection Agency take bold actions to 
confront this growing threat. With our international partners moving forward, multinational and American businesses already accounting for future prices on carbon, and former Republican officials acknowledging the urgency of this growing threat, it is past time for Congressional Republicans to accept the science and work together with Democrats to combat climate change. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the Tucson Peace Center’s Peace Fair and Music Festival on its 33rd Anniversary next Saturday, February 28, 2015. 
organization for 150 of Tucson’s local peace, social justice, environmental, and labor groups. Regular Peace Fair participants include the Women’s International League of Peace and Freedom (WILPF, celebrating their 100th anniversary this year), Move to Amend, Veterans for Peace, the American Civil Liberties Union, AZ4NORML, Jobs With Justice, Nuclear Resister, Physicians for Social Responsibility, and Watershed Management Group among many others. Newly formed organizations like $15 Now, Arizonans for Gun Safety, Tucson United for Climate Action (TUCAN), and Friends of Rosa will also be on hand. 
The Peace Fair and Music Festival is an opportunity for residents to learn what is happening in their community while you catch up with old friends and make new ones. There are free activities for the kids like a labyrinth, facepainting, and a whimsy parade. The Culture of Peace Alliance will offer handson activities to entertain young fairgoers. 
Growing income inequality and stagnating workingclass wages place many friends and neighbors in precarious financial positions. As a community, we seek answers to the structural problems that exacerbate poverty. We also offer an opportunity to enrich our lives through meaningful engagement and reenvisioning what constitutes true wealth on a planet undergoing massive ecological changes. 
workers from the 150 local peace, social justice, environmental and labor groups who volunteer their time to make the Peace Fair and Music Festival happen every year. 
Congratulations and best wishes to the Tucson Peace Center’s Peace Fair and Music Festival as we join to celebrate its 33rd year of expanding peace in the Tucson community. 
again in opposition to the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act (S. 1). Despite no evidence suggesting that Congressional intervention is needed, this is the second time this Congress that the Republicans are bringing forward a bill to sidestep federal requirements and approve TransCanada’s application for the Keystone Pipeline. I oppose this legislation and support the ongoing federal review of the environmental, safety, and economic impacts of this application to determine if this pipeline is truly in our national interest. 
1,700 miles from the tar sands of Alberta, Canada across the U.S. to the Gulf of Mexico where it would be refined and exported to global markets. According to federal law, the State Department must complete an environmental review of all crossborder projects of this magnitude. The State Department requested comments on Keystone XL by February 2, 2015 from the Pentagon, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the Departments of Energy, Justice, Interior, Commerce, Transportation, and Homeland Security. The EPA released their public comments on this day stating that the recent trend of global decline in oil prices should be factored in on whether to approve Keystone XL pipeline. The State Department needs the time to thoroughly evaluate the EPA and other agencies’ comments. 
to negatively impact our economy. The Keystone XL pipeline would divert Canadian oil that now flows to refineries in Minnesota and the upper Midwest to the Gulf of Mexico. Diverting oil away from Minnesota could result in job losses at our refineries. Respected oil economist Philip Verleger wrote an oped published in the Star Tribune in March 2011 stating that in his expert opinion the oil diversion will diminish supply, resulting in an increase in the cost of oil and food for Minnesotans and the rest of the Midwest. In fact, he states the country as a whole would end up paying nearly $5 billion more for oil than we do today if the pipeline is built. Other economists have estimated that the pipeline will result in the creation of only 50 permanent jobs nationally. 
veto this legislation because S. 1 sidesteps the process for deciding whether a crossborder pipeline serves the national interest of the American people. I support the President’s decision to veto S. 1. The precedent of forgoing our national due diligence in order to benefit of a foreign company is irresponsible. The American people deserve an adequate review is conducted. Trading dubious economic benefits for potentially disastrous environmental consequences and higher costs for Minnesota families and small businesses is simply not a trade I am willing to make. 
me in opposing the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act and instead bring a bill to the House floor that works to strengthen the middle class. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
unable to vote yesterday because of a serious illness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #77—YEA. Roll Call #78—AYE. Roll Call #79—NAY. Roll Call #80—YEA. 
I rise to pay tribute to Dean Smith, one of North Carolina’s most admired and accomplished citizens, who passed away on February 7, 2015. Dean Smith will long be remembered for his successes as head coach of the men’s basketball team at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1961 until his retirement in 1997. The statistics are dazzling: two national championships, 11 Final Four appearances, 17 Atlantic Coast Conference regularseason titles and 13 ACC tournament titles, 8times ACC Coach of the Year, and Head Coach of the goldmedal winning USA Olympic Basketball team in 1976. He retired with 879 victories, which was the NCAA Division I men’s basketball record at that time. 
his longtime rival Coach Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University said, ‘‘He was one of a kind . . . one of the greatest basketball minds and a magnificent teacher and tactician.’’ The tributes that have come forth from his players uniformly praise his lifelong loyalty to them and his excellence as a mentor. ‘‘He was more than a coach,’’ recalled Michael Jordan, ‘‘He was my mentor, my teacher, my second father. Coach Smith was always there for me whenever I needed him and I loved him for it. In teaching me the game of basketball, he taught me about life.’’ 
good in the community, working actively and courageously for civil rights and equal justice throughout his life. I have known Dean since my student days at UNC, when he was an assistant coach and an active member of Binkley Baptist Church, a fledgling congregation focused on social justice. His sister, Joan Ewing, managed my district office for eight years, and his daughter Kristen was on my campaign staff. I was honored to join his family at the White House in 2013, when he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The intervening years mark an unparalleled career, a life welllived, and thousands of lives positively shaped and influenced. 
With Dean Smith it was not a matter of a 
celebrity endorsing worthwhile causes; Dean was there all along. Long before he was a national figure, in 1958, he accompanied an AfricanAmerican friend to a restaurant in Chapel Hill, thereby breaking down the barrier of segregation. Much later, when longtime Binkley Baptist pastor Robert Seymour told the story 
to Washington Post reporter John Feinstein, Coach Smith expressed some irritation: ‘‘I wish he hadn’t done that.’’ ‘‘Dean,’’ the reporter replied, ‘‘you should be proud of doing something like that.’’ Dean Smith looked him in the eye, ‘‘John, you should never be proud of doing the right thing. You should just do the right thing.’’ 
Dean Smith was about. Mr. Speaker, I have selected three complementary pieces to fill out this exceptional story, and I ask that they be included in the record. 
AllAmerica for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, remembered his former coach, Dean Smith, with a personal anecdote that had little to do with coaching or a game. He recalled that years after he left Smith’s program, he would send his financial records to Smith. 
the age of 83 after several years of declining health, did that for a lot of former players, famous and, more often than not, not famous. He found them jobs, called if a child was sick, counseled them through personal crises. 
was common in North Carolina, Smith and his minister and a young AfricanAmerican student walked into a Chapel Hill restaurant, sat down and ate dinner. Chapel Hill was thereafter integrated. He did, in effect, the same with the men’s basketball program, bringing in Charles Scott as the first black player. Today, Scott remembers that Smith always called him ‘‘Charles,’’ because that was his name and his preference, in contrast to the more sportsfriendly Charlie. 
to be the heinous wrong of the death penalty. He endorsed liberal politicians. He did not like criticism, but he did not fear it. 
the dignity of others and the obligation to share. He was a sportsman, a thinker, a theologian. 
And, yes, he was one of the greatest coaches in the history of sports, all sports. His records and his innovations (the fourcorners offense, the huddle at the foul line before shots) will be exhaustively documented in the next days, as the coach is widely mourned. 
But so many who played for him, and so 
many who never played for him or even met him, will remember first his humanity and his genuineness. 
For he was the most decent of men. It was 
bred in him at birth, as his parents taught him the value of all, and they lived those values themselves, pushing for integration of the races in Kansas when that was not a common much less a popular cause. Young Dean Smith learned well, and he, too, lived those values all his life. 
asked the question, ‘‘Coach, where did your views on life and values come from?’’ he would go back to Kansas and his parents, both public school teachers. In 1934, his father coached the Emporia High school team to a state championship, with the first black player ever in the Kansas state tournament. 
Though Smith held strong opinions, he understood that those who didn’t agree but 
he represented were due respect as well. It was the way he treated everyone, whether a big booster of the university’s athletics program during a golf game or a kid on a playground. Everyone got time, and everyone got a smile. 
His way, and his skills, he shared generously. Said one high school coach, exiting a Smithtaught clinic for coaches: ‘‘What that man knows . . .’’ 
Make no mistake. He was a ferocious competitor, and he hated to lose. But he won well. Oftcited in his obituaries was his reaction to his team’s victory in the 1982 national championship against Georgetown. It was an emotional, hardfought and close game. But when UNC won, Smith’s first move was to hug John Thompson, the Georgetown coach. Class, all the commentators said. 
coaches against whom Smith had competed got into trouble or needed help in finding another position, he would make the calls himself to other schools, and his blessing was gold. A seeming multitude of his former players became coaches themselves. 
and principals and successful people in work and in life. Dean Smith took great pleasure in that, primarily in their happiness. Always he would be ‘‘the coach.’’ Always he was first the man, and the friend. 
held in Atlanta and it coincided, as it occasionally does, with Easter, my family and I went to services at the Ebenezer Baptist Church—the new one, across the street from the imposing place in which both Reverend Martin Luther Kings once preached, and in which Alberta Williams King, the wife of Martin Sr. and the mother of Martin Jr., was shot to death while playing the organ in 1974. The old church, still majestic, is now a National Historic Site. After the services, we walked across the street and into the sanctuary. It was cool and dark. Very few people were there. 
As part of the experience of the site, recordings of sermons from both Reverend Kings are played in the sanctuary. Looking around, we saw a solitary figure sitting far in the back, his elbows on his knees and his hands folded. His eyes were closed. And he was listening to the recordings with great intensity. It was Dean Smith. I left him alone with his thoughts. He’d earned his private moments in this sacred space. 
three greatest coaches in the history of college basketball, we must deal with one aspect of Smith’s life that trumps all the championships, all the wins, all the losses, and all the great players who came his way. The fact is that, when this country was finally forced through blood and witness to confront the great moral crisis that grew out of its original sin, Smith was a winter soldier of the first rank. 
Kansas in the early 1930s. Smith himself walked into a Chapel Hill restaurant as part of the first great wave of protests in the 1950s. He tried to recruit Lou Hudson, and then he did recruit Charlie Scott, blowing up the color line in the Atlantic Coast Conference forever. He brought Scott home to dinner, and he brought Scott to church, always the most segregated place in America, even, alas, today. 
moral choices these were when Smith made them. It’s hard today to imagine how easy it would have been for him to make a different 
choice, to go along and get along. Smith would have been a great basketball coach if he’d gone along and gotten along. He might have won 879 games eventually, after other coaches had made the choices and changed the world. But he would not have been the man he was, and that makes all the difference today. 
Smith died on Saturday. He had been ill a 
long time with a form of dementia, and that is a fight in which I happen to have a particularly nasty dog. I know from my own family’s battles with this cruelest of all diseases, a disease that disappears the individual long before it kills the body, that the work of the kindest mercy is to become the memory that the person has lost. It is something atavistic in us, almost visceral, that awareness that the tribe needs to remember—and that the collective memory is always plural. We tell their stories, even to 
them, even while they are still alive, because we are their surviving memory, because the person already is lost. 
So that is the memory I have of Dean 
Smith. That, one Easter morning, I saw him in a sacred place and that the air in the place was cool and solemn and as thick with history as the morning sunbeams were thick with dust. He was deep in the shadows, eyes closed, lost in his thoughts, listening to the powerful words of preachers long and sadly dead. I left him alone there and walked back out into the sunlight. 
though, because that was the heart of his story, the thing that enabled the world to hear the rest of it. There is the undoubted excellence. There are the wins. And there is the incredible array of talent that ran through his North Carolina program. (In the World Tournament of Alumni, I’ll take a five of James Worthy, Brad Daugherty, Vince Carter, Michael Jordan, and, what the hell, George Karl and go play anyone, except maybe John Wooden’s boys from UCLA.) But one of the most remarkable things about it is that, except for two of the most monumental mistakes in the history of college basketball, Smith might have had the game’s most obviously unfinished career. He won his first national title in 1982, when Georgetown’s Fred Brown tossed the ball to Worthy as the Hoyas were after the last shot. He won his next one in 1993, when Michigan’s Chris Webber had the mother of all vapor locks in the same situation. What it would have been like to have Smith retire without a national championship I have no idea—especially not in the winordie way we measure excellence these days—but it would have certainly been one of the greatest statistical anomalies of all time. 
bench jockey. He rarely rose, but he chewed on officials with the best of them. (Wooden was very much the same, according to a lot of people who played against his teams.) In fact, Smith remains only the second head coach ever to be ejected from a Final Four game (Al McGuire was the first), when he was asked to absent himself from the Hoosier Dome late in a semifinal against Kansas in 1991. He was the most famous sneaksmoker prior to the arrival on the national scene of Barack Obama. 
Smith story. On March 28, 1977, which actually was a rainy night in Georgia, his Tar Heels were contending with McGuire’s last Marquette team for a national championship. The Warriors had led by 12 at halftime, but they had frittered away that lead and North Carolina had caught them and tied the game. These were the days before the shot clock, children, and Smith had devised the four corners offense, which was essentially a very elaborate game of keepaway. His point 
guard, Phil Ford, happened to be a master of it. With Marquette on the verge of collapse, Smith went into the stall, and he did so with star freshman forward Mike O’Koren on the bench. Astonished by Smith’s move, McGuire had his team lay back in a zone, which allowed his players to catch their breath. Finally, with O’Koren at the scorer’s table hoping desperately to get back in the game, a North Carolina sub named Bruce Buckley took the ball to the basket. Bo Ellis slapped the shot away, and you could feel the momentum shift back again like the works of a great iron clock. Marquette won. It was the best sports night of my life, and I sent Smith a Christmas card every year after for the next five years. Really, I did. 
He was very much an eccentric in his own 
way, and had his best days before the game was so homogenized and commercialized that the eccentricity was bled out of it. He coached at the same time as Bob Knight at Indiana, and Abe Lemons at Texas, and McGuire at Marquette. It was a game for poets then, not for the slick salesmen of the modern era. Some of them were beat poets, and some of them wrote epics. I always thought of Smith as one of those allAmerican craftsmenpoets—Longfellow, maybe, or Edgar Lee Masters. His lines were always perfectly metered. Lord, how his game always rhymed. 
As I grow older, I grow impatient with the 
impermanence of memory, with history now considered to be whatever came over your iPhone 15 minutes ago. It is inadequate to what we are. It truncates the collective memory, and that is never a good thing. We are each other’s stories, all of us. We keep other stories alive so we can be assured that ours will stay alive too. That is the most devastating thing that happens with the disease that took Smith’s life. If we’re not very careful, and if we don’t make sure to keep the memories we have that are lost to the person with the disease, it breaks that cycle of collective memory and we are all less for that. I learned that watching this disease invade my own family, and it is why I try so very hard to remember my father’s voice, even though it’s mainly lost to me now. 
wish—as a coach, as a teacher, as a reluctant celebrity, or as a friend. For me, I will remember him in the cool shadows of the sanctuary on a bright Easter morning, listening to the words of men long dead and gone. I remember him there now, for his sake and for my own. I remember him there in the small piece of a very sacred place that his life had earned. 
I would like to submit the following article in my remembrance of Dean Smith. 
screen for 30 minutes. And what I have finally decided I want you to know the most about Dean Smith is this: it’s true. 
In the next few hours and days, as the tributes to the legendary man pour in, you are going to hear all of the incredible stories again. Some you may hear for the first time. Some you may hear for the hundredth time. 
These stories are true, and you should remember all of them, because now it’s our job to pass them down. Don’t embellish them. They don’t need it. They are good enough with just the facts. 
hear former players talk about how Smith would tell them exactly what was going to happen in a game. He would tell them what the opponent would do, how the Tar Heels would react, and how the opponent would react to that reaction. Then it would happen, all of it, just as he described. 
These stories are true. We know this because we sat in Carmichael in 1974 when his team came back from eight points in 17 seconds against Duke with no threepoint line. I just told that story to my children on Saturday night when we drove home from the airport after returning from the win at Boston College. My nineyearold son was talking about a crazy NBA comeback he’d read about. 
came back from eight points down in 17 seconds with no threepoint line?’’ 
It is true. Those of us of a different generation than 
the Carmichael crowd were in the Smith Center when Smith’s simple act of calling a timeout so shook a top–20 opponent that they meekly crumbled. I will forever believe that’s what happened when Smith took a timeout after Henrik Rodl made a three pointer against Florida State with less than ten minutes left on the clock in 1993. Rodl’s threepointer had cut the FSU lead to 17 points. 17 points! 
that the Florida State players and coaches knew Smith thought a comeback was possible, or else he wouldn’t burn one of his precious timeouts. And if Smith thought a comeback was possible, then it was possible, and he’s done this before, you know, and uh oh, there went another turnover, and it’s getting kind of loud in here, and pretty soon Carolina had an 82–77 win. 
exactly how uncomfortable Smith was with celebrating any of them. I can report, with authority, that with much cajoling from his players, he once did the ‘‘raise the roof’’ gesture after his Tar Heels won the 1997 ACC Tournament championship, and then again after earning a spot in the Final Four. It was the mid–1990’s. Everyone made mistakes. 
looked flustered on the sideline looked completely awkward in victory. He would almost apologetically shake the other coach’s hand. If it happened to be an ACC or NCAA championship, he would try to disappear while the nets were being cut, so unwilling was he to climb the ladder and be the focal point of the fans and players. 
Most of the time, those of us in the stands 
would chant, ‘‘Dean! Dean! Dean!’’ when he was finally persuaded to cut the final snippet. It seems a little disrespectful now. But it was the 1980s and 1990s. All of us made mistakes. 
act like he didn’t hear us. With scissors in hand, before cutting the first strand, he would point to every manager, player and assistant coach he could find. 
those championships are completely insignificant. Funny thing about the people who most often say that: they are invariably the ones who knew him best, the ones who most understood his true character. ‘‘I can’t put his impact on me into words,’’ 
Phil Ford said of Smith. ‘‘I don’t know where I’d be without him in my life. He’s been such an influence on me, and a friend and a brother and a father figure . . . Before I chose North Carolina, I felt that Coach Smith would be there for me my entire life. I was right.’’ 
Smith would be there for him for his entire life, and 40 years later, he still believes it. Wouldn’t you like to have one person say that about you in your life? Dean Smith has—this is not an exaggeration—hundreds. 
Jordan once said of his career. ‘‘It never would have happened without Coach Smith.’’ 
These quotes mean a lot to us because they 
are from Phil Ford and Michael Jordan. But what Smith knew, and what he made every one of his players feel, is that the number of points they scored for him made absolutely no difference. My father and I had a joke in the mid–1990s. Carolina had a player named Pat Sullivan who was not at all flashy. At various times, he played on teams with George Lynch and Eric Montross and Rasheed Wallace and Jerry Stackhouse, much betterknown players who were prone to occasionally doing the spectacular. 
have had the most ferocious dunk of the season and Wallace could have thrown down an absurd alleyoop and Montross could have had a doubledouble and Lynch could have had the gamewinning steal. Then, in the car on the way home, we would turn on the Tar Heel Sports Network to hear Smith’s postgame comments and seemingly every time, they would start with, ‘‘Well, Pat had a good game,’’ because he had set a screen to free a teammate for an open shot that the teammate missed. 
Smith talked about it. At the time, we laughed, and yet 20 years later, we still remember it. 
This seems like the right time to point out 
that without ever really knowing he was doing it, Dean Smith gave all of us some of the best moments of our lives with the most important people in our lives. It doesn’t matter whether you attended every game in the Smith era or whether you watched every game on television. Because of the way Smith did it, and for how long he did it, we could relate through generations. 
We cried in the living room (I did that, 
after Louisville beat Carolina in 1986 in the NCAA Tournament) and we danced around that same living room (my dad and I did that, after Rick Fox hit the shot against Oklahoma in 1990) and we highfived in the stands. 
That’s what we did in 1993 in the Louisiana 
Superdome. My dad is an accountant and therefore spends most of March and April at the office. But when Carolina made the Final Four, he would find a way to get to the game. In 1993, he waited until the Tar Heels defeated Kansas in the national semifinals. He stayed at work two more days, then caught a flight with two connections from Raleigh to New Orleans. He slid into his seat minutes before the national championship game tipped off against Michigan, and so I can say that I watched Carolina win the national title with my dad. 
because that’s what everyone told us you were supposed to do, and so there we were— perhaps the two least Bourbon Streetish people in all of New Orleans, including one CPA with a pile of unfinished tax returns on his desk back in Raleigh—high fiving the Tar Heel players and taunting Dick Vitale (who had picked Michigan to win the game), and we did all of that because of Dean Smith. Without Dean Smith and Carolina basketball, I assume and hope we would have found something else to talk about and live together. But because of Dean Smith and Carolina basketball, I never have to know for sure if that’s true. The people we cheered and laughed with on all those incredible days are the people we cry with—if we’re lucky— today. I told my father the news this morning. Later, he texted me this: 
‘‘I am very, very sorry. It is really very 
sad. He was a large part of our family for many, many years and many, many fun times. We had a lot of good times and he was always there. It doesn’t seem possible to me. It seems like he and the good times ought to last forever.’’ 
And so that is why this news will be devastating to so many of us, because there are so many families who this morning will be texting and thinking those exact same words. We aren’t ready for it to end. 
About a year ago, I was at the Smith Center on a typical weekday afternoon. A customized van was parked in the first parking space outside the basketball office, and I knew. As I walked into the basketball office, Dean Smith came out, being pushed in a wheelchair, a Carolina hat on his head. 
It was awful, and it makes my eyes moisten even now to think about it. It was not at all the way I wanted to think about him. And I would like to admit something to you now: from then on, when I saw that van, I would sometimes take a different path into the building, because I wanted my Dean Smith to be the one I remembered. I wanted my Dean Smith to be the one who I mentioned my daughter’s name to on exactly one occasion, and six months later when passing me in the parking lot, he recalled it perfectly and asked how she was doing. 
to be everyone’s Dean Smith. I don’t want today’s students to think of him as old or sick. Understand this: this man could do anything. This man could coach and this man could help integrate a town or a league and this man changed the lives of hundreds of teenagers who played for him plus thousands of the rest of us who lived vicariously through their exploits. 
Carolina fans in 2015 don’t even remember the era when Smith was on the sideline. He’s as much a name on a building as a coach to current UNC students. It’s been hard enough living in a basketball world without Dean Smith in it. Now we have to consider living 
in an overall world without Dean Smith in it. 
I don’t want to be part of that world. And 
luckily, I don’t have to. On Monday, I will pack my son’s lunch, and I will write a Dean Smith quote on the napkin. I don’t know yet which one it will be, but I know that when I see him on Monday afternoon, I will ask him about it, and we will talk, and Dean Smith will be the one who enabled that to happen. 
keep happening, and we are the ones who get to do it. I guess that pretty soon I will feel lucky for having these experiences and getting the opportunity to cheer for him and learn from him and admire him. 
But right now I really think I want to sit 
named Person of the Year by the Feasterville Business Association. A certified financial planner, Ray Greenberg is recognized as one who continues to work for the betterment of the association and its members within the Feasterville Business Association he founded. A busy schedule has not deterred him from service to other local charitable and civic groups, such as the Southampton Free Library, where, as a trustee, he has led fundraising efforts for the Library’s Access campaign designed to help renovate the library and expand programming for adults and children. A 32nd degree Mason and past president of the Quaker Shriners Club, Ray Greenberg’s enthusiasm and spirit of volunteerism is widely recognized and I congratulate him on receipt of this honor, as well as his continued commitment to the economic success of the community and its residents. In so doing, Ray Greenberg inspires others to follow his lead. 
recognize Father Kevin Corcoran who, after 16 years of support and service to the Department for Persons with Disabilities will be honored as Person of the Year on Sunday, February 22, 2015 at the 45th Annual Murray House Dinner Dance in Paterson, NJ. 
New Jersey. In 1986, he graduated from Morris Catholic High School in Denville, and upon graduation dedicated the next four years of his life to serving in the United States Air Force. He demonstrated remarkable courage and dedication to serving his country, and would continue to exemplify core Air Force values: ‘‘Integrity first, service before self, and excellence in all we do’’. 
Kevin was stationed in Texas, Colorado, and Korea. While in Korea, he received a Black Belt in Taekwondo from the University of Seoul. 
a vocation in priesthood, and enrolled in St. Mary’s seminary and University in Baltimore, Maryland. Specializing in theological studies, he received both a B.A. and M.A. in theology. 
His first assignment as a priest was at St. 
Anthony Parish in Hawthorne, where he served as a parochial vicar from 1999–2007. As such, Father Kevin carried out the functions of teaching, sanctifying and leading the people of St. Anthony’s parish. He and his colleagues worked tirelessly to guide and lead the community of St. Anthony’s through faith and fellowship. 
his mother who was ill, Father Kevin did priestly ministry at St. Mary’s Parish, in Goldsboro, North Carolina. 
present, Father Kevin has served as priest secretary to Bishop Arthur J. Serratelli of the Diocese of Paterson, in addition to being Vice Chancellor and Master of Ceremonies for Episcopal Liturgical events. Father Kevin has had the privilege to work with Bishop Serratelli, who has shown exemplary leadership within his community, serving on multiple boards such as the Committee on Divine Worship and Chairman of the Ad hoc SubCommittee for the Review of Scripture Translations. 
Disabilities, Father Kevin and Bishop Serratelli have greatly assisted adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities by providing residential, vocational, spiritual, and social services. Their involvement has empowered persons with disabilities to become active, contributing, and valued members of their community, and have helped them to live life to the fullest with dignity and respect. 
is an organization that is near and dear to my heart. I have attended the Annual Murray House Dinner Dance, and have had the privilege of watching their organization grow and flourish throughout the years. Father Corcoran is an exceptional man and I commend him on his achievements. 
The job of a United States Congressman involves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of individuals such as Father Kevin Corcoran. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, Father Kevin Corcoran’s coworkers, family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Father Kevin Corcoran. 
honor the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, better known as the NAACP, which is celebrating its 106th Birthday this week. 
been at the forefront of the fight to protect the civil rights of all Americans. The mission statement of the NAACP is to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate race based discrimination in the United States. It has done so by advocating and influencing the passage of landmark legislation ranging from the Civil Rights Act to the Voting Rights Act, and monumental court decisions such as the holdings in Brown v. the Board of Education and Smith v. Allwright. 
up of portions of Anne Arundel and Prince George’s Counties, is the only majority minority suburban district in the country. So I can speak from personal experience to the accomplishments of the NAACP that have impacted my district and constituents. 
Arundel County since 1944 and has done much to advance the cause of civil rights for its residents. Just as was the case in many other counties across the nation, Anne Arundel County operated under Jim Crow laws until the latter half of the 20th century. Segregation was the law of the land and the County’s AfricanAmerican residents experienced racial discrimination in all aspects of 
their lives. The NAACP was central in the fight to combat these injustices and worked over the following decades to expand voter participation, legally challenge the segregated school system, and bring the equality of opportunity to Anne Arundel County. 
George’s County chapter of the NAACP in 1935, there were 60,000 people living in the county, approximately 10 percent of whom were AfricanAmerican. But, as in many parts of Maryland, the population exploded in the decades after the Second World War. African Americans made up a significant part of this population expansion, but found they continued to encounter racial discrimination and segregation. During this transitional period, the NAACP was involved in numerous civil rights issues in Prince George’s County, from the legal challenges that led to the elimination of the dual school system to the creation of the Human Relations Commission just to name a few. Prince George’s County is now the wealthiest African Americanmajority County in the United States. This success is thanks in no small part to the NAACP, which has always resolutely placed them in the vanguard of the struggle for equality. 
over the years there is still much to be done. Racial profiling is a pervasive policy in both the workplace and in many police departments all over the country, unequal law enforcement on young black men, and threats to voter access shows that the work championed by the NAACP is as important today as it was 106 years ago at its founding. So while it is right that we look back and recognize all the progress that has been made under their leadership, we also must look to the future to what remains to be accomplished under the continued leadership of the NAACP. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I want to state that 
on Thursday, February 12, I unfortunately missed two roll call votes as I was attending the bill signing ceremony at the White House for the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, of which I am a proud original cosponsor. This law will go a long way to increase access to mental health care and suicide prevention resources for military servicemembers and veterans Had I been present I would have voted: 
I would have voted no in order to allow a 
vote on H.R. 861, a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security through the end of fiscal year 2015, which would prevent a partial government shutdown and provide certainty that DHS operations to protect Americans will proceed without interruption. 
2. NO—Approving H. Res. 101 I would have voted no on H. Res. 101, 
which prevented the House from considering any amendments to either H.R. 644 or H.R. 636. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 71–76 due to a family emergency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted no 
on #71, no on #72, no on #73, yes on #74, no on #75, and yes on #76. 
illness, I was unable to attend votes the week of January 5, 2015. I would have supported final passage of the following bills: 
Roll Call #7 (H.R. 22: Hire More Heroes Act 
of 2015—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #8 (H.R. 26: Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Roll Call #9 (H.R. 37: Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass) 
Due to illness, I was also unable to attend 
votes the week of January 19, 2015. I would have supported final passage of the following bills: 
Roll Call #41 (H.R. 161: Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act—On Passage) 
for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015—On Passage) 
recognize the retiring acting Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, Thomas S. Winkowski. He has served with distinction, and is now ending his tenure after a 39year career with CBP and other border security agencies. His tireless efforts have helped keep our borders secure and improved the efficiency and effectiveness of our border operations. 
Service in 1975 as a cooperative education student. Upon graduating from Boston’s Northeastern University in 1978, he was assigned to Los Angeles where he became a Customs inspector. He has subsequently served as Miami’s port director, director at Los Angeles International Airport as well as Director of field operations in Miami from 2002 to 2007. 
commissioner on March 30th, 2013, taking the lead role of the 60,000employee Customs and Border Protection agency. He has been a consistent advocate for innovation and efficiency, and since serving as assistant commissioner in CBP’s Office of Field Operations in 2007, he has developed CBP into a world class law enforcement organization through a stringent process of modernization and expansion of global operations. Mr. Winkowski also served as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement where he led 20,000 employees in more than 400 offices in the United States and 48 foreign countries. 
In recognition of his excellent and distinguished service, Mr. Winkowski was awarded the Meritorious Presidential Rank Award by President Bush in 2004. In 2009, his service was also recognized by President (Obama, who awarded him the Distinguished Executive Presidential Rank Award. 
Thomas S. Winkowski, retiring acting commissioner of Customs and Border Protection. His years of dedication and commitment to our country have truly made this nation safer today. Thank you for this time. 
honor the 170 inventors who will soon be recognized at the California Institute of Technology and inducted as the 2014 Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI). In order to be named as a Fellow, these men and women were nominated by their peers and have undergone the scrutiny of the NAI Selection Committee, having had their innovations deemed as making significant impact on quality of life, economic development, and welfare of society. Collectively, among this elite group holds nearly 5,000 patents. 
of Fellows include individuals from 114 research universities and nonprofit research institutes spanning not just the United States but also the world. The now 414 member group of Fellows is comprised of 61 presidents and senior leadership of research universities and nonprofit research institutes, 208 members of the other National Academies, 21 inductees of the National Inventors Hall of Fame, 16 recipients of the U.S. National Medal of Technology and Innovation, 10 recipients of the U.S. National Medal of Science, 21 Nobel Laureates, 11 LemelsonMIT prize recipients, 112 AAAS Fellows, among other awards and distinctions. 
founded in 2010 by Paul R. Sanberg at the University of South Florida. Its mission is to recognize and encourage inventors with patents issued from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, enhance the visibility of academic technology and innovation, encourage the disclosure of intellectual property, educate and mentor innovative students, and translate the inventions of its members to benefit society. 
innovation are immeasurable. I commend these individuals, and the organizations that support them, for the work that they do to revolutionize the world we live in. As the following inventors are inducted, may it encourage future innovators to strive to meet this high honor and continue the spirit of innovation. 
The 2014 NAI Fellows include: Ilhan A. Aksay, Princeton University; Nancy 
L. Allbritton, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Jan P. Allebach, Purdue University; Daniel W. Armstrong, The University of Texas at Arlington; Frances H. Arnold, California Institute of Technology; Kyriacos A. Athanasiou, University of California, Davis; 
Nadine N. Aubry, Northeastern University; David Baltimore, California Institute of Technology; Amit Bandyopadhyay, Washington State University; Joseph J. Beaman, Jr., The University of Texas at Austin; James A. Birchler, University of MissouriColumbia; Donald R. Bobbitt, University of Arkansas; Jeffrey T. Borenstein, The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory; H. Kim Bottomly, Wellesley College; Scott A. Brandt, University of California, Santa Cruz; Steven P. Briggs, University of California, San Diego; Robert A. Brown, Boston University; Karen J.L. Burg, Kansas State University; Robert H. Byrne, University of South Florida; A. Robert Calderbank, Duke University; Emily A. Carter, Princeton University; Alexander N. Cartwright, The State University of New York; H. Jonathan Chao, New York University; ChingShih Chen, The Ohio State University; Ashutosh Chilkoti, Duke University; Arul M. Chinnaiyan, University of Michigan; Steven Chu, Stanford University; James J. Coleman, The University of Texas at Dallas; J. Edward Colgate, Northwestern University; Barry S. Coller, The Rockefeller University; R. Graham Cooks, Purdue University; Rory A. Cooper, University of Pittsburgh; Harold G. Craighead, Cornell University; Charles S. Craik, University of California, San Francisco; Alfred J. Crosby, University of Massachusetts Amherst; Marcos Dantus, Michigan State University; Huw M.L. Davies, Emory University; Mark R.D. Davies, University of Limerick; Mark E. Dean, The University of Tennessee, Knoxville; Richard D. DiMarchi, Indiana University; Michael A. Dirr, The University of Georgia; Richard A. Dixon, University of North Texas; John P. Donoghue, Brown University; Jonathan S. Dordich, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Jennifer A. Doudna, University of California, Berkeley; Anatoly Dritschilo, Georgetown University; Robert V. Duncan, Texas Tech University; Russell D. Dupuis, Georgia Institute of Technology; Victor J. Dzau, Duke University; James H. Eberwine, University of Pennsylvania; Elazer R. Edelman, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; J. Gary Eden, University of Illinois at UrbanaChampaign; Jennifer H. Elisseeff, Johns Hopkins University; Sir Martin J. Evans, Cardiff University; David A. Evans, Harvard University; Gregg B. Fields, Torrey Pines Institute for Molecular Studies; Stephen R. Forrest, University of Michigan; Michael W. Fountain, University of South Florida; Ingrid Fritsch, University of Arkansas; Cynthia M. Furse, The University of Utah; Elsa M. Garmire, Dartmouth College; Samuel H. Gellman, University 
National Laboratory; Bruce D. Hammock, University of California, Davis; Justin Hanes, Johns Hopkins University; Frank W. Harris, The University of Akron; Vikki Hazelwood, Stevens Institute of Technology; Maurice P. Herlihy, Brown University; John C. Herr, University of Virginia; David R. Hillyard, The University of Utah; Jeffrey A. Hubbell, The University of Chicago; Suzanne T. Ildstad, University of Louisville; M. Saif Islam, University of California, Davis; Robert D. Ivarie, The University of Georgia; Allan J. Jacobson, University of Houston; Trevor O. Jones, Case Western Reserve University; Michael E. Jung, University of California, Los Angeles; Kattesh V. Katti, University of MissouriColumbia; Jay D. Keasling, University of California, Berkeley; Behrokh Khoshnevis, University of Southern California; Marcia J. Kieliszewski, Ohio University; Michael N. Kozicki, Arizona State University; Juan C. Lasheras, University of California, San Diego; WenHwa Lee, China Medical University; Chiang J. Li, Harvard University; James Linder, University of NebraskaLincoln; Stuart M. Lindsay, Arizona State University; Robert J. Linhardt, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Philip S. Low, Purdue University; Yuri M. Lvov, Louisiana Tech University; Asad M. Madni, University of California, Los Angeles; Marc J. Madou, University of California, Irvine; Richard A. Mathies, University of California, Berkeley; Richard D. McCullough, Harvard University; Carver A. Mead, California Institute of Technology; Wen Jin Meng, Louisiana State University; XiangJin Meng, Virginia Tech; Thomas O. Mensah, Florida State University; Antonios G. Mikos, Rice University; Richard K. Miller, Olin College of Engineering; Duane D. Miller, The University of Tennessee Health Science Center; Jan D. Miller, The University of Utah; Sergey B. Mirov, The University of Alabama at Birmingham; Jeffrey R. Morgan, Brown University; Brij M. Moudgil, University of Florida; Jose ´M.F. Moura, Carnegie Mellon University; Shuji Nakamura, University of California, Santa Barbara; Jagdish Narayan, North Carolina State University; Shree K. Nayar, Columbia University; Douglas F. Nixon, The George Washington University; Babatunde A. Ogunnaike, University of Delaware; Iwao Ojima, Stony Brook University; Nicholas A. Peppas, The University of Texas at Austin; Michael A. Peshkin, Northwestern University; Victor L. Poirier, University of South Florida; Mark R. Prausnitz, Georgia Institute of Technology; Darwin J. Prockop, Texas A&M University; Alain T. Rappaport, Institute for Human and Machine Cognition; Renee A. Reijo Pera, Montana State University; Daniel E. Resasco, The University of Oklahoma; Rebecca R. RichardsKortum, Rice University; Yasuko Rikihisa, The Ohio State University; Pradeep K. Rohatgi, University of WisconsinMilwaukee; Ba ¨rbel M. Rohrer, Medical University of South Carolina; Erkki Ruoslahti, SanfordBurnham Medical Research Institute; B. Don Russell, Jr., Texas A&M University; Ram Sasisekharan, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; W. Gregory Sawyer, University of Florida; Axel Scherer, California Institute of Technology; Joseph M. Schimmels, Marquette University; C. Richard Schlegel, Georgetown University; Saı ¨d M. 
Sebti, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer & Research Institute; George E. Seidel, Jr., Colorado State University; Arup K. SenGupta, Lehigh University; Wan Y. Shih, Drexel University; Kevin M. Short, University of New Hampshire; Richard 
B. Silverman, Northwestern University; Marwan A. Simaan, University of Central Florida; Raj N. Singh, Oklahoma State University; Thomas C. Skalak, University of Virginia; Mohamed Y. Soliman, Texas Tech University; Bruce J. Tatarchuk, Auburn University; Gordon A. Thomas, New Jersey Institute of Technology; Mark E. Thompson, University of Southern California; Thomas G. Thundat, University of Alberta; Richard B. Timmons, The University of Texas at Arlington; Mark L. Tykocinski, Thomas Jefferson University; Kamil Ugurbil, University of Minnesota; Anthony J. Vizzini, Wichita State University; Horst Vogel, E ´cole Polytechnique Fe ´de´rale de 
Lausanne; Nicholi Vorsa, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey; Gordana Vunjak Novakovic, Columbia University; Kristiina Vuori, SanfordBurnham Medical Research Institute; Kevin M. Walsh, University of Louisville; Christine A. Wang, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Shaomeng Wang, University of Michigan; Paul H. Weigel, The University of Oklahoma; Jonathan A. Wickert, Iowa State University; Alan E. Willner, University of Southern California; Richard C. Willson, III, University of Houston; ChiHuey Wong, Academia Sinica; John A. Woollam, University of NebraskaLincoln; Shelby D. Worley, Auburn University; Chris Xu, Cornell University; Ping Xu, Shanghai Jiao Tong University; Zhi Xu, University of MissouriSt. Louis; Janet K. Yamamoto, University of Florida; Shu Yang, University of Pennsylvania; Michael J. Yaszemski, Mayo Clinic; Phillip D. Zamore, University of Massachusetts Medical School 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the 200th anniversary of the first court held in Scott County, Virginia. The community will celebrate this anniversary at the Scott County Courthouse on Sunday, February 15, 2015. 
McClelland, president of the Overmountain Men Chapter Sons of the American Revolution, ‘‘It’s important to understand this 200th anniversary commemorates the government actually forming in Scott County.’’ 
Scott County, which was formed from parts of Washington, Lee, and Russell Counties and named in honor of General Winfield Scott, the most important American military figure of the War of 1812 (news of Colonel Jackson’s victory in the battles surrounding New Orleans would not be known of for weeks after the signing of the commission of the peace). ‘‘Old Fuss and Feathers’’ served as Commanding General of the United States Army for twenty years, commanding forces in the Black Hawk War, the MexicanAmerican War, and the Second Seminole War. He was the leading military figure in the country up to the eve of the War Between the States. 
Governor Nicholas authorized citizens to organize the first court and the first county government. The county’s new court first convened on February 14, 1815, and met again the following two days. Governor Nicholas had signed a commission appointing John Anderson to serve as Sheriff and, after taking the oath of office, Sheriff Anderson on February 14, 1815 opened the Court of Scott County. William H. Carter was elected to serve as the first clerk of the court. The court appointed citizens to serve in county leadership positions, and also arranged for the county’s first election. 
I am proud to honor the history of Scott 
County and recognize all those who have served and continue to serve this community since it was founded more than 200 years ago. 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
added $7,493,980,029,122.44 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 79–80 due to a family emergency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE ON THEIR 106TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of the preeminent civil rights organizations in America, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, on their 106th anniversary. Widely recognized as the nation’s oldest and largest civil rights group, this organization has been essential in helping African Americans find and maintain their voice since its founding in 1909. 
and a host of other progressive and forward thinking leaders, the NAACP has always been on the front lines for Blacks in this country. 
lynchings of the early 1900s, the group quickly expanded, focusing many of its early battles on the court system and legalized segregation. With the stated purpose of securing the rights guaranteed by the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendments for all Americans, the NAACP worked tirelessly to secure equal protection under the law and the right to vote. 
With the founding of the NAACP’s Legal Defense Fund in 1939, America saw the brilliant litigation strategy of Charles Hamilton Houston and Thurgood Marshall as they advocated for the famous Brown v. Board of Education decision, which many credit with beginning the modern Civil Rights Movement. 
African Americans experienced the transition from the overt racism that plagues the Jim Crow South to urban areas plagued by poverty and crime. Again, the NAACP adopted its mantra to meet this challenge and remains a relevant advocate improving the lives of Blacks in America. 
year history of the NAACP’s advocacy and. From the early 20th century, fighting for Blacks to serve as officers in World War I, to the present day efforts to address disparities in economic access and the criminal justice system, the NAACP continues to fulfill its mission of providing a voice to the voiceless and improving the quality of life for all Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, the destruction caused by natural disasters across the country affirms the need to address climate change. Conservation 
efforts that protect wildlife ecosystems help to mitigate these climate concerns as well as provide lands for all Americans to enjoy. 
that helps preserve the northern Rockies—one of our country’s vital environmental regions. The Northern Rockies Ecosystem Protection Act will safeguard 23 million acres by establishing a system to connect biological corridors on public lands in Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Oregon, and Washington. It prioritizes the health of whole ecosystems by designating all of the inventoried roadless areas as wilderness, including wild and scenic rivers. This designation helps ensure the preservation of native plants and animals. 
It’s our responsibility to preserve our country’s natural treasures for our own and future generations. I thank my colleague Public Lands Subcommittee Ranking Member RAU´L 
others to join us in helping to protect these public lands. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed the following votes: 
‘‘Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 644’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. 
‘‘Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015’’. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize and congratulate the success of the Fort Payne High School Real World Design Team, known as the ‘‘Fort Payne 7.’’ 
from sponsor Hannah Turner, competed in the Real World Design team state challenge in 2013 and the national challenge in 2014. 
to design an unmanned aerial vehicle that detects agricultural pests in a onemile by one mile cornfield in Fort Dodge, Iowa. After winning the state challenge, the team utilized the summer and fall months to complete the national challenge. 
The national challenge was held in Washington, D.C., on November 15, 2014. The national challenge team was made up of members Hunter Vezertzis, Noah Wofford, Matthew Wilding, Joshua Johnston, Hunter Terry, and Regan Anderson with Hannah Turner as the team coach and sponsor. Since then, the team has expanded with the addition of Jayden Parris, Ansley Grider, Harley Tate, and Emma Simpson. 
We are very proud of the ‘‘Fort Payne 7’’ 
and I want to congratulate them on their success, hard work and dedication. Competitions like these and the lessons learned will serve these young people for many years to come. I look forward to forwarding the students and their continued success. 
RECOGNIZING MEXICO’S SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, ENRIQUE MARTINEZ Y MARTINEZ 
recognize the accomplishments of Mexico’s Secretary of Agriculture, Enrique Martinez y Martinez. 
been characterized by extraordinary leadership and service to the people of Mexico. Before beginning his career, Secretary Martinez y Martinez attended the Monterrey Institute of Technology, where he majored in economics. From 1976 to 1978, he served as State of Coahuila Treasury Undersecretary in charge of revenues. He next served as Mayor of Saltillo, Capital of the State of Coahuila from 1979 to 1981. In 1981, he became Coahuila State General Secretary, and served in this position until 1987. 
Martinez has held include Chairman of the State Electoral Commission, State of Coahuila Municipal Development Director, Chairman of the National Conference of Governors (CONAGO), Chairman of the Border Governors Conference, Chairman of the Public Administration National Institute in the State of Coahuila, Federal Congressman in Mexico’s 54th and 57th Congress, Chairman of the Regional Development and Production Support Committee, and Member of the Treasury and Public Credit Committee. From 1999 to 2005, he served as Governor of the State of Coahuila. He assumed the role Secretary of the Agriculture, Cattle Industry, Rural Development, Fishery and Food Ministry in 2012. Secretary Enrique Martinez y Martinez’s service exemplifies a shining example of humility and dedication. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize Mexico’s Secretary of 
Agriculture, Enrique Martinez y Martinez for his many accomplishments and great contributions to our neighbor to the south. 
recognize the noble life of Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins, a true American and public servant whose life was tragically cut short. Mr. Collins was sworn into office one year ago as the 62nd Mayor of Toledo, Ohio, and every day he showed his dedication to the words ‘‘duty’’ and ‘‘honor.’’ An IrishAmerican from the South End of Toledo, he was a son and a father of Toledo. The love that our community felt for Mayor Collins was shown by the thousands who attended his wake and funeral this week. 
that ferried our great city through a very difficult year. Dedicated to the people of Toledo, he spent his entire adult life and work serving our community and country. 
Following his high school graduation he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps, attaining the rank of Corporal, and every day exemplified the motto of the Corps, Semper Fidelis, ‘‘Always Faithful.’’ After returning home, his public service continued for nearly three decades with the Toledo Police Department. He was later elected President of the Toledo Police Patrolmen’s Association. In 2007, he ran for City Council and quickly earned a reputation as a problem solver with deep knowledge of the City’s finances and budget. He ran for Mayor in 2013 in a heavily contested race, won with broad public support and was sworn into his first term. 
‘‘Laborare est Orare,’’ to work and to pray. He assiduously applied himself to every task he undertook. Throughout his life, he was an indefatigable learner attaining many degrees that served him well in his leadership roles. He also taught at his alma mater, the University of Toledo. During his time as Mayor, he shepherded 
the City through three major crises: the tragic loss of two firefighters in an arsonrelated fire, the shutoff of City water for three days because of contamination by algal blooms in Lake Erie due to cyanotoxins, and, most recently, a snow emergency of the highest level. Through it all, Mayor Collins’ steady leadership, humble manner, and broad smile gave 
my deepest condolences to his beloved wife Sandy, who was always at his side, and to his daughters and grandchildren. Our citizenry has been blessed to know him, to work with him and for his service to us. May God bless him and bring him peaceful rest. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4:45 p.m. on Monday, February 16, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 49 public bills, H.R. 962–1011; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 33–34, and H. Res. 111–118, were introduced. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 158 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 83. 
America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 636, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, by a recorded vote of 272 ayes to 142 noes, Roll No. 82. 
Rejected the Neal motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 173 yeas to 241 nays, Roll No. 81.
Pursuant to the rule, in lieu of the amendment in 
the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–6 shall be considered as adopted.
                           Page H1041 H. Res. 101, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 644) and (H.R. 636), was agreed to on February 12. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 17th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. 
United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Representative Turner, Chairman; Representatives Johnson (OH), Miller (FL), Marino, Guthrie, Cook, and Kinzinger (IL).
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representatives Pompeo and Womack.
Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: Representatives Young (IN) and Rooney.
Board of Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following 
Member on the part of the House to the Board of 
Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Academy: Representative Smith (NE).
Board of Visitors to the United States Air Force Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Air Force Academy: Representatives Lamborn and McSally.
Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy: Representative King (NY).
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1049–50, H1050–51, and H1051. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 12:22 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on the Department of Agriculture, Office of the Inspector General budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Phyllis Fong, Inspector General; Gil Harden, Assistant Inspector General for Audits; and Ann Coffey, Acting Assistant Inspector General, Investigations. 
EXTREMISM: KEY TRENDS, CHALLENGES, AND IMPLICATIONS FOR U.S. POLICY 
hearing entitled ‘‘What Is the State of Islamic Extremism: Key Trends, Challenges, and Implications for U.S. Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee concluded a business meeting to adopt the committee’s views and estimates on the budget for fiscal year 2016. The committee’s views and estimates passed, as amended. 
RESTORATION ACT AND THE RELIGIOUS LAND USE AND INSTITUTIONALIZED PERSONS ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets; Subcommittee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Metro: Is There a Safety Gap?’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher A. Hart, Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; Edward R. Mills, Assistant Fire Chief—Operations, District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department; and public witnesses. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD148 February 13, 2015 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in pro forma 
Carter, John R., Tex., E216 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E217 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E216, E218 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E218 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E215 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E215 
Fattah, Chaka, Pa., E211 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E214 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E217 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E211 
Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E217 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E218 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E216, E217 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E218 
McCollum, Betty, Minn., E212 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E211 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E215 Price, David E., N.C., E212, E213 Roe, David P., Tenn., E212 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E216 