honor the life of Chad Taylor Johnson. Chad passed away on July 7, 2015, at the age of 32. 
proudly served his country in the United States Army. As a decorated Army Forward Scout, Chad served our nation courageously in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He was a close friend of our family and he will be sorely missed by us, his family, his community and the nation he served. 
Chad’s loving wife, Jennifer, and his parents, Tillman and Beverly Johnson. 
honor the New York City Fire Department (FDNY) in recognition of 150 years of dedicated service to the people of the City of New York. 
New York City firefighters have been a shining example of heroism, bravery, and civil service. For every moment of every day over the last 150 years, New York’s Bravest have risked their lives to save ours. 
Their bravery has never been more apparent than on the morning of September 11th, 2001 when 343 members of the FDNY sacrificed their lives as they rushed into the World Trade Center. It is the heroism that they displayed not only on that day, but on every day, 
that makes me proud to call myself a New Yorker. 
men and women of the FDNY to protecting and saving the lives of their fellow New Yorkers on a daily basis is what makes their 150th Anniversary truly special. To each and every firefighter keeping the City of New York safe every day, I say thank you for consistently putting your lives on the line to protect ours. 
recognition of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment. Established in 1863 as one of the first military units comprised of entirely African American soldiers to fight in the Civil War for the Union, the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment will further be memorialized with the unveiling of a historic mural in New Bedford, Massachusetts. 
Proclamation on January 1, 1863 provided an avenue for free black men to serve as soldiers, it remained the responsibility of state governors to raise regiments for federal service. Massachusetts Governor John A. Andrews became the first governor in the nation to authorize an allAfrican American voluntary infantry regiment. In three months’ time, the regiment had grown to consist of over 1,000 enlisted volunteers from across the Commonwealth, united under the command of Robert Gould Shaw, a white officer. Included among the regiment’s enlistees were none other than Charles and Lewis Douglass—two sons of the wellknown writer and abolitionist, Frederick Douglass, as well as the first African American Congressional Medal of Honor recipient and one of New Bedford’s most famous sons, Sergeant William H. Carney. 
It was not long after its formation that the 
54th Massachusetts Regiment earned the fighting recognition it had anticipated. Following a joyous parade and honorary celebration in the streets of Boston in May 1863, the regiment headed south to the hostile coast of South Carolina. By July 18, 1863, after several days of fighting on little sleep, food or water, the regiment prepared for an assault on Fort Wagner, which protected the Port of Charleston. 
the number of Confederate troops, the 54th Massachusetts Regiment saw over 280 of its men killed, wounded, or captured during the siege on Fort Wagner, including Colonel Shaw. However, not all was lost. It was during this battle that the severely wounded Sergeant William H. Carney saved the regiment’s flag 
Upon his return to his regiment, he famously shouted, ‘‘The Old Flag never touched the ground!’’ For these heroic actions, Sergeant Carney became the first African American soldier awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. 
The courage, bravery, and dedication demonstrated by the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment over 150 years ago lives on in the pride of our community. Now, thanks to the partnership of the New Bedford Historical Society, University of Massachusetts Dartmouth, Artworks, and the New Bedford National Historical Park, residents of and visitors to the City of New Bedford will further celebrate the memory of Sergeant Carney and the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment with a mural depicting the gallant men of the Regiment in the exact spot where local New Bedford volunteers enlisted throughout the Civil War. 
recognize the unveiling of this historic mural and to call attention yet again to the bravery and dedication of the men who served in the 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry. 
discuss an issue of critical importance—the U.S. relationship with Russia. The U.S. has a complicated bilateral relationship with Russia, which includes a number of vital global issues including ISIL, Syria, Iran’s nuclear ambitions and peace in the Ukraine, among others. However, a central aspect in the relationship that must guide all of the issues is the rule of law—and Russia has shown little respect for this essential principle. 
and who is the cochair and leader of a number of country caucuses in the Congress, I am well aware of Russia’s sometimes unacceptable behavior on the world stage. 
law issue, is the $50 billion arbitration brought against Russia by GML on behalf of the shareholders of Yukos Oil, whose company was illegally seized over a decade ago. In July of 2014, a tribunal in The Hague ruled that Russia violated the Energy Charter Treaty (ECT), and awarded Yukos a $50 billion arbitration award. Since last summer, Russia has appealed the ruling, asking that it be set aside and dismissed by the Dutch Courts, a review process that could continue for 10 years. 
In the decision, an independent arbitral tribunal sitting in The Hague ruled unanimously that the actions of the Russian Federation were politically motivated and constituted expropriation of the majority shareholders’ investment in Yukos. The roots of the ECT date back to political initiatives in Europe following the end of the Cold War. The fundamental aim of the ECT is to strengthen the rule of law on energy issues by creating a level playing field of rules to be observed by all governments who are signatories to the Treaty. 
Mr. Speaker, Russia needs to do much better in respecting rule of law, international institutions and global treaties. The GML case is a bellwether for Russia’s behavior, intentions and future actions. It will help demonstrate if Russia will truly be accountable under rule of law and serve as a constructive partner in the global community. I urge my colleagues to learn more by reading the November 15, 2014 article in The Economist entitled, ‘‘The Yukos affair: The chase is on.’’ It is a case the U.S. Administration and Congress should follow closely to strongly support and urge adherence to the rule of law. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and did not cast one roll call vote on Thursday, July 16, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: 
Roll Call Vote # 447—Final Passage: Western Water and American Food Security Act— 
S. KIMENYI, SENIOR FELLOW AND FORMER DIRECTOR OF THE AFRICAN GROWTH INITIATIVE AT THE BROOKINGS INSTITUTION 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the late Professor Mwangi S. Kimenyi, senior fellow and former director of 
the Africa Growth Initiative at the Brookings Institution, who passed away on June 6, 2015. 
Kimenyi over the last several years. I drew on his expertise for one of the ‘‘Africa Policy Breakfasts’’ I hosted earlier this year that drew hundreds of people. 
Kimenyi speak for a few minutes to understand that he was one of the foremost scholars and experts in the relationship between the United States and the nations of the African continent. His breadth of knowledge stretched from institutions of higher education as well as the nonprofit sector. He drew on his ability to teach from his years of experience as a former professor at the University of Mississippi and the University of Connecticut. He was the founding executive director of the Kenya Institute for Public Policy Research and Analysis, a resource person with the African Economic Research Consortium, and a research associate with the Center for the Study of African Economies, University of Oxford. 
work when he received the Outstanding Research Award from the Global Development Network in 2001 and the GeorgescuRoegen Prize in Economics in 1991. In 1994, Professor Kimenyi was also named by Policy Review among the top 10 young market economists in the United States. 
final Congressional passage to the African Growth and Opportunity Act. Renewing AGOA was only possible because of the work of Professor Kimenyi and the hundreds of Africans like him who committed themselves to ensuring that the United States and the nations on the African continent became true partners that work together to benefit our respective people and economies. 
I join with so many in sending my condolences to Professor Kimenyi’s family, friends, colleagues and everyone who benefited from his years of work and his commitment to the relationship between the United States and the countries on the African continent. Although he has left us, his work will benefit people for generations to come. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 21, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–212, Part 1).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Sessions to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Timothy Kesicki, SJ, Jesuit Conference, Washington, DC.
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5295. 
Senate Referrals: S. 192 was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. S. 139 was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 2:03 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of General Mark A. Milley, USA, to be Chief of Staff of the Army, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to Romania, Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, and James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Labor’s investment proposal for American families and retirees, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing 
to examine the Administration’s immigration enforcement policies, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Metro: Update’’, 5 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
1599, the ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 
Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Lack of Oversight of Interagency Agreements—VA Procurement Failures Continued’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD850 July 20, 2015 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12:30 p.m. At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 2256— Veterans Information Modernization Act, 2) H.R. 237— FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015, and 3) H.R. 1557—Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015. 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E1084 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1083 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E1084 Graves, Garret, La., E1083 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1084 Keating, William R., Mass., E1083 