to recognize Stacy Eggers, Jr., of Boone, North Carolina. 
old, but he hasn’t let age slow him down one bit. He still goes daily to his office on West King Street where he has been continually practicing law since 1950. Back then, he was one of only four attorneys in Watauga County. 
the State of North Carolina who did not attend law school. He was admitted by the North Carolina State Bar to practice law on April 19, 1950, and eventually, his law practice became a family affair. 
Eggers with his son Stacy Eggers III in 1974 and later formed Eggers, Eggers, & Eggers when his daughter Rebecca EggersGryder joined the practice. 
known as Four, joined the firm in 2001. His granddaughterinlaw Kimberly Eggers joined the firm in 2010. Another grandson, Austin Eggers, joined the firm in 2011. 
still goes to work every day at the age of 90. In fact, he tried a property rights case with his grandson Four before a local jury at the age of 88. You rarely see that kind of dedication to one’s profession anymore. 
practice, Stacy has served as county attorney for Watauga County, as well as town attorney for Blowing Rock and Seven Devils. His service to the bar also includes terms as councilor of the North Carolina State Bar for the 24th Judicial District, president of the Watauga Bar Association, and president of the 24th Judicial District Bar Association. 
Carolina Bar Association, where he served on the Client Security Fund Board, which helps reimburse individuals who have suffered financial loss as a result of the dishonest conduct of lawyers. 
North Carolina General Practice Hall of Fame and received the Liberty Bell Award in 2008. The Liberty Bell Award is given annually by the North Carolina Bar Association’s Young Lawyers Division to one individual who ‘‘has strengthened the American system of freedom under law.’’ 
has served as a member of the Watauga County Hospital Board of Trustees, the Watauga County Board of Elections, the Boone Rotary Club, the executive committee of the Watauga County Republican Party, the Boone Chamber of Commerce, and the Watauga Savings and Loan Association Board of Directors. He also currently serves on the board for LifeStore Bank. 
served in the Army Air Corps during World War II. When describing the experience to his children in later years, he would say he received a personal invitation from the President to take an allexpense paid world tour. He left on a transport out of Charleston, North Carolina, and by the time he arrived in Los Angeles at the end of the war, he had served his country in locations across the globe, including Africa, the Mediterranean, India, and Tinian. Stacy is a lifetime member and past commander of the American Legion and a lifetime member and judge advocate of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
loving and supportive wife of 56 years, Elizabeth Bingham Eggers, who passed away in 2004. He is blessed with eight grandsons and three greatgrandsons and has another greatgrandbaby on the way. His family is one of the most respected families in Watauga County. 
Stacy is a man of few words but great 
wisdom. He has tremendous insights into human nature, and his observations are well worth hearing. Watauga County is fortunate to call this hardworking citizen one of its own. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for the great honor of addressing the Nation as a newlyelected Representative for the people of West Virginia’s Second District. 
up in a home where the American ideals of personal freedom and limited government were cherished. 
Cuba where, at age 21, she was thrown in jail for 7 weeks as a political prisoner by the communist regime of Fidel Castro. After her release, she fled here to the United States where she was welcomed with open arms to restart her life in freedom. 
New York and a Vietnam veteran. He was an ardent conservative and had great pride in leaders like Ronald Reagan. 
Through the hard work of my parents, my three siblings and I had the chance to live the American Dream. 
My older brother, Vincent, is a professor of electrical engineers at Georgia Tech. My younger brother, Patrick, is a successful businessman. My younger sister, Margarita, is a professor of sociology at Yale University where she conducts research on happiness, virtues, and the common good. I was blessed to have the opportunity to attend Dartmouth College where I played football and rugby and graduated in 1993. 
and was dying. There was one doctor who was particularly compassionate in her efforts to comfort my family and me through that difficult time. She also happened to be very pretty. One year later, that neurosurgeon, Dr. Grace Gonzalez, agreed to marry me. My wonderful wife and I have been 
blessed with three beautiful children. My son, Lucas, is 11; my daughter, Camille, is 9; and we were pleasantly surprised on October 13 of last year with a third child, Gabrielle. My wife and I have been doing the hard work of homeschooling our older children, imparting on them an appreciation for the special place America holds in the world, just as my parents did for me. 
responsibility enshrined in the Constitution must always be protected. Their example showed me we must never cower in the face of tyranny, never give up on the Godgiven rights we are entitled to, and never stop fighting for the American Dream. They taught me the importance of serving one’s Nation and community. 
I knew early in life I wanted an opportunity to fight for the values which have made our Nation a beacon of freedom and prosperity around the world. As a young State senator, I fought for relief for hardworking taxpayers, for more personal responsibility, for the right to life of unborn babies, for a prosperous business climate, and to protect our Second Amendment rights. 
District of West Virginia afforded me the tremendous honor of representing them in Congress. 
Our President and his liberal allies on the left would see us lose the values which make us who we are, lose the values my father fought for and my mother escaped despotism to enjoy. 
West Virginia is blessed to be abundant in natural resources. I will fight so that West Virginians and all Americans are able to seek prosperity from our natural bounty. I expect to spend much of my time at my home in Charles Town and crossing the district, listening to the citizens I serve. 
didn’t wait to begin delivering on West Virginia priorities. I cosponsored legislation to gut onerous provisions of ObamaCare, to audit the Federal Reserve, and authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. I also cosponsored bipartisan legislation to protect the unborn after 20 weeks when they are capable of feeling pain. 
Natural Resources Committee, where I will focus on policies which contribute to the energy security of our Nation and the expansion of our production here at home. 
the important House Budget Committee, where I will fight to fulfill my commitment for a balanced Federal budget. It is totally unacceptable for West Virginians and all Americans to live within their means while the Federal Government continues to allow its spending and debt to run rampant. 
emulated around the world by people seeking freedom, justice, and constitutional selfgovernment defined by the rule of law. 
today, and I am proud to stand here on the floor of the United States Congress, vigilant in the defense of our defining principles and West Virginia priorities. 
Speaker recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
that the Taliban assassins murdered nine people in Afghanistan. 
most vicious act of jihad. They attacked a school and murdered 150 children and their teachers in Pakistan. 
Taliban Five, who was unfortunately swapped by the President in exchange for deserter Bowe Bergdahl, has recently called his buddies in the jihadist Taliban. 
Now, isn’t that lovely? But the Taliban are not terrorists, so 
They do carry out tactics that are akin to 
terrorism. They do pursue terror attacks in an effort to try to advance their agenda. 
Well then, why not call them ‘‘terrorists’’? Why is the White House so timid and so intimidated by refusing to call the Taliban ‘‘terrorists’’? 
Al Jazeera news service has banned the terms ‘‘Islamist,’’ ‘‘jihad,’’ and ‘‘terrorists’’ from their reporting. Is the White House Press Secretary getting his politically correct language and censored statements from Al Jazeera? Who knows. 
Even Secretary Kerry refuses to define the foreign terrorist group ISIS as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Mr. Speaker, at a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on September 18, entitled, ‘‘The ISIS Threat: Weighing the Obama Administration’s Response,’’ I asked Secretary Kerry this question: 
Who are we at war with? I call them 
the ‘‘enemy of Islam’’ because that is what I think they are, and they certainly don’t represent a state even though they try to claim to do so. 
refuses to say that we are at war with radical Islam. There is so much sensitivity in the White House over its statements that one is puzzled to wonder: Why are they sensitive about calling terrorists ‘‘terrorists’’? 
spreading throughout the world. Thousands are joining in the jihad, which preaches hate and murder in the name of religion. Even other world leaders 
have publicly recognized this and have called our enemy ‘‘terrorists’’—but not the United States. The leader of the free world dances around the topic instead of telling it like it is. 
to define our enemy? We are at war with radical Islam. We are at war with the Taliban. We are at war with ISIS, and we are at war with terrorism and terrorists. And, Mr. Speaker, they are at war with us. 
hurting the feelings of the radical terrorists, who make it their mission to kill us, and so refuses to call them ‘‘terrorists’’? We need to call them what they are—terrorists who kill in the name of radical Islam. 
jargon will not win this war. Americans and our military must have a clearly defined enemy, not some nebulous, undefined named enemy that the White House advocates. 
never been greater. Their mission is clear. They are ruthless in pursuing it and will kill anybody who doesn’t agree with them regardless of their religion. These killers are at war with America and humanity. We cannot defeat this enemy without first knowing who they are and then defining them. Mr. Speaker, they are terrorists. 
D.C. journalists have reportedly received strict orders from Qatari management: please do not use the words ‘‘terrorist,’’ ‘‘militant,’’ ‘‘Islamist,’’ ‘‘jihad’’ and ‘‘extremist’’ in your reporting. 
After a January 27 Islamist terrorist attack in Libya, an internal email obtained by National Review showed that Al Jazeera 
English executive Carlos van Meek sent out an email demanding that his employees refrain from using the banned terms. ‘‘All: We manage our words carefully around here,’’ van Meek reportedly wrote. ‘‘So I’d like to bring to your attention some key words that have a tendency of tripping us up.’’ 
Van Meek explained, ‘‘One person’s terrorist is another person’s freedom fighter,’’ in writing why his employees must stop using the aforementioned words. ‘‘Avoid characterizing people,’’ he reportedly added. 
use,’’ van Meek wrote in bold. ‘‘We will continue to describe groups and individuals, by talking about their previous actions and current aims to give viewers the context they require, rather than use a simplistic label. 
spiritual struggle, not a holy war,’’ van Meek said in explaining why the Arabic term will no longer be allowed in Al Jazeera’s reporting. He continued, ‘‘It is not by tradition a negative term. It also means the struggle to defend Islam against things challenging it.’’ 
He added: ‘‘We do not use words such as 
was previously described as the man tasked with ‘‘establishing Al Jazeera in America.’’ 
Jazeera’s radical past, including its current support for Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood terror group. After September 11, 2001, the network’s 
headquarters in Doha reportedly put on display multiple pictures in its studio honoring the deceased Al Qaeda terrorist Osama bin Laden. 
of Al Jazeera’s ‘‘biased coverage’’ in favor of the Muslim Brotherhood jihadist organization. 
Mr. POE. You just go ahead and answer the 
Who are we at war with? I call them ISIS. 
Secretary K ERRY . Well, I call them the 
enemy of Islam, because that is what, I think, they are. And they certainly don’t represent a state, even though they try to claim to. 
Secretary K ERRY . I don’t know if there is 
Mr. P OE. Well, why don’t we tell the American people—— 
Secretary K ERRY . I hope you join me in 
doing that, because that is what I think they are; and I don’t think they deserve to have a reference in their name that gives them legitimacy. 
Mr. POE. Are they the enemy of the United 
Mr. P OE. Are they the enemy of the United 
Secretary K ERRY . They are an enemy of 
Mr. P OE. So they are an enemy of the U.S., 
Mr. P OE. Well, I am just looking specifically at the national security interest of the United States. 
national security interest of our country, with Americans over there with passports, learning how to fight and taking part in this—— 
shouldn’t come back unless they are in handcuffs. I agree with that. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ) at 2 p.m. 
what we could be and what we can become, thank You for giving us another day. 
of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Be with them and with all who labor here to serve this great Nation and its people. 
Assure them that whatever their responsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful to their duties and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations and fulfill them with integrity. 
and teach us to use our talents and abilities in ways that are honorable and just and are of benefit to those we serve. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) come forward and lead the House 
Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
marks 25 years since John Hood and Marc Rotterman founded the John Locke Foundation with the help of Art Pope and the John William Pope Foundation. 
small, the John Locke Foundation quickly made an impact, and today, it is the leading voice in North Carolina for free markets, limited government, and personal responsibility. 
changing of the guard for the organization. After nearly 20 years at its helm, founder John Hood has taken a new role as president of the Pope Foundation. He leaves the John Locke Foundation in the very capable hands of Kory Swanson, who has been a central figure in the growth and influence of the organization over the last 15 years. 
Locke Foundation, and the people of North Carolina are the beneficiaries 
five for the new Congress—and it happens to be Groundhog Day—and my Republican colleagues, unfortunately, I think, are still stuck in the shadow of their extreme agenda. 
Instead of taking up a jobs bill or an 
infrastructure bill or a minimum wage bill to give working families bigger paychecks, they have again decided this week, for the 56th time, to take up repeal of the Affordable Care Act. 
in this House would take away insurance for millions of individuals or raise insurance premiums on working families or allow insurance companies to once again discriminate against those who have preexisting medical conditions. 
see the light of day or become law, however. Similar bills were dead on arrival the first time that the Speaker brought it up, and it is not going anywhere this time. 
This vote, pandering to the most extreme voices at the expense of a jobs bill or the first vote on a national manufacturing plan or the first vote to repair our crumbling roads and bridges, takes away the time to deal with those important issues and continues this House on the road to another repeal of the ACA. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, human sex trafficking continues to be a major problem plaguing both America and countries around the globe. 
The Department of Homeland Security cumulatively estimates there are approximately 1.4 million victims of sexual servitude at any one time on an international scale; furthermore, the FBI has estimated that over 300,000 American children are at risk of sexual exploitation and trafficking annually. 
on several pieces of legislation aimed at preventing and combating this horrific fact. I am proud to have cosponsored and voted in favor of several bills last week which diverted more financial and laborintensive resources to countering these atrocities. 
Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, and H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, among others. Each of these bills passed with overwhelming bipartisan 
support and will be commonsense steps in the path towards shutting down these operations. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support further actions that will further protect these vulnerable populations. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize Mrs. Angela Danison, a third grade teacher at Chassell Elementary School, as the Michigan Teacher of the Year. On behalf of all residents of northern Michigan, I wish to congratulate Mrs. Danison on earning this honorable distinction. 
Loved by her students, fellow teachers, and school administrators, Mrs. Danison’s dedication to teaching children is a credit to her hard work and attention to her students. Mrs. Danison decided that she wanted to help the next generation while she was still a high school student herself. She turned this dream into a successful, lifelong teaching career. 
Educators work so hard, and there is a lot 
of time where you just don’t feel worthy because there are a lot of other dedicated people working around you. 
Mrs. Danison is certainly a worthy recipient, and I applaud her hard work and dedication. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise with great sadness to express the loss of a true public servant. 
Mayor Pro Tem Vicky Chambers sustained serious injuries when a drunk driver hit her car headon on January 18. Tragically, Vicky succumbed to her injuries several days later. 
County in many capacities for well over a decade, including years on the Lula City Council. Vicky was well known for her volunteer activity. She generously gave her time to the Lula Area Betterment Association, the Lula Downtown Development Authority, Hall County and Banks County cemetery restoration, area animal rescue, and the Lula Historical Society. 
her optimism, and smiling face, but her legacy will live on in the northeast Georgia town she clearly loved. 
Vicky’s family, friends, and colleagues during this very difficult time. 
It is in tragedies like this that we remember public servants serve first those around us, and when they are gone, they are missed. 
PRESIDENT—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–3) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: 
After a breakthrough year for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis. More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before. We are as free from the grip of foreign oil as we’ve been in almost 30 years. Thanks to the hard work, resilience, and determination of the American people over the last six years, the shadow of crisis has passed. 
deficits, bustling industry, and booming energy production, we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other Nation on Earth. It’s now up to us to choose what kind of country we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come. Will we accept an economy where prosperity belongs to a few and opportunity remains out of reach for too many? Or will we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the effort? 
that middleclass economic works. We’ve reaffirmed one of our most fundamental values as Americans: that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, does their fair share, and plays by the same set of rules. 
designed to bring middleclass economics into the 21st Century. These proposals are practical, not partisan. They’ll help working families feel more secure with paychecks that go further, help American workers upgrade their skills, so they can compete for higher paying jobs, and help create the conditions for our businesses to keep generating good new jobs for our workers to fill. The Budget will do these things while fulfilling our most basic responsibility to keep Americans safe. We will make these investments and end the harmful spending cuts known as sequestration, by cutting inefficient spending, and closing tax loopholes. We 
will also put our Nation on a more sustainable fiscal path by achieving $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction, primarily from reforms in health programs, our tax code, and immigration. 
helping working families afford the cornerstones of economic security: child care, college, health care, a home, and retirement. We will help working families tackle the high costs of child care and make ends meet by tripling the maximum child care credit for middleclass families with young children, increasing it to up to $3,000 per child, expanding child care assistance to all eligible lowincome families with children under four by the end of 10 years, and making preschool available to all fouryearolds. 
class families more flexibility at work by encouraging States to develop paid family leave programs. Today, we’re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Fortythree million workers have no paid sick leave, which forces too many parents to make the gutwrenching choice between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. It’s time to change that. For many families in today’s economy, having both parents in the workforce isn’t a luxury, it’s an economic necessity. 
means making sure more Americans have the chance to earn the skills and education they need to keep earning higher wages down the road. The Budget calls for new investments and innovation that will expand preschool and invest in highquality early education for America’s youngest learners, provide more help to disadvantaged students and the schools that serve them, better prepare and support teachers, and transform our high schools so they help all students graduate prepared for college and career. 
In a 21st Century economy that rewards knowledge more than ever, our efforts must reach higher than high school. By the end of this decade, two thirds of job openings will require some higher education, and no American should be priced out of the education they need. Over the course of my Administration, we have increased Pell Grants, and the Budget continues to ensure that they will keep pace with inflation over time. The Budget also includes a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college tuition for responsible students, to zero. Forty percent of college students attend community college; some to learn a particular skill, others as a path to a four year degree. It is time for two years of college to become as free and universal in America as high school is today. 
chance to succeed, we also must work together to give our workers the chance to retool. Last year, the Congress came together and passed important improvements to the Nation’s job 
training system with the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. To build on this progress, the proposals in this Budget support more in person career counseling for unemployed workers and double the number of workers receiving training through the workforce development system. My plan would also expand the successful ‘‘learnasyouearn’’ approaches that our European counterparts use successfully by investing in the expansion of registered apprenticeships that allow workers to learn new skills while they are earning a paycheck. The Budget would also ensure that training leads 
to highquality jobs by investing in projects that feature strong employer partnerships, include workbased learning, and develop new employervalidated credentials. 
As we welcome home a new generation of returning heroes, the Budget makes sure they have the chance to live the American Dream they helped defend. It invests in the five pillars I have outlined to support our Nation’s veterans: providing the resources and funding they deserve; ensuring high quality and timely health care; getting veterans their earned benefits quickly and efficiently; ending veteran homelessness; and helping veterans and their families get good jobs, education, and access to affordable housing. 
creating the kind of environment that helps businesses start here, stay here, and hire here. We want to build on the growth we have seen in the manufacturing sector, where more than 750,000 new jobs have been created over the last 58 months. To create jobs, continue growth in the industry, and strengthen America’s leadership in advanced manufacturing technology, the Budget funds a national network of 45 manufacturing institutes, building on the nine already funded through 2015. As part of the manufacturing initiative, the Budget also launches a Scale Up Fund, funded through a publicprivate partnership to help ensure that if a technology is invented in the United States, it can be made in the United States. The Budget proposes an investment fund to help startup companies produce the goods they have developed. Taken together, these investments will help ensure that America keeps making things the rest of the world wants to buy and will also help create manufacturing jobs for the future. 
Our Nation thrives when we are leading the world with cuttingedge technology in manufacturing, infrastructure, clean energy, and other growing fields. That is why the Budget includes investments in cuttingedge advanced manufacturing research—to make sure we are leading the way in creating technology that supports our manufacturing sector; biomedical research— like our BRAIN initiative, which studies the brain to offer new insight into diseases like Alzheimer’s, and Precision Medicine, which can improve 
health outcomes and better treat diseases; or, agricultural research—looking at climate resilience and sustainability. These investments have the potential to create highwage jobs, improve lives, and open the door to new industries, resulting in sustainable economic growth. 
our Nation’s businesses and workers also need a stronger infrastructure that works in the new economy—modern ports, stronger bridges, better roads, faster trains, and better broadband. The Budget proposes to build a 21st Century infrastructure that creates jobs for thousands of construction workers and engineers, connects hardworking Americans to their jobs, and makes it easier for businesses to transport goods. The Budget would do more to repair and modernize our existing roads and bridges, while expanding transit systems to link communities and support workers. 
in middleclass pockets, raise wages, and bring more highpaying jobs to America. To pay for them, the Budget will cut inefficient spending and close tax loopholes to make sure that everyone pays their fair share. The Budget closes loopholes that punish businesses investing domestically and reward companies that keep profits abroad, and uses some of the savings created to rebuild our aging infrastructure. The Budget closes loopholes that perpetuate inequality by allowing the top one percent of Americans to avoid paying any taxes on their accumulated wealth and uses that money to help more young people go to college. The Budget simplifies the system so that a small business owner can file based on her actual bank statement, instead of the number of accountants she can afford. It is time for tax reform that at its core is about helping working families afford child care and college, and plan for retirement, and above all, get a leg up in the new economy. 
work here at home from challenges beyond our shores. By winding down the wars overseas and lowering war spending, we’ve strengthened our economy and shrunk our deficits. But we still face threats to our security that we must address. 
degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL. We are leading over 60 partners in a global effort that will take time and steady resolve. As I made clear in my State of the Union address, I am calling on the Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a bill to authorize the use of force against ISIL. 
counter Russian pressure and aggressive actions in concert with our European allies, by funding support for Ukraine’s democracy and efforts to reassure our NATO allies. 
that have consumed us in the past to shape the coming century. This Budget 
provides the resources we need to defend the Nation against cyberattacks. No foreign nation, no hacker, should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families. In addition to increasing funding to protect our Nation against cyberattacks, I continue to 
urge the Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to meet this evolving threat. 
confront the threat posed by infectious diseases like Ebola—here at home, and internationally. It provides resources to support the Global Health Security Agenda, increases funding to eradicate polio and other global health challenges, and creates a new Impact Fund for targeted global HIV/AIDS efforts. In addition, the Budget increases funding for domestic preparedness efforts to more effectively and efficiently respond to potential, future outbreaks here at home and dedicates funding for States to develop HIV Plans to help them reach the goals of the National HIV/AIDS Strategy. 
The Budget also capitalizes on historic opportunities in Asia and the Pacific—where we are modernizing alliances, opening new markets, and making sure that other nations play by the rules—in how they trade, resolve disputes, and do their part to confront the biggest challenges we face. 
to future generations than climate change. Fourteen of our planet’s 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century. The world’s best scientists are telling us that our activities are changing the climate, and if we do not act forcefully, we’ll continue to see rising oceans, longer, hotter heat waves, dangerous droughts and floods, and massive disruptions that can trigger greater migration, conflict, and hunger around the globe. The Pentagon says that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. And as discussed in the Budget, the significant costs to inaction on climate change hit the Federal Government’s bottomline directly, as worsening climate impacts create Government liabilities. That’s why this Budget takes action on climate by supporting the Climate Action Plan that I released in 2013 with investments to accelerate carbon pollution reductions, to build ontheground partnerships with local communities and help them put in place strategies for greater resilience to climate change impacts, and to support America’s leadership abroad on this important moral and fiscal issue. 
the Budget also supports my Management Agenda, which seeks to create a Government for the future that is more efficient, effective, and supportive of economic growth. The Budget includes initiatives to improve the service we provide to the American public; to leverage the Federal Government’s buying power to bring more value and efficiency to how we use taxpayer dollars; to open Government data and research to the private sector to drive innovation and economic growth; to promote smarter information technology; and, to attract and retain the best talent in the Federal workforce. The Budget includes proposals to consolidate and reorganize Government agencies to make them leaner and more efficient, and it increases the use of evidence and evaluation to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely on programs that work. 
economy, reduce deficits, and strengthen Social Security by passing comprehensive immigration reform. Last year, I took a series of executive actions to crack down on illegal immigration at the border; prioritize deporting felons, not families; and allow certain undocumented immigrants who register and pass criminal and national security background checks to start paying their fair share of taxes and stay in the United States without fear of deportation. I also took action to streamline the legal immigration system for talented STEM students, entrepreneurs, and business. These actions will raise average wages for all American workers and reduce the deficit. But this is only a first step toward real reform, and as I have said before, the Congress should act on the more comprehensive reform that only changes in the law can provide. Independent economists say immigration reform will grow our economy and shrink our deficits by almost $1 trillion over 20 years. It is time to fix our broken system and help grow our economy by passing comprehensive immigration reform. 
progress we have made ensuring that every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health insurance. The Affordable Care Act has helped to provide millions more Americans get covered. It has forced insurance companies to play by the rules by prohibiting discrimination for preexisting conditions and eliminating lifetime insurance caps. It has also helped to put our Nation on a more sustainable fiscal path by slowing the growth of health care costs. The Budget includes additional reforms and cost saving proposals to continue encouraging highquality and efficient health care. 
we invest in America’s future and commit ourselves to an economy that rewards hard work, generates rising incomes, and allows everyone to share in the prosperity of a growing America. It lays out a strategy to strengthen our middle class, and help America’s hard working families get ahead in a time of relentless economic and technological change. 
and six years after the darkest days of the financial crisis, we have picked 
begun again the work of remaking America. We’ve laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. This Budget will help us begin this new chapter together. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 361 would authorize grant recipients under the Homeland Security Grant or Urban Area Security Initiative Program to use funding to enhance medical preparedness and medical surge capacity. 
Management Agency already permits grantees to use these funds for such purposes. However, enactment of this measure into law will give some predictability to the grant recipients as they struggle to build and maintain medical response capabilities at the State and local levels. 
doctors, nurses, and emergency service personnel have responded to outbreaks of Ebola, measles, D68, and other contagious diseases. 
were the result of bioterrorism, they nevertheless served as a reminder that medical preparedness is a critical component of our national preparedness. 
I commend the gentleman from Florida for working with the Homeland Security Committee to make sure that medical preparedness continues to remain a priority at the Federal, State, and local level. 
I would be remiss if I did not take 
this time and opportunity to express my support for the reauthorization of the Metropolitan Medical Response System, which would provide dedicated funds to medical preparedness activities. 
be here today to discuss the use of grant funding, but overshadowing this debate is a more immediate obstacle to the effectiveness of DHS’ grant programs: the fact that Congress has not passed a fullyear funding for the Department of Homeland Security that the President can sign into law. 
piece entitled, ‘‘GOP holds security hostage to immigration.’’ It underscores the urgent need for gamesmanship over immigration to be put aside for the betterment of national security. 
us today, I would note that, without funding, neither the Urban Area Security Initiative nor the State Homeland Security Grant Program will be working to build medical preparedness capabilities, or any other capability, at the State and local level. 
will tell you: These grant programs are essential to building, maintaining, and exercising important preparedness capabilities. 
District, I have seen firsthand how these programs have bolstered capabilities, both in Newark and Jersey City. Delays or cuts to these programs only punish first responders and medical services personnel, and the citizens whom they are charged with protecting. 
to pass a bill that the president can sign ensuring adequate funding for the Department of Homeland Security and its 280,000 employees before the agency’s support expires Feb. 27? Are they ready to let funding lapse, secure in the knowledge that Border Patrol officers, Secret Service agents, airport security personnel and other socalled essential employees would still have to report to work—even though they would not be drawing paychecks? 
A number of prominent Republican lawmakers clearly believe that denying funding to the nation’s premier organ of domestic security is no big deal, as long as the move expresses the GOP’s anger about President Obama’s executive actions on immigration. 
to Politico: Letting the department’s funding lapse would not be ‘‘the end of the world.’’ 
as news to Americans concerned about the risk of terrorism in the wake of attacks in Paris, Ottawa, Sydney and elsewhere. It certainly came as news to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh C. Johnson, as well as his three predecessors—Democrat Janet Napolitano and Republicans Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge—all of whom have warned GOP lawmakers not to conflate essential funding for the department with the political fight over immigration. 
House Republicans were deaf to such appeals. Last month, they passed a bill furnishing the department with $40 billion in 
funding through September, the end of the current budget year. But they attached provisions to that bill, certain to draw a presidential veto, that would kill the administration’s plan to temporarily protect several million undocumented immigrants from deportation and repeal a program, in force since 2012, that offers a similar shield to people brought here illegally as children. 
the president’s most recent unilateral moves on immigration, which we happen to agree represent executive overreach. If congressional Republicans want to attack those actions responsibly, with discrete legislation, they are free to try—though they are unlikely to muster the votes to override a presidential veto. 
frustration over immigration as a cudgel, holding hostage an entire department of government that is critical to the nation’s security. That is as irresponsible as it is politically ill advised. 
McConnell (RKy.) announced the body would consider the House bill this week, a sign that the GOP is persisting with its game of chicken. The bill is unlikely to attract the necessary 60 votes for passage, which would require a halfdozen Democratic defections. But there is no shortage of Republican lawmakers who would rather try to antagonize the president than carry out the workaday task of funding the government. In the absence of a bill, the department’s 
funding lapses in less than a month. What happens in the intervening weeks will indicate whether Republicans are more interested in gamesmanship or governance. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), the sponsor of this legislation. 
to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) as well. I also want to 
thank the ranking member for doing such a great job and working on this piece of legislation. 
I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 361, 
the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act. This legislation would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that grant funds under the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Area Security Initiative may be used to enhance medical preparedness and purchase medical countermeasures. 
Preparedness Allowable Use Act in 2012 after a series of hearings on medical countermeasures when I proudly served as chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
legislation was highlighted when we received numerous testimonies from the emergency response community on the importance of stockpiling medical countermeasures in the event of a WMD attack. 
said, their families, and immediate victims of widespread terrorist attacks on our homeland and natural disasters, resources similar to those provided to postal workers participating in the national U.S. Postal Medical Countermeasures Dispensing Pilot Program. 
Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Area Security Initiative currently permits this funding to be used to procure medical countermeasures. It also allows for other medical preparedness and medical surge capacity equipment and activities. 
on an annual basis. There is no guarantee that these uses will be authorized in the future. 
new funding is authorized in this bill. However, the expenditures authorized and codified by the bill we are considering today can make a big difference in protecting the public. 
If we are not safe, Mr. Speaker, nothing else matters. 
emergency responders in the event of an attack, providing certainty that grant funding may be used to support them now and in the future. We must have certainty. I consistently find myself in awe of 
our first responders and the sacrifices that they make on the public’s behalf. In the wake of recent terrorist attacks, such as the Boston Marathon bombing, I am committed to ensuring Congress fulfills its obligation to support those brave men and women responding to these various threats. 
I thank my colleagues, Representative SUSAN BROOKS and Representative 
PETER KING, for being original cosponsors and for their continued support with this legislation. I would also like to commend the chairman of the full Homeland Security Committee, Chairman MCCAUL, for his leadership in 
making this initiative a priority and also for being a cosponsor of this good bill. 
Emergency Services Coalition for Medical Preparedness continues to endorse this bill and its intent. 
Use Act passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support in the last two Congresses; however, the Senate never acted on this measure. With new leadership in the Senate, Mr. 
Speaker, I am hopeful that they can take this measure up quickly so that we can get this before the President to be signed into law. 
our communities are prepared, equipped, and capable of executing countermeasures for future terrorist threats and natural disasters. Passage of H.R. 361 would truly aid our first responders in this endeavor. 
further requests for time on my side. If my colleague on the other side is ready to close, I am as well. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time and am prepared to close. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act is a good bill, and it has my support. 
given us a piece of commonsense legislation, and this is the type of legislation, when it comes to keeping our Nation safe during times of attack or natural disaster, that we need. 
sides of the aisle to support the passage of a clean DHS funding bill so that the States and urban areas across the country can continue building and maintaining critical preparedness capabilities. 
Again, I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) 
for working with us on this issue, and I congratulate him on a wonderful bill that ensures that our Nation continues to be prepared in times of disaster. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, this bill enjoyed 
I hope Members will once again express their support for the men and women who protect us every day by voting for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act that was introduced by Congressman BILIRAKIS . Over the years, 
the Committee on Homeland Security has heard about the importance of medical countermeasures. 
of 2002 to make it clear that grant funds under the State Homeland Security Grant Program and Urban Area Security Initiative may be used to enhance medical preparedness and purchase medical countermeasures. We owe it to our emergency response community, our first responders, to ensure that they have every tool necessary to be prepared for and combat the threats they face every day and may face in the future. 
Over the years, we have seen that the investments in medical preparedness activities have provided positive benefits when it comes to response capabilities. This was clearly demonstrated in the response to the Boston Marathon bombings when the medical community was largely praised by all involved in the response. The Committee on Homeland Security heard testimony last year from the head of Boston Emergency Medical Services, Chief Hooley, who spoke about the importance of Homeland Security grant funding in their preparation for events such as the Boston Marathon Bombing. 
Sadly, we realize that the threat of a biological or chemical or other attack is real. We therefore must do everything that we can to ensure that our first responders are prepared to combat the threat. 
the 112th and the 113th Congress with overwhelming bipartisan support. I ask my colleagues to support this measure and my colleagues in the Senate to do the same 
strong support of H.R. 361, the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act for two reasons. 
First, the bill will save lives. Second, the legislation is necessary to support the vital work of first responders in the event of a biological and chemical terrorists attack or incident. 
and maintenance of an initial pharmaceutical stockpile, including medical kits, and diagnostics sufficient to protect first responders, their families, and immediate victims from a chemical or biological event. 
Act will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for: enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis capabilities. 
have necessary medicines and treatments to protect themselves, their families and those within their vicinity immediately should a biological and chemical terrorist attack occur. 
In short, first responders will not be able to 
do the work of saving lives if they fall victim to an attack or are distracted by worry regarding how their family may be fairing during a biological or chemical attack should one occur. First responders often include law enforcement officers, fire fighters, and emergency medical personnel. 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has an evening population of nearly two million people and over three million during the day when commuters are in the city. 
city of Houston with most offering ambulance or medic support, but there is only one station Number 22 that Specializes in Hazardous Material. 
In the city of Houston one out of every ten 
citizens use Emergency Management Services (EMS) and within a year there are over 200,000 EMS incidents involving over 225,000 patients or potential patients. 
Houston EMS vehicles, with just under fifty percent staffed by two paramedics and can provide Advanced Life Support (ALS) to patients. 
ALS transport units with eight functioning in a ‘‘Dual’’ capacity as both Advanced Life Support and Basic Life Support (BLS). 
Basic Life Support (BLS), and staffed by two Emergency Medical Technicians. 
city of Houston include the Houston Police Department, Harris County Sheriff’s Department, Harris County Constables, Port of Houston Authority Police and Corrections Officers. 
Because of the nature of chemical or biological terrorist attacks mass casualties are the objective and the impressive resources of our nation’s 4th largest city would likely be overwhelmed immediately should an attack occur it is important to provide them with the resources provided by this legislation. 
of medicines that can support pulmonary respiratory function or arrest neurological damage as a result of poisoning lives can be saved that could otherwise be lost. This bill can reduce deaths and give victims the greatest chance for survival and recovery. 
would have treatments in the communities where they serve and live to help neighbors, coworkers, and people who are immediate need to live saving help. 
As a senior member of the House Homeland Security Committee, I am mindful of the need for our first responders to be prepared and well trained to manage a wide range of potential threats both conventional and unconventional. 
be available to first responders to do the work they have dedicated their lives to doing—saving lives. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 361 the Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act for two reasons. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 615) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Interoperable Communications Act’’. 
in radio communications among the components of the Department, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
including current and planned policies, directives, and training, of the Department since November 1, 2012, to achieve and maintain interoperable communications among 
planned efforts and activities of the Department to achieve and maintain such interoperable communications. 
the adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary for Management to enforce and compel compliance with interoperable communications policies and directives of the Department. 
the Department to implement interoperable communications policies and directives of the Department. 
the Department since November 1, 2012, and projected future expenditures, to achieve interoperable communications, including on equipment, infrastructure, and maintenance. 
interoperability is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones that correspond to the achievement of each such mode of communication. 
Not later than 220 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act and biannually thereafter, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the status of efforts, since the issuance of the strategy required under section 3, to implement such strategy, including the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act, introduced by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), 
the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
This bill amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to include, among the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Under Secretary for Management, achieving and maintaining interoperable communications among the Department’s components. 
recommendations of a November 2012 DHS Office of Inspector General report, which stated that the Department does not have the appropriate oversight or governance structure to ensure communications interoperability among its components. 
The Department has been in the forefront on working with stakeholders to provide our Nation’s first responders with the resources and tools needed to have effective interoperable communications. Now the Department needs to practice what they preach. It is vital that the Department’s components are able to effectively communicate day to day and, most importantly, during emergencies. 
southwest border and met with men and women from the Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, and the Coast Guard who are on the front lines of our efforts to secure the border. It is vital that they have the ability to communicate with one another and personnel from other DHS components as they work to achieve their vital missions. 
taking the necessary steps to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities, H.R. 615 requires the Department’s Under Secretary for Management to submit an interoperable communications strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security no later than 120 days after enactment. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act. My goal today is to put the Department of Homeland Security 
responders raced to Lower Manhattan, to an area that came to be known as Ground Zero. In the days that followed, first responders from neighboring jurisdictions, including Jersey City, responded to help with response and recovery efforts. 
Not long after these devastating attacks, concerns were raised about the interoperability gaps that existed between responders on that deadly September day. The 9/11 Commission identified improving interoperable communications at all levels of government as a pressing recommendation. They emphasized that both technology and governance are critical components of interoperable solutions and recognized DHS as the Federal agency responsible for spearheading such an effort. 
has been invested in achieving interoperable communications at the State and local level, we are still not there. At DHS, over $430 million has been invested into communication capabilities for its 123,000 radio users since 2003. However, in 2012, the Department’s own top watchdog, the Office of Inspector General, found that DHS ‘‘personnel do not have reliable interoperable communications for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies.’’ 
testified before the Homeland Security Subcommittee that, out of 479 field radios that attempted to communicate on a specific channel, only one user could do so. That is a 99.8 percent failure rate. 
are attributed to technology or a lack of resources. But here, technology is not the culprit; it is the scapegoat. Indeed, the inspector general found that DHS had not established protocols to ensure that practices are in place to achieve interoperability throughout the Department. 
H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Communications Act, which I introduced with the gentlewoman from Indiana, Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS , the 
former chair of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee, would direct the Under Secretary for Management to issue policies and directives related to interoperability, develop a strategy to achieve DHSwide interoperability, and report to Congress biannually on the Department’s progress. 
essential to emergency response and Homeland Security operations. The men and women in uniform that serve and protect the 10th Congressional District of New Jersey never miss an opportunity to remind me of something we already know: interoperable communications save lives during disasters. 
Interoperable communications challenges must be addressed in a timely and thoughtful manner. Last Congress, 
legislation identical to the measure before you today. Enactment of H.R. 615 into law would put DHS on the path to achieving interoperability. 
I would like to thank the former subcommittee chairwoman, SUSAN  
work with me on this measure. I will miss working with her on this panel. 
and the new chairwoman of the subcommittee, Ms. MCSALLY , for their 
I urge my colleagues to support improving interoperable communications at DHS by voting. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the distinguished gentlelady from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), the former 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act. 
this bill with the fine gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications last Congress when I chaired the subcommittee. 
I am very pleased to see this bill on 
the floor today, and I want to thank Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member T HOMPSON for bringing it back to 
The need for interoperable communications was highlighted, as the Congressman from New Jersey noted, by the 9/11 Commission after the September 11 terrorist attacks. We know that much progress has been made by first responders across the country in gaining interoperability, and the Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network that is being developed by the First Responder Network Authority will further contribute to these capabilities. 
Homeland Security inspector general’s November 2012 report illustrated, the Department, itself, has not made sufficient progress in addressing its own interoperable communications capabilities. 
issue by requiring the Department’s Under Secretary for Management to develop a strategy for achieving and maintaining interoperable communications between the DHS components. It requires DHS, as you have learned, to report to Congress on the progress it is making toward achieving milestones. 
set up Indiana’s AntiTerrorism Advisory Council after 9/11 and Indiana’s first fusion center, I know firsthand 
the importance of seamless communication between first responders, especially in times of crisis, including those in the Department of Homeland Security. 
on interoperability can have serious consequences for public safety across our country. That is why Congress must hold our various law enforcement agencies, particularly those in Federal Government, accountable for communicating clearly with one another to ensure we eliminate confusion, duplication, and discord among those most necessary when lives are on the line. 
from New Jersey’s bill does, and that is why I encourage my colleagues to support, once again, this very important piece of legislation, and I thank him for his leadership. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency. 
I am glad to have her join us here in 
Congress for her great ability in the State legislature, and she has removed me from being the lowest member in the delegation, off the bottom. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague from New Jersey and fellow member of the Committee on Homeland Security, Mr. PAYNE , and obviously my senior for 
of Ranking Member P AYNE ’s legislation, H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Communications Act. This commonsense, bipartisan legislation builds upon recommendations made by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security by requiring DHS to develop a strategy for achieving interoperable communications among the Department’s components. 
During an emergency, be that a terrorist attack or natural disaster such as Superstorm Sandy that devastated my home State of New Jersey, it is essential that first responders are able to communicate. 
of the Department of Homeland Security are able to communicate with one another at all times. H.R. 615, as introduced by my colleague from New Jersey and before us on the floor today, seeks to make that aspiration a reality. 
since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, we have still not reached the day where interoperable communications is a universal reality among State, local, and Federal agencies. Ranking Member PAYNE ’s bill 
puts us on a path to fixing that reality as it relates to the Department of Homeland Security. 
Importantly, the bill clarifies and enhances the Department’s Under Secretary for Management’s responsibility 
for achieving and maintaining interoperable communications among the components of DHS. By doing so, the bill focuses this important mission and will aid Congress in conducting the oversight necessary to see that the policy goals of the bill are achieved. 
As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, I look forward to conducting robust oversight of DHS’ operations in many areas, including interoperable communications. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) 
for his work on this legislation and urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 615, the DHS Interoperable Communications Act. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. If the gentleman from New Jersey has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentleman does. 
talk to FEMA and the Coast Guard during an emergency, be it a terrorist incident or natural disaster. For that reason, the achievement of crosscomponent interoperable communications is essential to DHS’ being able to carry out its mission. 
to addressing the oversight findings of the inspector general and the Committee on Homeland Security about a serious operational gap at the Department of Homeland Security: interoperability. 
bipartisan measure passed the House unanimously last Congress. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 615. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is vital that the various component agencies at the Department of Homeland Security be able to communicate on a daily basis and particularly in times of crisis. This bill will help to ensure these capabilities are implemented and maintained. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
support of H.R. 615, the Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act for three reasons. The bill would address interoperability among information technology systems and radio communications systems to exchange voice, data, and video in real time. 
First, the bill will save lives of first responders and those they seek to help. Second, the legislation is necessary to create a seamless level of communication among Department of Homeland Security components that are first responders to a terrorist attack, natural 
technological challenges of bridging the communication divide between different communications systems used by first responders within the Department of Homeland Security. 
As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. 
2001, was compounded by communication failures among the brave first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to address first responder communication interoperability challenges. 
single day was the greatest loss of first responders at any single event in U.S. History: 
37 Port Authority Police Department officers; 15 EMTs; and 3 court officers were casualties of the attacks. 
The need for this bill authored by Congressman PAYNE is evident. 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a nighttime population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. 
Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weather or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005). 
There are over 200,000 EMS incidents involving over 225,000 patients or potential patients annually. On the average, EMS responds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each EMS response is made by one of 88 City of Houston EMS vehicles. 
In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Department lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, Engineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Firefighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. 
Throughout the history of the Houston Police Department over 110 officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
Each member of the House of Representatives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way. This bill will offer additional resources to the first responders of the Department of Homeland Security. 
of 2002 to include among the responsibilities of the Under Secretary for Management responsibilities with respect to policies and directives to achieve and maintain interoperable 
communications among the components of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). 
would submit to the House and Senate Homeland Security Committees a strategy, which shall be updated as necessary, for achieving and maintaining interoperable communications, including for daily operations, planned events, and emergencies, with corresponding milestones, that includes: 
radio communications DHS components, as of this Act’s enactment date; 
information on DHS efforts and activities, including current and planned policies, directives, and training, since November 1, 2012, to achieve and maintain interoperable communications, and planned efforts and activities to achieve and maintain interoperable communications; 
adequacy of mechanisms available to the Under Secretary to enforce and compel compliance with interoperable communications policies and directives of DHS; 
since November 1, 2012, and projected future expenditures, to achieve interoperable communications; and 
is projected to be achieved for voice, data, and video communications, respectively, and interim milestones. 
Homeland Security would conduct a survey of intraagency efforts or task forces that have been delegated responsibilities for achieving and maintaining interoperable communications, and report on the status of these efforts, including: 
progress on each interim milestone; information on any policies, directives, guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security; 
adoption, and participation among the DHS components with the policies, directives, guidance, and training established by the Under Secretary; and 
Homeland Security’s first responders are prepared to meet the challenges of manmade or natural disasters. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
of H.R. 615, the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act that was introduced by the Congressman PAYNE . I 
this legislation that will begin to solve a problem that continues to plague the Department 
This measure was written to address a November 2012 DHS Office of Inspector General report, which found that DHS lacks an effective governance structure to ensure interoperable communications among its components. This is unacceptable, and an issue that should be fixed, especially after the Department has been in existence for well over a decade. 
Homeland Security must be able to communicate on a daily basis, and particularly in times of crisis. One of the benefits of have a Department of Homeland Security should be that components, including FEMA, ICE, and CBP, are able to act as one department and communicate at will. 
Secretary of Management to submit a strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security on achieving and maintaining interoperability within the Department. 
on a bipartisan vote and I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Media 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
media working group (in this section referred to as the ‘Group’). 
‘‘(aa) law enforcement; ‘‘(bb) fire services; ‘‘(cc) emergency management; and ‘‘(dd) public health entities; ‘‘(II) universities and academia; and ‘‘(III) nonprofit disaster relief organizations. 
days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Group shall hold its initial meeting. Such initial meeting may be held virtually. 
each year, the Group shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
learned on the use of social media during the response to terrorist attacks and other emergencies that occurred during the period covered by the report at issue. 
awareness of the type of information disseminated through social media, and how to access such information, during a terrorist attack or other emergency. 
with the private sector to discuss and resolve legal, operational, technical, privacy, and security concerns.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 623. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act of 2015. 
the Nation is communicating before, during, and after terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and other emergencies. There are countless examples from recent events of how citizens are turning to Facebook, Twitter, and even Instagram for public safety information, to comfort survivors, and to request assistance. 
most recent winter storm Juno in the Northeast, there were over 20,000 posts using the hashtag #blizzardof2015. 
A quarter of Americans—let me repeat that—a quarter of Americans got information about the devastating terrorist attack at the 2013 Boston Marathon from Facebook and Twitter. 
and during the manhunt, the Boston Police Department utilized social 
media as a way to communicate with and solicit information from citizens and visitors. 
In fact, the first official announcement that Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had been captured was not through a traditional press conference, but it was through the Boston Police Department’s Twitter account. That post was retweeted more than 135,000 times. 
media has become one of the primary ways we share information. 
chair of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications with the gentleman from New Jersey as my ranking member. Our subcommittee held two hearings that focused on this new phenomenon, and we learned that while the Nation is making great strides in this area, gaps and challenges remain. 
hearings was that during and after a terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other emergency, there is still a need for better communication between the public sector and the private sector, specifically with how we utilize social media as a communication tool. 
am pleased now to reintroduce the bill this Congress. 
issues we heard in our hearings by authorizing and enhancing the Department of Homeland Security’s Virtual Social Media Working Group to ensure information sharing between the Department and appropriate stakeholders and the leveraging of best practices. 
Working Group, which is made up mostly of State and local officials, is doing great work in developing guidance documents on how to utilize social media during disasters. In fact, it produced a lessons learned paper on social media usage during Hurricane Sandy. 
group’s stakeholder participation, particularly among the private sector and Federal response agencies, thereby creating a Whole Community dialogue on this issue. 
submit an annual report to Congress highlighting best practices, lessons learned, and any recommendations. Finally, this bill will require the group to meet in person or virtually at least twice a year, and it will not be a financial burden on the Department. 
In today’s day and age, when new social media platforms and technologies can change the game almost instantly, we must ensure our critical first responders are nimble enough to adapt to an everchanging landscape. This group is one way to help facilitate this. 
The House passed this bill last Congress with strong bipartisan support. I now want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  
and Chairman B ARLETTA of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working with the Committee on Homeland Security and me to get this bill to the floor today. 
me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and commend Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
the Social Media Working Group Act of 2013 which addresses an emerging and important topic in emergency management. 
media, especially Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, playing a critical role in the preparedness, response, and recovery operations in emergency situations. 
has become a valuable tool that has been used by emergency managers at all levels to warn those in harm’s way of impending natural disasters. I might add that the same could occur in terrorist disasters. 
survivors of how to access disaster assistance and tips for speedier recovery. Equally important, social media has been used to coordinate and manage assistance from nonprofits and volunteers who want to help in recovery efforts. 
who use social media regarding emergencies. Individuals have used social media to help identify locations where assistance may still be needed and to raise awareness of impending hazards. They have used it to communicate with loved ones who may be impacted by an event, as well as to reconnect pets with their owners. 
It was no different here in the District of Columbia, Mr. Speaker, after 9/11, and I refer to the earthquake centered in Mineral, Virginia, but certainly felt in every part of the Nation’s Capital. 
jammed, residents turned to social media to communicate. Within minutes of that earthquake, Twitter noted that over 40,000 earthquakerelated tweets were sent about the occurrence. 
Security established the Virtual Social Media Working Group to provide recommendations on how to use social media before, during, and after emergencies. The existing working group consists of emergency responders, nonprofit organizations, and Federal agencies. 
group to make certain that their good work continues. To allow for broader 
representation, the bill expands the working group membership to include the private sectors and requires consultation with nonmembers. To ensure accountability, the bill requires an annual report to Congress on important issues such as best practices and lessons learned. It would also provide recommendations on various issues, including how to improve the use of social media for emergency management purposes. 
This is a very timely bill, Mr. Speaker. It will assist in informing the public of critical emergency information which may well save lives and reduce injuries. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
floor, I tweeted and Facebooked that I would be on the floor managing this bill. We are used to Tweeting and Facebooking our every movement, usually for fun—and yes, even to come on the floor. 
whether, after we had the tragic accident last month in our Metro system when we lost one life—and we know for sure communication between the District of Columbia fire, emergency, and Metro was informed—I will be very interested to know whether Facebook, Twitter, and other forms of social media were helpful. I cannot believe they were not. 
We all think of social media for social fun. What is important about the bill that my two colleagues, Representative BROOKS and Representative 
PAYNE , have brought to us is, of course, 
may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), a cosponsor of 
thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a series of hearings examining how the Internet can positively impact disaster response at all levels. 
Over the course of these hearings, industry stakeholders, who included Google.org, Palantir, and the Internet Association, provided testimony about how the Internet helped galvanize citizens affected by disasters—from the Boston Marathon bombings to Hurricane Sandy. 
We also heard from an energy services company headquartered in my district, PSE&G, that was recognized by J.D. Power and Associates for its innovative use of social media in the days leading up to and following Hurricane Sandy. PSE&G used social media to communicate with its customers about 
how to prepare for the storm and to mitigate damage and about power restoration efforts afterward. 
lessons learned about using social media during disaster response—ranging from using the right tone in messages to preparing social media companies to handle the increased volume of messages. 
In those hearings, we also took testimony from Federal, State, and local governments about how to use social media more effectively to provide disasterrelated information to be better integrated into disaster response applications. 
officials on efforts to improve the use of social media following a terrorist attack or natural disaster. 
I was pleased to work with thenSubcommittee Chairwoman SUSAN BROOKS  
on this oversight effort and ultimately on the bill to ensure that the important conversation about how to best use social media following a disaster can continue. 
an identical version of this bill on the House floor on behalf of the Committee on Homeland Security. That measure, H.R. 4263, passed the House on suspension, as I hope will occur with H.R. 623. 
committee was able to work with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to ensure that H.R. 623 gets considered early this Congress. That said, I am disappointed that this time around, under the rules of the House, the committee that developed the legislation, in response to extensive oversight findings, was not given the opportunity to present it in the full House on its own. 
That said, I congratulate Subcommittee Chairwoman BROOKS on the 
success of her efforts to ensure that Federal, State, and local governments continue to work with the private sector and nonprofit disaster response providers to develop innovative uses of social media. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 623. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlelady from the District of Columbia and the gentleman from New Jersey for continuing this important work that we began last year. 
Cross shortly after Hurricane Sandy where we learned about the important role that social media had played and the growing role that it played and the fact that they have digital volunteers now who continue to work on behalf of saving lives. 
I just want to thank all of those who 
have been supportive of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in once again supporting this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the sponsor and cosponsor 
As we see the kinds of, really, unheard of events we are experiencing, it seems to us often that phones and cell phones are so 20th century. Twitter and Facebook are the functional equivalent for many Americans of 911. So today on this floor, I think we are resolved that social media are, to be sure, often about fun and games, but they may also be about life and death. 
ask Members for its support here in the House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and the gentleman from New Jersey in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 423, ‘‘The Social Media Working Group Act of 2014,’’ which would establish within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) a social media working group. 
The Social Media Working Group would provide guidance and best practices to the emergency preparedness and response community on the use of social media technologies before, during, and after a terrorist attack. 
enabled communications to engage and be engaged in personal, professional and commercial communications. 
committed resources toward the preparation of our first responders and citizens in preventing, mitigating and responding to terrorist events. 
pace with the rapid changing nature of the Internet. Part of this requires that Congress ensure that the Department of Homeland Security and especially the Federal Emergency Management Agency can reach citizens in new ways so that critical information is received in a timely manner. 
phones running Apple Computer’s iOS and the open source Android operating system, accounted for at least 40 percent of the mobile devices used in the United States. 
consumers spent over $109 billion, while consumers of landlinetelephone service spent $64.4 billion. 
reports that this trend is expected accelerate as United States consumers participate in a worldwide trend towards mobile communication devices and away from traditional means of receiving and sending information. 
the other fully enabled portable Internet devices, smartphones are increasingly a resource for people to access information, share content, and communicate their views. 
source of information that citizens rely upon to receive news and engage government. 
The number of people using social networking sites has nearly doubled since 2008. 
Project reported that 79 percent of American adults said they used the Internet and 59 percent of all Internet users say they use at least 
one of social networking service, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Instagram. 
The reasons for supporting this bill are obvious and I ask my colleagues in the House to vote for its passage. 
support of H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act of 2015, which was introduced by Congresswoman BROOKS , Congressman 
before, during and after disasters. This becomes more and more obvious after every incident and was especially prevalent both after Hurricane Sandy and the Boston bombings. Almost two years ago, when two pressure cooker bombs exploded at the finish line of 
the Boston Marathon, local emergency managers and law enforcement turned to social media to alert the public, solicit assistance, and offer comfort to the city. Incidents like these point to the fact that authorities must embrace the use of social media as a way to both collect and disseminate information in the management of a disaster. 
American Red Cross with the author of this legislation, Congresswoman BROOKS . One of 
the highlights of our visit was the Red Cross Digital Disaster Operations Center, where, in partnership with Dell, the Red Cross built the firstever social media operations center for humanitarian relief. I was impressed to see how the Red Cross is communicating with disaster survivors through social media and how social media is changing the way we are able to prepare for and respond to disasters. 
Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response and Communications held two hearings on the impact of social media before, during and after disasters. These hearings informed the writing of this legislation which authorizes and enhances the Department’s Virtual Social Media Working Group to ensure best practices and lessons learned are shared with appropriate stakeholders, including the private sector, and ensure our first responders understand the ever changing dynamic of using social media. 
almost 400 votes in the 113th Congress, demonstrating its importance and bipartisan support. I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill today. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) at 6 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, on February 2, 2015, due to weather, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes 51– 53. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call 51—Yes on H.R. 361—Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act; On Roll Call 52—Yes on H.R. 615—Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act; On Roll Call 53—Yes on H.R. 623—Social Media Working Group Act of 2015. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 51, 52 and 53. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote numbers 51, 52 and 53. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 51– 
53, I was unavoidably detained due to cancelled flights out of Chicago. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 596, REPEAL OF THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–13) on the resolution (H. Res. 70) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be and are hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Deutch, and Mr. Larson of Connecticut. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
ZINKE). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
ROTUNDA OF THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO JACK NICKLAUS 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 12, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO JACK NICKLAUS. 
authorized to be used on March 24, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw your attention to CoOpportunity Health, one of 23 insurance coops created by ObamaCare. These plans have been awarded approximately $2 billion in taxpayer dollars. CoOpportunity specifically received $146 million in Federal loans. 
On December 23, 2014, the Iowa insurance commissioner submitted a petition for an order of rehabilitation of CoOpportunity Health. The company now faces liquidation. 
Approximately 120,000 of CoOpportunity’s customers, most of whom live in Nebraska, have been told they need to find a new insurance carrier. I am extremely concerned about this situation for Nebraskans needing health coverage and for the taxpayers who have seen millions of dollars lost and millions more put at risk. This is one more example of ObamaCare’s failure. 
Secretary Burwell seeking more information about these concerns. Americans were promised they could keep the insurance they had and liked, and now we are seeing they cannot even keep the insurance this very law created. 
This is one more reason I look forward to voting tomorrow to repeal this harmful law. 
give reassurance and hope to Sandy Collins and the family of the mayor of Toledo, Mike Collins, who, yesterday, was involved in a very serious automotive accident. He apparently had a heart attack while he was driving after trying to prepare the city crews for the level 3 snowfall that was about to come. 
has saved his life, though he is in critical condition at the University of Toledo Medical Center. A woman named Evelyn Johnson—mother of eight children and grandmother of five—saw his SUV that had crashed into this telephone pole. She stopped her car on her way to work, and she and another man, a good Samaritan who came along, had to pry him out of the car. It was still running. He still had his foot on the gas, but he was completely unconscious. She and the other gentleman administered CPR at the direction of the 911 crew in the city of Toledo. 
the love and the care and the preparedness that they demonstrated to care for our mayor. We pray to God that he will fully recover and that his injuries will be healed. We give comfort to his wife, Sandy. We know she is at his side. Our entire community reaches out to them. And we congratulate Mrs. Johnson for her incredible heroism in helping our mayor. CHASKA STUDENT COUNCIL TAKING ACTION TO END TRAFFICKING 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week, the House passed 12 different bills combating the growing crime of sex trafficking by protecting victims and bringing traffickers to justice. 
In addition to the action that Congress is taking, however, it takes people on the ground, in our communities, stepping up to deal with this issue. I would like to highlight some of the efforts that are being done by some students in Chaska, Minnesota, who are making efforts to put an end to this horrible problem. 
Council, led by senior Luke Standbrook, is helping fight sex trafficking by organizing assemblies to help fellow students know the signs of trafficking in their community. They are also organizing fundraisers to help raise money for organizations that help victims of human trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, it is rewarding and energizing to know that there are young leaders like Luke in the senior student council who are working to have such a strong impact in putting an end to this horrific crime, and I am proud of their efforts. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I sent a letter to the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control requesting an alert to the public that highlights the importance of our children becoming vaccinated for this outbreak of measles, particularly the MMR. 
large multistate measles outbreak that started in California in December of 2014 and has spread to six additional States and Mexico. From December 28, Mr. Speaker, through January 21, 2015, 51 confirmed cases linked to this outbreak have been reported to the CDC: 42 from California and nine from six other States—three in Utah, two in Washington, one in Oregon, one in Colorado, one in Nebraska, and one in Arizona. 
The most disturbing aspect of this outbreak is that 86 percent of the patients who have contracted the disease had either been unvaccinated or had an unknown vaccination status. The outbreak is aggravated by the large number of children whose parents have chosen not to get the MMR vaccine. 
What I want to focus on, Mr. Speaker, is for us to be cautious and for us to be able to do the right thing. The saddest case was an 8monthold baby in 
a member of the Homeland Security Committee, and find a way to alert parents to make the right decision for their children. I will be continuing to work on this and have asked my own community to send out an alert to help save those children and the others who are vulnerable to the measles outbreak. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as California enters what looks like its fourth year of a severe drought, we need to take action so that when we do finally get rain once again, we will be able to store it. 
been talked about for many, many years in northern California that would store nearly 2 million acrefeet of water in its best possible configuration. So we need to take that action. A little bit later on in this session, we will be introducing legislation to authorize that. 
Reclamation in putting the funding forward to finish the feasibility studies that are necessary to go from talk, from dream, to getting construction going and having the water reservoirs that we need for California to stave off drought in the future years. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) is recognized for 60 
unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
begin by welcoming our new members and by thanking the gentlewoman from Ohio, Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE , 
for her leadership of the Congressional Black Caucus during the 113th Congress. Thanks to her dedication and tireless work, this caucus is better positioned to address the diverse challenges of the African American community. 
chair, the Honorable Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD of North Carolina. I am 
confident that he will do a great job leading this caucus with steadfast commitment to justice and to building an America that works for everyone. Let me also thank my counterpart, 
CBC Special Orders this year. I am truly honored to take on this new role, and I look forward to working with her as we help carry out the critical mission of this caucus. 
midst of the civil rights movement, hundreds of brave men and women gathered in Selma, Alabama, to begin a long, arduous march to Montgomery in support of the fundamental truth: that every American, regardless of what they look like, has the right to vote. 
set out from Selma following the death of 26yearold Jimmie Lee Jackson, a deacon from Marion, Alabama, who died from gunshot wounds inflicted by a State trooper at a nonviolent demonstration. 
march, but it was met with fierce brutality. It would take the marchers two more attempts to arrive at Montgomery; but on March 25, after a 12day journey, they did arrive. 
significant strides in achieving equality and justice for all, but significant challenges remain unmet. Tonight, we will examine where we have come from, where we are, and where we would like to go as a society. We must be ready to go. 
of voter registration efforts in the South. At the time, only 2 percent of the city’s eligible African American voters had been able to register. The impact of Selma to the Montgomery march was profound. 
the voting rights legislation of 1965.’’ The Voting Rights Act of 1965 banned discriminatory voting requirements that disenfranchised African American voters throughout this country; yet, today, the dream of full equality is still something many African Americans can only dream of. 
the end of the recession, people still struggle to find work, and the gap between the rich and poor continues to grow. For African Americans, this situation is severe, given the disproportionate effect of unemployment on our communities. 
widespread poverty, a defining challenge of our time. This persistent economic inequality threatens to undercut the gains that African American communities have made, and it undermines the idea of economic mobility, the idea that if you work hard in this country and have ambition, you can get ahead. The economic crisis is not only facing African American communities. 
is the most important economic investment we can make now and for future generations; yet, across the country, we still have seen cuts to education at 
all levels and attacks on critical programs like Head Start and Pell grants. 
of African Americans to get ahead— that is why I strongly support President Obama’s new, bold initiative for free access to community colleges—so, too, do efforts to dismantle social safety net programs which our communities depend on. Those efforts are irresponsible, unjust, and contrary to who we are as Americans. 
make criminal justice reform a centerpiece of our agenda. We will work to reduce the epidemic of poverty in this country. We will work to create educational opportunities for African American children, and we will support efforts to strengthen our 105 Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
fighting against efforts to dismantle the social safety net. We are determined to restore section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and to make sure everyone, regardless of what they look like or where they come from, has equal access to the polls, and we resolve to ensure that increasing diversity in this Nation is reflected in American corporations. 
closer as a nation where we are empowering the communities of African Americans, and they will benefit from the full equality and live the American Dream. There is no doubt that we are in difficult times in this Nation. 
Injustices are widespread and threaten some of our most fundamental rights, but we will find no answers in apathy, no comfort in complacency. As we always have, we will continue the march for progress, for freedom, for justice, and for equality for all. 
privilege now that I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. ROBIN KELLY . 
my friend from New Jersey. It is an honor to host with you this year. I am excited about the work ahead for the CBC in the 114th Congress. I also want to acknowledge the great job that Congressman Horsford and Congressman JEFFRIES did in hosting the Special 
Order hour in the 113th Congress. I also want to honor our past chair, Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE , for all of her 
where we were, where we are, and where we are headed, I expect this to be very stimulating, frustrating, and rewarding all at the same time. It remains that we have a lot of work to do. 
honor and privilege for the first time in the 114th Congress to have the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, G.K. BUTTERFIELD , address us, and 
delighted to come to the floor this evening to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. 
1865, which was 150 years ago, the State of North Carolina had a slave population of 331,000 slaves. After the passage of the 13th Amendment and ratification of it by 27 States, these slaves became free. They became American citizens, and males 21 years old or older would soon be entitled to vote. 
freedom, 128,000 of them resided in my congressional district. In some of the counties, the Black population exceeded the White population. 
gained the right to vote by the enactment of the 15th Amendment. For the next 30 years, Mr. Speaker, African American men voted in large numbers and became a political force in State politics. 
to Congress in North Carolina, eight in South Carolina, three in Alabama, and one each in Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Virginia, and Louisiana. Many more were elected to State and local office. 
lynchings had not deterred Black political participation, most Southern States passed disfranchisement laws requiring a literacy test and the payment of a poll tax. These laws had the intent and effect of disenfranchising Black people from voting, and it worked. For the next half century, African Americans were effectively denied the right to vote with a few exceptions. 
Nobel Peace Prize, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., approached President Lyndon Johnson about advocating for a strong voting rights law that would enforce the 15th Amendment. President Johnson was uncomfortable in advancing the idea of a voting rights law, which greatly disappointed Dr. King. Dr. King was motivated to launch the Selma voting rights movement. 
On March 7, 1965, under the leadership of Dr. King, JOHNLEWIS, and others, Black residents of Selma attempted to march from Brown Chapel Church to the Alabama State capital to demand a voting rights law. 
Pettus Bridge, the marchers were brutalized, and they were terrorized by State police and forced to retreat. We now refer to this confrontation as ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
began their journey to Montgomery, but as they crossed the bridge and saw the strong police presence, they turned 
around and returned to the church. At this point, President Johnson was outraged with Governor George Wallace for preventing the march. Johnson telephoned Wallace to demand that the marchers walk to Montgomery without incident. Three weeks later, on March 21, 1965, 
Dr. King persuaded thousands of Black and White to come to Selma to participate in the march. The march proceeded without incident. Fifty thousand participated. 
Following the March, a White marcher, Mrs. Viola Liuzzo from Detroit, was murdered while transporting marchers back to Selma. Jimmie Lee Jackson was killed by police during a Selma protest in February 1965. Saddened by these murders, President Johnson reconsidered his unwillingness to promote voting rights legislation. He went on national television on March 15 and announced that he would support a voting rights bill. 
Voting Rights Act was enacted into law on August 6, 1965. This important law has changed the political landscape for African American communities. It bans the use of literacy tests. It gives minority communities the right to litigate discriminatory election schemes that dilute their vote. 
requires certain jurisdictions with discriminatory histories to preclear election law changes with the Attorney General. To our great dismay, on June 25, 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court made section 5 unenforceable because the data used to determine covered jurisdictions is outdated, according to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has now called on Congress to modify the formula. 
To this day, Mr. Speaker, our Republican colleagues have refused to allow the bipartisan VRA amendment bill to be voted upon. In fact, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. GOODLATTE , announced that he has no intention to legislate a modification to the formula, and so the effect of not having section 5 is to allow jurisdictions to pass discriminatory election laws with impunity and without oversight. 
African American communities to elect hundreds of Black elected officials. We successfully litigated dozens and dozens of cases. Many of my colleagues were elected because enforcement of the Voting Rights Act forced— forced—States to draw congressional districts where Black communities are not submerged and their vote diluted. 
Mr. Speaker, this story must be understood by every American citizen. The right to vote for African Americans was obtained by blood, sweat, and tears; and we are determined—the Congressional Black Caucus is determined—to continue this fight into 2016 and beyond. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We are looking forward to your leadership in the 114th Congress, and we will continue to strive to make sure that the issues that the CBC find important are relevant on the daytoday basis. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the leader, who has probably 
forgotten more about the goingson and the rules in this Chamber than I will ever know. 
Mr. PAYNE , for yielding me time. I appreciate your accolades, and I promise you that my long, distant memory is getting very good, but I assure you that your contributions to this great body are very much appreciated. 
Black History Month with a speech at Cornerstone Baptist Church on Wayne Street in Columbia, South Carolina. They had an interesting topic for me to develop. It was all about remembering our past and preparing for the future. 
little bit about the past that many of us remember, but 50 years after Selma, we must turn to the question that Martin Luther King, Jr., asked in one of his great books: Where do we go from here, chaos or community? 
500 counties and thousands of communities in the United States that are classified by the United States Census Bureau as persistent poverty areas. They are so defined because 20 percent of their populations have lived below the poverty level for the past 30 years or more. 
They are diverse, including Caucasian communities in States like West Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee; Native American communities in States like South Dakota, Alaska, and Oklahoma; Latino communities in States like Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas; and African American communities in States like South Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi. They are urban communities in States like New York and heartland communities in States like Missouri. 139 of these counties are represented in this body by Democrats; 331 of these counties are represented in this body by Republicans; and 18 of these counties are split between the two parties. Combating persistent poverty should matter to all of us, regardless of party, geography, or race. 
together the Recovery Act, I proposed language to require that at least 10 percent of funds in three rural development accounts be directed to efforts in these persistentpoverty counties. This requirement was enacted into law. In light of the definition of persistent poverty counties as having at least 20 percent poverty rates over 30 years, the provision became known as the 10–20–30 initiative. 
This initiative bore dividends as economic development projects proliferated in persistent poverty communities across the country. Using the 10– 20–30 formula, the Recovery Act funded a total of 4,655 projects in persistent poverty counties, totaling nearly $1.7 billion. I saw firsthand the positive effects of these projects in my district. 
create jobs that would have otherwise languished. Among those investments was a $5.8 million grant and a $2 million loan to construct 51 miles of water lines in the little community of Brittons Neck in Marion County, South Carolina. There are many other success stories. 
million was spent to install a water line, elevated tank, and two wastewater pump stations, providing potable water to rural Mississippians and creating badly needed construction jobs. 
in Brazos County, Texas, received a $538,000 loan to construct more than 9 miles of new water distribution lines and connect over 60 households to a new water system. 
In 2011, I joined with our former Republican colleague, Representative Jo Ann Emerson of Missouri, to introduce an amendment to the continuing resolution that would have continued 10– 20–30 for rural development and expanded it to 11 additional accounts throughout the Federal Government affecting economic development, education, job training, health, justice, the environment, and more. 
the 10–20–30 approach. It does not—I repeat, it does not—add one dime to the deficit. It simply targets resources from funds already authorized or appropriated. 
economy has risen and fallen multiple times. During each economic downturn, while we have been rightly focused on getting the economy as a whole back on track, we have not given adequate attention to these communities that are suffering from chronic distress and Depressionera levels of joblessness. 
in good economic times. The 10–20–30 approach would provide a mechanism to address this deprivation in times of want and in times of plenty, in times of Federal investment and in times of fiscal austerity. 
30 which was published in the Harvard Journal on Legislation. I discussed the history of our Nation’s efforts to address chronic poverty and more fully laid out the case for broadly implementing 10–20–30 in a bipartisan fashion. 
2016 budget together, I look forward to working with all Members in this body on both sides of the aisle irrespective of what State or county you may represent. I look forward to working together so that we can make a real productive legacy for Selma and we can move forward and answer Dr. King’s question ‘‘Chaos or community?’’ with a resounding: We are building communities. 
Mr. CLYBURN . As in the past, the Congressional Black Caucus will work to continue to reduce the epidemic of poverty in this country. When over 45 million Americans live below the poverty line, we are failing as a nation. As Congressman BUTTERFIELD said earlier this 
month, the CBC will advocate the Clyburn 10–20–30 plan, which redirects at least 10 percent of an agency’s grants in its discretionary budget to communities where at least 20 percent of the population has lived below the poverty line for the past 30 years. These are the issues that we will continue to work on as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
It is now my honor to yield to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL), one of my mentors since before I 
arrived in Congress, a former friend of my father’s and a great colleague. 
had a prepared statement, but I was so moved after listening and being a part of this great congressional group in this great country to be able to celebrate 50 years since the Voting Rights Act. 
As a kid who grew up on the streets 
of Lenox Avenue and dropped out of high school, I didn’t have the benefit of having anything to attach a dream to that would allow me to believe that one day I could be sitting in the United States House of Representatives. 
Korea and after being the beneficiary of the GI bill, and after graduating from law school, I was able to see and hear atrocities that have been committed on Black folks in this country the likes of which I had not seen except during wartime. And even though my mother’s family came from Virginia, in the city of New York even today I don’t ever remember meeting any White people from the South. I don’t know what that is. Perhaps Congressman BUTTERFIELD may be able to do 
some historical research about why they stayed in the South and didn’t come to New York City, where racism had a sugar coating to it. They didn’t use dogs and bombs and things of that nature. But I recall so vividly seeing people like Andy Young and especially our dear friend and colleague, JOHN 
fight to stay alive and they don’t voluntarily put their life on the line, as JOHNLEWIS and others have done. But 
what happened was, when they had the first Selma march, what we refer to as Bloody Sunday, years before our beloved Congresswoman was born, I saw something that really pained me as an American rather than as a human being. And then they had the second march from Selma to Montgomery and Dr. King pulled that back, and then we had the plea for people from all over the country to come down for the third march. I recalled before, I had bad feet and wasn’t thinking about going to Selma to do 54 miles, but the inspiration to see people that had been prepared to put their life on the line for 
me and others like me could not allow me to return to New York. 
admit publicly that when I heard the voice of Lyndon Johnson coming across on radio and television saying, ‘‘We shall overcome,’’ I kind of thought, TERRI, that those were our words. And 
if a White person was to say it, I never expected to find that accent of the very people that sounded as though they were part of a conspiracy to keep children of slaves from assimilating into the constitutional beliefs that we had since learned to live by and enjoy and hope for. 
What a revolutionary period that was, because as we review that and look at the picture ‘‘Selma,’’ we wonder where did all of the people that represented this hatred go, the people who stood in the way of people registering voters; the people who took advantage of the idea that just because of their complexion they were superior; the people that belonged to the Ku Klux Klan; the people who used religion as a sword instead of a shield? Did they disappear? What happened to the socalled Dixiecrats? 
But then I am reminded that as a result of the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act that they didn’t go very far, that they threw down their party label but they stayed in the same places, and many of them are doing the same thing—trying to continue to prevent people of color from enjoying their full constitutional voting rights. 
come down here in 1971 with half a dozen Congressional Black Caucus members, nine, who joined with four of us who had decided to form the Congressional Black Caucus, you could not believe, Congressman PAYNE , how it 
was never our dream that that small group would go from 13 to 26 to 40 to 46 to 47, and reach the historic impact on our policy and on our Nation, a group that had no intention of doing anything except to introduce, create, and support policies that could make this great country even stronger for all of us. And true, we have a lot of obstacles to overcome, but I don’t think any group of people have been as successful as we have in coming from the pits of slavery in such a short period of time as we are now, and to see how much more work we have to do so that one day our children and our grandchildren will say: Why did they have to have a Congressional Black Caucus? Why wasn’t it just a Democratic caucus? Why did we need it? 
commitment of individual members of the Black Caucus, like the rest of the Congress, that come from all walks of life and they got here to make this a better country, a more effective Congress, soon and very soon, we may hear those words: Why were we needed? 
I think that the Democrats appreciate the work that we are trying to do, and one day, as so many people who got rid of their sheets, their children and their grandchildren would see that we only were trying to eliminate the pain for all people, regardless of color, to make the red, white, and blue, rather than just whether you are Black or White, become the theme that the fathers of this Constitution should have been striving for. 
the things we stand for really and what the country is committed to do, and I am so proud of these last couple of years, that there is not a group of people I would rather spend my time with than with my friends and my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus. 
from New York. His kind thoughts and perspective is always, always needed in this House. 
Now, I have the honor and the privilege of yielding to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), who represents the city, the town, that is on everybody’s breath over the last couple of months. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the CBC for this Special Order hour, and I commend my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) 
and my colleague from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for choosing such a great topic 
pleasure of standing before you not only as a Representative who represents the great city of Selma but as a native of Selma, Alabama, and a lifelong member of the historic Brown Chapel AME Church. 
the journey that many others who are here today take, was only made possible because of the courage, fortitude, and determination of those brave men and women on that bridge, Bloody Sunday, March 7, 1965. 
of taking this journey must ask ourselves: What will we do to extend the legacy? What will we do to protect the legacy? 
the place where the struggle for civil rights and voting rights began, the epicenter, if you will, of the voting rights movement. 
footnote in the history books. It deserves to take up chapters in the history books, the tactical and strategic voices of Martin Luther King and those brave men and women of SCLC and SNCC that had the fortitude and had the intellect to see this as a strategy, to know that they were speaking not only for themselves and their children, but for future generations. 
such opposition with little more than a dream, and Dr. King held so tightly to his that it forced our country to become a more equal and just nation. 
I know many in my district and many in my city would like to forget our painful past, but we cannot turn the pages as if certain chapters were never written; nor can we celebrate how far we have come without first acknowledging where we have been. Bloody Sunday forced America to confront its own inhumanity. Our painful past has ushered in a new day. 
painful past came the birth of a movement that changed a nation, and from that movement came a human rights movement that changed a world. If we don’t write our own history, others will tell it for us, and they may not be so kind, they may not tell our history the way we would tell our history. 
My father grew up in Selma, as did I, 
and the Selma of my childhood was very, very different than the Selma of my father’s childhood. There has been progress. My father went to segregated schools in Selma. My father drank from ‘‘colored only’’ fountains in Selma. My father’s mother never got the chance to vote, though she tried to register several times. 
The Selma that I grew up in had an 
integrated public high school, a public high school that was 55 percent African American and 45 percent White. Yes, across town, there was an allWhite private school. 
I want you to know that the Selma I 
grew up in, in the seventies and eighties, it produced me as its first Black valedictorian of Selma High School. I know that Selma and the journey that we all take now because of Selma was only made possible because of the bravery of others. 
As I stood to give my speech as a valedictorian in 1982 at Selma High School, I remember standing up and saying: 
Maybe one day I could join the likes of a 
Charlie Rangel, of a John Lewis, in the House of Congress. 
teenager probably, but I said it with every vigor because I believed in my heart that I could be and do anything. Why? Because the people of that community nurtured me, Black and White, my teachers, my Girl Scout troop leaders, my Sunday school teachers. 
educators, educated at Alabama State University, and because of their education at this wonderful quality institution of higher learning, I had a chance to go to Princeton—but I had more than that. I had an obligation to give back, to make sure that others had an opportunity to walk through those same doors. It wasn’t enough to be the first. 
after I graduated from Princeton that April Williams from Selma High School got to go to Princeton. I must have done something right. 
have never been possible had it not been for the intellect, the mind of 
these wonderful leaders, some known. All of us know about the contributions of our colleague, JOHNLEWIS; all of us 
know about the contributions of the SCLC, Andy Young, and Martin Luther King. 
teacher, Mrs. Richie Jean Jackson, she was featured in the movie ‘‘Selma’’ because it was her home, the home that she shared with Dr. Jackson, the first Black dentist in Selma, that housed Martin Luther King and Andrew Young and all those leaders every time they came to Selma because they couldn’t stay at the allWhite hotel. 
teacher. Mrs. Jackson did not live to see the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ but I am proud that this body is seeking to provide a Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers of the movement, so that the Richie Jacksons, Mrs. Jacksons of the world, who had the bravery to go and be on that bridge Bloody Sunday or Turnaround Tuesday or the ultimate final march from Selma to Montgomery, that they are acknowledged by this Nation for the sacrifices that they made. 
In closing, I want to remind my colleagues of my guest at the State of the Union, January 20, 2015. My special guest was the 103yearold Amelia Boynton. 
the movie ‘‘Selma’’ as the proud African American woman who told Coretta Scott King: 
of kings and queens. Your heritage is one and your bloodline is one that survived slave ships. You are prepared. 
bravery that Bloody Sunday when she was bludgeoned, but she came back 2 days later on Turnaround Tuesday and continued to fight in Selma long after this march from Selma to Montgomery. 
and as person after person came up to her and kissed her on the cheek and said, ‘‘Miss Boynton, I stand on your shoulders today, thank you,’’ Miss Boynton said something very poignant. She said, ‘‘Everybody keeps talking about being on my shoulders. I tell them, Get off my shoulders, do your own work, there is plenty of work to be done.’’ I want to remind my colleagues that there is plenty of work for us still to do. 
so many; but we cannot honor their legacy without acknowledging that the Voting Rights Act of 1965, major sections of it, have been invalidated. 
and memory of those who fought so valiantly, that this body should once again work together to make sure that Federal protections are there because, as we know, progress is always elusive, all battles become new again, and there is a renewed assault on voting. 
jelly beans are in a jar or how many county judges there are in the State of Alabama; but, nevertheless, we still have modernday barriers to voting that we must overcome. 
our own convictions to see the movie ‘‘Selma’’ as a beginning of a national conversation about how we can continue to recommit ourselves to the ideals that were fought on that Bloody Sunday. I know that if we combined our hearts and our minds, both sides of the aisle will see that it is in everyone’s best interest that all Americans have the right to vote. 
having this Special Order hour. I invite all of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to come to Selma, to experience the living history, and I hope that we will all come away from the 50th commemoration of the march from Selma to Montgomery with a renewed vigor to once again provide Federal protection for all Americans to exercise that sacred right to vote. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
this is a very important evening. I thank my colleagues, both Mr. PAYNE  
of New Jersey and Ms. K ELLY , for, first 
of all, taking up a very important challenge of being able to lead the members of the Congressional Black Caucus through this period of challenge to America. 
Members who have had the chance to convey their thoughts, and each one I thank personally: our chairman, Mr. G.K. BUTTERFIELD , for his leadership 
and his internal knowledge from his walk in life of the civil rights journey; Mr. CLYBURN for living and understanding the civil rights journey and conveying it in his legislative journey; Mr. RANGEL for his service to this Nation as a Korean war vet and then coming home to be a vet of the civil rights effort; then, of course, the holder of the seat who represents Selma for her life story. 
What is our moral standard? And, following the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, why we can’t wait. 
This is a clarion call to my colleagues—Democrats and Republicans— that, in fact, this year—of all years— calls for us to act. It calls for us to be able to understand why the Nation cannot wait and who is going to lift up the moral standard. 
turned into Bloody Sunday. It was where a young man by the name of JOHN LEWIS stood bravely alongside 
names like Hosea Williams. It was, of course, a place where the world watched, and it became the stair steps on which the Voting Rights Act was passed. Today, we realize that, on the shoulders of that tragic time, violence claimed the life of Jimmie Lee Jackson, beaten by State troopers as he was attempting to protect his mother and others, and that violence claimed the lives of Reverend James Reeb of Boston and of Viola Liuzzo of Detroit at that time as she returned from the Selma march—a time when 25,000 strong or more marched across the Montgomery bridge. 
done. In the wake of the decision by the Supreme Court that crippled the Voting Rights Act, we as members of the Judiciary Committee, led by our colleagues Mr. CLYBURN and J OHNCONYERS , sought to correct that crippling. 
and the Speaker of the House to have us put that fix with the new Members, our Republicans and Democrats—the same body of individuals who President Johnson convened—to be able to ensure that that Voting Rights Act of 1965 could be done. It is important to note that we not allow the efforts to go unnoted. 
Texas needs to be corrected by passing the Voting Rights Amendment Act. The terrible oppression of individuals in their walks to the polls has to be corrected by this amendment. Of course, we must ensure against the horrors of wealth inequality. The median income of Black households is $33,764—a mere 60 percent of the median income for White households. 
criminal justice reform. I am privileged, Mr. Speaker, to serve as the ranking member on the Crime Subcommittee, and I join my colleagues in the commitment to ensure that we, in fact, answer the call of the mothers of so many, such as those of Trayvon Martin, Sean Bell, Eric Garner, Michael Brown, Bobby Tolan, Jordan Baker, and many others, that we have grand jury reform, special prosecutor reform, prison reform—the transitioning of nonviolent offenders to productive lives—law enforcement training and best practices. 
Build TRUST Act, will not give incentives to towns that rely upon racial profiling and on stopping African Americans and other minorities to build their revenue. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, I have the opportunity to remind us that our walk is not done in wealth inequality, in criminal justice reform and, as I know that my colleague Mr. GREEN will mention, 
in the body cameras. All of these—closing the wealth gap and passing the Voting Rights Act—are challenges not to Democrats, not to minorities; they are to the Nation, to our Republicans and our Democrats. 
So I answer the question why we cannot wait: because Dr. King left us a prophetic message and a mountain to climb to get to the promised land. 
Tonight, as I close, I call upon all aspects of the beloved community that JOHN LEWIS so often speaks of—the 
youth who continue to persist in the streets of America, indicating that Black lives and all lives matter; women, the impoverished, the faith community, workers, and many others whose names I have left out. Today, I ask for them to join hands and march in the month of March in your own cities and hamlets and counties on an agenda of healing, justice, and equality in commemoration of the march of those who crossed on that bloody day but of those who crossed as well successfully from Selma to Montgomery. 
Do not sit in your seats. Do not sit in 
your homes. March in the month of March. Let me hear your voices. Let us see you. Let us join you. You call us, and we will join you in those marches to make a difference in this Nation. I ask for that to all of my colleagues tonight. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. I yield to the gentleman from Texas 
essence, please allow me to get right to my message. 
this to Congress. In 1965, when they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, there were five African American Members of Congress. Now there are 48. In 1965, there were four Latino Members of Congress. Now there are 38. There were three Asian Americans in Congress. Now we have a total of 14. There were 14 women in Congress. We now have 104. 
Where were we? We were at a point in 
our history when it was turning for us, but it was a bloody point in our history because, when President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act, he signed it in ink, but it was written in blood. It was written in the blood of the people who crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, in the blood of the people who lived and died so that some of us could have these opportunities to serve in the Congress of the United States of America. That is where we were. 
Members of Congress, but in a true sense, it is back to the future because we have seen the evisceration of section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, which emasculated section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, meaning you don’t have any States or any territories under section 4 so you cannot preclear them under section 5. We are now back to a point wherein we have to find a way to revitalize and to reinstate section 4 of the Voting Rights Act. 
I am sorry that the time has run out, 
but I do want to say this: if we with only five Members of Congress could get a Voting Rights Act passed, one would think that with 48 we can get it 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, 
marches. 50 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Stokely Carmichael, Congressman JOHN 
led the historic marches from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama in protest of discriminatory voting laws. 
less than 1% of the black voting age population was registered to vote in Dallas County, where Selma is located. However, more than 80% of Dallas County blacks lived below the poverty line. Various efforts to get blacks in Dallas County registered to vote were met physical violence and economic intimidation. But with the local leadership of the Dallas County Voters League, and the help of two national organizations, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Student Nonviolence Coordinating Committee, the Selma marches were born. 
During the first march from Selma to Montgomery, in what would become known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday,’’ the nation watched in horror as African Americans were brutally beaten by police officers, attacked by dogs, and sprayed by fire hoses. Their courage, in the face of dehumanizing treatment from law enforcement, thrust the issue of segregation and race relations in the Deep South into the national consciousness. It led to President Lyndon B. Johnson presenting to a joint session of Congress what would become the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the most important piece of civil rights legislation in the history of this country. 
50 years later, the images of ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ are permanently etched into our Nation’s history as a deep and painful reminder of the struggles we triumphantly conquered to get to where we are today. And yet, the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, at the hands of law enforcement, serve as tragic reminders that we still have so far to go. 
The work of Selma is not finished. The work 
of Dr. King, Stokely Carmichael, and Congressman LEWIS is not finished. But we must 
remain encouraged and faithful for the progress still left to achieve. While the discriminatory voting laws of the 1960s are no more, we have encountered a new brand of voter disenfranchisement in 2015 that poses a serious threat to the electoral process. And once again, the great citizens of this nation must fight to protect their constitutional right to vote. It is with the painful lessons learned from the marches on Selma, and with the same tenacity and fearlessness that we will continue to fight this battle today. 
MACARTHUR ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for 30 minutes. 
like to join my other colleagues tonight to thank Congresswoman KELLY  
from New Jersey for organizing tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. 
in America’s history—the Selma voting rights march—that 50 years ago, Mr. Speaker, brought together Americans to march from Selma to Montgomery, 
Alabama, across the now famous Edmund Pettus Bridge. There were attacks and dogs, beatings and deaths, but still we marched because we as a country knew that all Americans should have the same rights. The 54 mile walk was an effort to demonstrate the desire of Black American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote and to be treated equally. 
Rights Act of 1964 legally desegregated the South, discrimination and segregation remained throughout much of the United States. The march led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which, today, continues to be eroded in a threatened bill. The communities across our Nation certainly have threats to their basic rights, and there are certainly injustices. In the words of Dr. Martin Luther King—and they still ring true today when I think about his words—‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ When I reflect on my recent trip to Ferguson—where I witnessed firsthand—it seems that we are still reengaging in our unfortunate history and ongoing challenges with voting rights, voter registration, and injustices—and with new vitality and vigor. 
colleagues—those who are here, along with Congressman JOHN LEWIS and 
we march across that bridge and when we say that we must turn our march toward solutions. If we, Democrats and Republicans, can watch a movie together about Selma, sharing silent moments in tears, sharing stories of our own experiences, surely we can come together to fix voting rights. How long must we wait, Mr. Speaker? How long will it take? 
Let me end with these words: it is on 
all of us here in this body to march for voting rights and to march for having voting rights. 
to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for her important remarks. 
As we come to a close, I thank the 
distinguished gentleman from the Garden State—my good friend, Representative DONALD PAYNE —for his tremendous leadership and for leading this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. 
have had the opportunity to speak directly to the American people. This is a privilege that I take seriously and a responsibility that the CBC cherishes. 
embracing our past. 2015 represents a critical junction in the advancement of our Nation. Fifty years after the Selma to Montgomery march there are strengthened civil rights and improved access to the ballot. Today, we find ourselves with equally important ground to cover in promoting civil rights, in reducing economic and health disparities, and in strengthening voter rights protection. 
progress, but as Representatives and as men and women who love this country, our work continues. As we look back, we are comforted by the bridges we have crossed, by the trails we have blazed, and by the future ahead of us that we envision. 
I want to thank the entire Congressional Black Caucus, especially my fellow coanchor, the gentleman from New Jersey, Congressman PAYNE . 
Fifty years after Selma, the CBC remembers that it exists to promote the public welfare through legislation that meets the needs of millions of neglected citizens. It is that spirit that guides us and many others in Congress. 
and children who need help moving forward, we march. When we see obstruction in our path to creating a more perfect Union, we respond. 
Again, I thank my colleagues. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I would like to allow my colleague, Congresswoman YVETTE  
vice president of the Congressional Black Caucus, to share her thoughts with us. 
was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I thank the gentlelady from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for extending this 
time to me, and I want to also thank the gentlelady from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) and the gentleman from New 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus for hosting this evening’s Special Order and this extension this evening. 
Today I proudly rise to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the historic events of the nonviolent protests that took place in Selma, Alabama, and to recognize their importance in igniting and fueling the civil rights movement that brought an end to the practice of Jim Crow racial segregation by law in America and voting rights legislation that guaranteed every American citizen the right to vote. 
Ninth District of New York in offering tribute to the historic people of conscience that walked the Edmund Pettus Bridge on March 7, 1965, known as Bloody Sunday. The march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965 included more than 600 women and men who walked from the historic Brown Chapel AME Church to the State capital of Alabama. 
the freedom and human dignity that had been denied to them. They marched to end the evil practice of segregation and the violent terrorism to which they were subjected on an everyday basis, to remove from our society 
Bridge this peaceful protest was met with tear gas, police batons, police dogs, and hatred and violence. Images of this tragedy were broadcast across America, opening the eyes of millions of citizens to the brutality and injustices that African American communities, especially in the South, had experienced every day. 
the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was signed into law on August 6, 1965, by President Lyndon B. Johnson, prohibiting racial discrimination in voting. I was 9 months at that time. Sadly, the right to vote remains under threat in the United States. 
disparate treatment and discrimination, the trampling of the civil rights and civil liberties of vulnerable communities of color, black and Hispanic, Latino Americans, continues to be a bloodsoaked stain on the StarSpangled Banner in the minds of many Americans. 
stand silent and allow the partisanship in this House to reverse these gains made through the bloodshed and the lives martyred to erase from the law books those rights for which many fought and died. 
great progress since 1965, it is all relative. As long as systemic racism remains in the hearts and minds of some Americans, there is still much work to be done so that the blood, sweat, and tears shed for the freedom and justice in 1965 and every day since will not have been in vain. 
countless and nameless Americans to face an angry Statesponsored mob so that we can all enjoy the freedoms of our country must never be forgotten. We must remain vigilant and continuously fight for equal rights for all people, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or social background. Until then, Mr. Speaker, the struggle continues. 
talk about the struggle continuing, it is my honor to ask my colleague and classmate, Congressman MARCVEASEY  
would also like to thank my colleagues DONALD PAYNE and R OBIN KELLY for 
putting together something that we really need to talk about, and I am glad that the theme here is 50 years from Selma, where we are, where we are headed, because I think it is important that we have that discussion. I oftentimes hear people say in conjunction when you talk about civil rights, you know, we need to move on, we need to get over it, it was the past, it happened a long time ago. But we know that we can learn a lot from the past. We know that we can learn a lot about where we are going by studying our history. 
Black History Month that just started in February that we are able to reconnect and take the opportunity to talk more about our community’s past and the challenges that we face, and Selma really provides us with a great vehicle to do that. 
I think about an event that I attended several years ago when I was in the State legislature, and I was talking to the audience and mentioning some of the schools in the Fort Worth Independent School District and around the State of Texas that were segregated. After I got done talking, I was really dismayed that one of the reporters came up to me that was younger than me but had graduated from school in Fort Worth ISD, had graduated 9 years after I did, and she said: I was raised in Fort Worth, and I graduated from a school in Fort Worth, but I didn’t know that the schools were ever segregated here. 
history can disappear and fade away if it is not kept alive; and I think that that is one of the reasons why I am really excited about Selma and the opportunity to talk about this more, because we really do need to make sure that we keep our youth reconnected with the past or we know that it will fade away. 
about where we are headed, and it has been mentioned tonight, I would like to say that we are headed to someplace more positive, someplace that is for the betterment of all Americans. But we know that there are many mechanisms out there that are being designed and implemented by State legislatures all around the country to impede one’s right to vote. 
State that I am very proud of, my own State of Texas, but we have some serious issues. I mean, when you look at redistricting in the State of Texas, when you look at the voter ID laws that were passed in the State of Texas, I mean, right now in the State of Texas you cannot vote with a Stateissued ID, but you can vote with a concealed handgun license. 
being implemented and put in place that we know are designed to be a barrier to people voting, the same types of barriers that were put in place, maybe a little bit differently, maybe with a smile on their face, but we know that the goal is to do exactly what was done in Selma 50 years ago, and it is to prevent people from voting. 
So, again, I want to thank the Congresswoman from Ohio and I want to thank my colleagues from Illinois and 
from New Jersey for putting this together. We need to talk about history. It is not the past. It really is still the present, something similar to what Faulkner said. 
discussions and share these stories with our young people, but I think more importantly that we need to put them in the perspective from today because many of these battles we know that we are still fighting. 
So I am glad that I am able to share 
this with everyone, and I hope that all Members, regardless of where they are from, regardless of what their party is, that they can think about what happened 50 years ago when the walk across the Edmund Pettus Bridge happened, and this is something we can all learn from. 
I want to thank Mrs. BEATTY for allowing me to have a few words. 
great pleasure to ask Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN —I am very 
proud to say that she is a part of this 114th freshman class—to say a few words. 
was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentlelady from Ohio for yielding to me. I want to thank both the gentlelady from Illinois and the gentleman from New Jersey for providing this opportunity here to speak tonight on something that I think is very important. 
proud member, I am here because we rise to commemorate a slice of American history that speaks to the spirit that is America. We rise to acknowledge the sacrifice and the forethought of a generation whose risks were ultimately America’s reward. We rise to recognize the American heroes and sheroes of Selma on the 50th anniversary of this Bloody Sunday. 
From Selma, we learned that sometimes protests and objections that are deemed unAmerican today may later be considered the greatest manifestation of American democracy. 
of a young person’s protests today, he may be called an outside agitator, a troublemaker, or even a provocateur, but that same young person, because of that same activity, may later be called courageous, a hero, or even a Congressman. 
Yes, from Selma, we learned that ordinary people can do extraordinary things when they are on the side of righteousness. Selma taught us, as Dr. King suggested, that it is always the right time to do what is right. 
likelihood that this generation of young dreamers would be successful in transforming an entire society seemed slim. They persevered anyhow. In the 
these young people fought for what was right no matter the consequence. 
Today we must learn from their example; we must persevere in the fight for working families, despite those that believe that there should be no floor for the poor and no ceiling for the rich. 
to vote for all people. We must persevere despite the fact that there is little reward for fighting for people who cannot fight for themselves, and we must fight for what is right and not what is popular. 
We must remember that it is our legacy to fight on the side of righteousness when we debate giving access to health care, access to education, access to the right to marry, and access to just plain old justice. I look forward to this collective will and this collective commitment of the CBC because I know that we can never forget Selma. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in closing remarks, let me thank you for extending our time tonight. We have heard from voices of legends tonight. But tonight I would like to end by giving special recognition to two new voices, two new legends who tonight led us through something more than a Special Order hour. They led us through a Special Order hour in history. 
New Jersey, thank you for picking this topic and partnering with my colleague and friend, Congresswoman ROBIN 
voices of the future. Tonight they had the courage to come and manage time on an issue that we think, as members not only of the Congressional Black Caucus, but of this Congress, being the conscience of this Congress. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of flight cancelation due to weather. 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of 
OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA TION, 
submit for publication the rules of the Committee on Appropriations for the 114th Congress, as adopted on January 28, 2015. 
the Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, in the One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, except as otherwise provided hereinafter, shall be and are hereby adopted as the rules and practices of the Committee on Appropriations in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
its functions and duties under Rules X and XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee and each of its subcommittees is authorized: 
within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, and to hold such hearings as it deems necessary; and 
the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, reports, correspondence, memorandums, papers, and documents as it deems necessary. 
by the Committee or its subcommittees may be enforced only as authorized or directed by the House. 
shall establish the number of subcommittees and shall determine the jurisdiction of each subcommittee. 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Committee all matters referred to it. 
shall determine an appropriate ratio of Majority to Minority Members for each subcommittee. The Chairman is authorized to negotiate that ratio with the Minority; Provided, however, That party representation in 
each subcommittee, including exofficio members, shall be no less favorable to the Majority than the ratio for the full Committee. 
Member of the full Committee are each authorized to sit as a member of all subcommittees and to participate, including voting, in all of the work of the subcommittees. 
Member of a Subcommittee or the Full Committee, including a Chairman Emeritus, may select and designate one staff member who shall serve at the pleasure of that Member. 
may prescribe such terms and conditions necessary to achieve a reduction in the number of Assistants to Members previously designated by a Member of the Committee prior to the adoption of the Rules of the House establishing the Committee for the 112th Congress. 
under this subsection must specifically certify by letter to the Chairman that the employees are needed and will be utilized for Committee work. 
he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to that call of the Chairman. 
desire that a special meeting of the Committee be called by the Chairman, those Members may file in the Committee Offices a written request to the Chairman for that special meeting. Such request shall specify the measure or matter to be considered. Upon the filing of the request, the Committee Clerk shall notify the Chairman. 
filing of the request, the Chairman does not call the requested special meeting to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the Committee Members may file in the Committee Offices their written notice that a special meeting will be held, specifying the date and hour of such meeting, and the measure or matter to be considered. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour. 
Chairman—A member of the majority party on the Committee or subcommittee thereof designated by the Chairman of the full Committee shall be vice chairman of the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be, and shall preside at any meeting during the temporary absence of the chairman. If the chairman and vice chairman of the Committee or subcommittee are not present at any meeting of the Committee or subcommittee, the ranking member of the majority party who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
business, including the markup of legislation, of the Committee and its subcommittees shall be open to the public except when the Committee or the subcommittee concerned, in open session and with a majority present, determines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed. 
place, and subject matter of each committee meeting for the transaction of business, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof, unless the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of business, determines there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner, in which case the Chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. An announcement shall be published promptly in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
record of all Committee action, including a record of the votes on any question on which a roll call is taken. The result of each roll 
call vote shall be available for inspection by the public during regular business hours in the Committee Offices and also made available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. The information made available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against, and the names of those Members present but not voting. 
data, charts, and files) shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chairman of the Committee. Such records shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have access thereto. 
Not later than 24 hours after the adoption of an amendment to a bill or resolution, the Chairman shall cause the text of any amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or its subcommittees unless the House of Representatives shall by majority vote authorize the Committee or any of its subcommittees, for purposes of a particular series of hearings on a particular article of legislation or on a particular subject of investigation, to close its hearings to Members by the same procedures designated in this subsection for closing hearings to the public; Provided, however, That the Committee or its subcommittees may by the same procedure vote to close five subsequent days of hearings. 
the Committee or any of its subcommittees as the case may be, insofar as is practicable, shall file in advance of such appearance, a written statement of the proposed testimony and shall limit the oral presentation at such appearance to a brief summary, except that this provision shall not apply to any witness appearing before the Committee in the overall budget hearings. 
number of Members of the Committee which shall constitute a quorum for taking testimony and receiving evidence in any hearing of the Committee shall be two. 
shall observe the fiveminute rule during the interrogation of witnesses until such time as each Member of the Committee or subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to question the witness. 
Committee Meetings and Hearings—Whenever a hearing or meeting conducted by the full Committee or any of its subcommittees is open to the public, those proceedings shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography, and shall be conducted in 
The Chairman of the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any Committee or subcommittee hearing at least one week before the commencement of the hearing. If the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member of the Committee 
or respective subcommittee, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or subcommittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman or subcommittee chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. Any announcement made under this subsection shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
report, or cause to be reported promptly to the House any bill or resolution approved by the Committee and to take or cause to be taken necessary steps to bring the matter to a vote. 
measure or recommendation shall be reported from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee was actually present. 
roll call vote on a motion to report any measure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment offered to the measure of matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those Members voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
resolution reported by the Committee shall include separate headings for rescissions and transfers of unexpended balances with all proposed rescissions and transfers listed therein. The report of the Committee accompanying such a bill or resolution shall include a separate section with respect to such rescissions or transfers. 
any measure or matter, any Committee Member gives notice of intention to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views, all Members shall be entitled to not less than two additional calendar days after the day of such notice (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) in which to file such views in writing and signed by the Member, with the Clerk of the Committee. All such views so filed shall be included in and shall be a part of the report filed by the Committee with respect to that measure or matter. 
or matter shall be printed in a single volume which— 
(ii) shall have on its cover a recital that 
any such supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views are included as part of the report. 
Committee report unless timely request for the opportunity to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views has been made as provided by such subsection; or 
(ii) the filing by the Committee of a supplemental report on a measure or matter which may be required for correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Committee on that measure or matter. 
any measure or matter for recommendation to the full Committee, any Member of that subcommittee who gives notice of intention to offer supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views shall be entitled, insofar as is practicable and in accordance with the printing requirements as determined by the subcommittee, to include such views in the Committee Print with respect to that measure or matter. 
Each Committee report shall contain a statement of general performance goals and objectives, including outcomerelated goals and objectives, for which the measure authorizes funding. 
Committee shall be taken by the yeas and nays on the demand of onefifth of the Members present. 
record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment; 
question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
such staff and, in his discretion, arrange for the procurement of temporary services of consultants, as from time to time may be required. 
shall be reported to the chairman of the subcommittee requesting such study and examination and to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, shall be made available to the members of the subcommittee concerned, and shall not be released for publication until the subcommittee so determines. 
may be desired, aside from the regular hearings on appropriation items, when approved by the Committee, shall be conducted by the subcommittee having jurisdiction over the matter. 
shall issue a written directive, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, delineating the specific activities to be reviewed by a task force constituted pursuant to the preceding paragraph. 
course of such investigation, and any report produced by, a task force pursuant to this section, shall not be released until the Chairman of the Full Committee has authorized such release. 
such staff, and, in his discretion, arrange for the procurement of temporary services, as from time to time may be required. 
approve requests for travel by subcommittee members and staff for official business within the jurisdiction of that subcommittee. The ranking minority member of a subcommittee shall concur in such travel requests by minority members of that subcommittee and the Ranking Minority Member shall concur in such travel requests for Minority Members of the Committee. Requests in writing covering the purpose, itinerary, and dates of proposed travel shall be submitted for final approval to the Chairman. Specific approval shall be required for each and every trip. 
recess of the Congress to approve travel authorizations for Committee Members and staff, including travel outside the United States. 
shall direct the head of each Government agency concerned to honor requests of subcommittees, individual Members, or staff for travel, the direct or indirect expenses of which are to be defrayed from an executive appropriation, only upon request from the Chairman. 
the Chairman on their travel, covering the purpose, results, itinerary, expenses, and other pertinent comments. 
such travel shall be solely responsible for supporting the amounts reported by the Member or employee. 
shall be publicized making any recommendations on behalf of the Committee without the authorization of a majority of the Committee. 
performing authorized travel on official business pertaining to the jurisdiction of the Committee shall be governed by applicable laws or regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration pertaining to such travel, and as promulgated from time to time by the Chairman. 
numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. 
session of Congress, or after December 15, whichever occurs first, the Chairman may file the report with the Clerk of the House at any time and without the approval of the Committee, provided that a copy of the report has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days and the report includes any supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Committee. 
RULE 1 . RULES OF THE HOUSE ; VICE CHAIRMEN  
a part of the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
with other rules, the Chairman shall appoint Vice Chairmen of the Committee and the 
Subcommittees. If the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee is not present at any meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee, as the case may be, the Vice Chairman shall preside. If the Vice Chairman is not present, the ranking Member of the Majority party on the Committee or Subcommittee who is present shall preside at that meeting. 
if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting or hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote. In these cases, the Chairman shall publicly announce the meeting or hearing at the earliest possible time. The Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record and shall promptly make publicly available in electronic form the appropriate information as soon as possible after the public announcement is made. 
memorandum prepared by the Majority staff summarizing the major provisions of any bill being considered by the Committee, including the need for the bill and its effect on current law, will be available for the Members of the Committee and the public no later than 48 hours before the meeting. 
Promptly.—Each meeting or hearing of the Committee shall begin promptly at the time stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. 
may direct the relevant Committee Staff to note the names of all Members present within the 15–minute period. 
and Subcommittees.—Any Member of the Committee may sit with any Subcommittee during any meeting or hearing, and by unanimous consent of the Members of the Subcommittee, may participate in such meeting or hearing. However, a Member who is not a Member of the Subcommittee may not vote on any matter before the Subcommittee, be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum or raise points of order. 
ordered on the demand of onefifth of the Members present, or by any Member in the apparent absence of a quorum. 
from day to day, a motion to recess subject to the call of the Chairman (within 24 hours), and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution if printed copies are available, are nondebatable motions of high privilege. 
or recommendation reported by a Subcommittee shall be considered by the Committee until two calendar days from the time of Subcommittee action. No bill shall be considered by the Committee unless a copy has been delivered to the office of each Member of the Committee requesting a copy. These requirements may be waived by a majority vote of the Committee at the time of consideration of the measure or recommendation. 
Access to the hearing rooms’ daises (and to the conference rooms adjacent to the Committee hearing rooms) shall be limited to Members of Congress and employees of the Committee during a meeting or hearing of the Committee, except that Committee Members’ personal staff may be present on the daises if their employing Member is the author of a bill or amendment under consideration by the Committee, but only during the time that the bill or amendment is under active consideration by the Committee. Access to the conference rooms adjacent to the Committee hearing rooms shall be limited to Members of Congress and employees of Congress during a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
Senate.—The Chairman may offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a Subcommittee shall file with the relevant Full Committee Staff or Subcommittee Clerk, at least two working days before the day of his or her appearance, a written statement of their proposed testimony. Each witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a fiveminute summary of the written statement, unless the Chairman, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, extends this time period. Subject to the approval of the Committee, the Chairman may waive oral testimony of any witness who has submitted written testimony for the record. In addition, a witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the previous calendar years by the witness or by the entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. The disclosure shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign 
government. Failure to comply with these disclosure requirements may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the hearing record and/or the barring of an oral 
is conducted by the Committee or any Subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the Minority party Members on the Committee or Subcommittee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chairman by a majority of those Minority Members before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the Minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearings thereon. 
not be presented orally, unless the Chairman or his designee makes a statement, in which case the Ranking Minority Member or his designee may also make a statement. In addition, the Vice Chairman may make a statement, in which case, a designee of the Ranking Minority Member may also make a statement. If a witness scheduled to testify at any hearing of the Committee is a constituent of a Member of the Committee, that Member shall be entitled to briefly introduce the witness at the hearing. 
This period shall not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
materials submitted specifically for inclusion in the hearing record must address the announced subject matter of the hearing and be submitted to the relevant Full Committee Staff or Subcommittee Clerk no later than 10 business days following the last day of the hearing. 
has been approved by the Committee shall be filed within seven calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House of Representatives is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the relevant Full Committee Staff a written request, signed by a majority of the Members of the Committee, for the reporting of that measure. Upon the filing with the relevant Full Committee Staff of this request, the Staff shall transmit immediately to the Chairman notice of the filing of that request. 
or Minority Views.—Any Member may, if notice is given by any Member at the time a measure or matter is approved by the Committee, file supplemental, additional, dissenting or minority views. These views must be in writing and signed by each Member joining therein and be filed with the Committee Chief Counsel not less than two additional calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays except when the House is in session on those days) of the time the bill or resolution is approved by the Committee. This paragraph shall not preclude the filing of any supplemental report on any measure or matter that may be required for the correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Committee on that bill or resolution. 
‘‘This report has not been officially adopted by the {Committee on Natural Resources} {Subcommittee} and may not therefore necessarily reflect the views of its Members.’’ RULE 6 . ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEES ; 
standing Subcommittees of the Committee, with the following jurisdiction and responsibilities: 
National Park System and its units, including Federal reserved water rights. 
objects of interest on the public domain and other historic preservation programs and activities, including national monuments, historic sites and programs for international cooperation in the field of historic preservation. 
power from Federal water projects by Federally chartered or Federal regional power marketing authorities. 
water resources planning conducted pursuant to the Water Resources Planning Act, water resource research and development programs and saline water research and development. 
of coastal and marine environments, estuarine protection, and coastal barriers (except coastal zone management). 
the U.S. Geological Survey, except for the activities and programs of the Water Resources Division or its successor. 
all matters involving mining regulation and enforcement, including the reclamation of mined lands, the environmental effects of mining, and the management of mineral receipts, mineral land laws and claims, long range mineral programs and deep seabed mining. 
lands and conservation of the radium supply in the United States. 
transportation of natural gas from or within Alaska and disposition of oil transported by the transAlaska oil pipeline. 
the United States with Native Americans and Native American tribes, including special oversight functions under House Rule X. 
responsibility to Native Americans and the sovereignty of Native Americans. 
general applicability, including the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endangered Species Act. 
investigative authority over activities, policies and programs within the jurisdiction of the Full Committee. 
and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may serve as exofficio Members of each standing Subcommittee to which the Chairman or the Ranking Minority Member have not been assigned. Exofficio Members shall have the right to fully participate in Subcommittee activities but may not vote and may not be counted in establishing a quorum. 
Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence and report to the Committee on all matters within its jurisdiction. Each Subcommittee shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution and effectiveness of those statutes, or parts of statutes, the subject matter of which is within that Subcommittee’s jurisdiction; and the organization, operation, and regulations of any Federal agency or entity having responsibilities in or for the administration of such statutes, to determine whether these statutes are being implemented and carried out in accordance with the intent of Congress. Each Subcommittee shall review and study any conditions or circumstances indicating the need of enacting new or supplemental legislation within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee. Each Subcommittee shall have general and continuing oversight and investigative authority over activities, policies and programs within the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee. 
for those measures or matters retained at the Full Committee, every legislative measure or other matter referred to the Committee shall be referred to the maximum extent possible to the Subcommittee of jurisdiction within two weeks of the date of its referral to the Committee. If any measure or matter is within or affects the jurisdiction of one or more Subcommittees, the Chairman may refer that measure or matter simultaneously to two or more Subcommittees for concurrent consideration or for consideration in sequence subject to appropriate time limits, or divide the matter into two or more parts and refer each part to a Subcommittee. 
majority of the Majority Members of the Committee, may refer a legislative measure or other matter to a select or special Subcommittee. A legislative measure or other matter referred by the Chairman to a Subcommittee may be recalled from the Subcommittee for direct consideration by the 
Full Committee, or for referral to another Subcommittee, provided Members of the Committee receive one week written notice of the recall and a majority of the Members of the Committee do not object. In addition, a legislative measure or other matter referred by the Chairman to a Subcommittee may be recalled from the Subcommittee at any time by majority vote of the Committee for direct consideration by the Full Committee or for referral to another Subcommittee. 
Chairman shall consult with the Chairman of the Full Committee prior to setting dates for Subcommittee meetings and hearings with a view towards avoiding whenever possible conflicting Committee and Subcommittee meetings and hearings. 
RULE 7 . TASK FORCES , SPECIAL OR SELECT  
Committee is authorized, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, to appoint Task Forces, or special or select Subcommittees, to carry out the duties and functions of the Committee. 
and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may serve as exofficio Members of each Task Force, or special or select Subcommittee if they are not otherwise members. Exofficio Members shall have the right to fully participate in activities but may not vote and may not be counted in establishing a quorum. 
Members to Minority Members, excluding exofficio Members, on each Task Force, special or select Subcommittee shall be as close as practicable to the ratio on the Full Committee. 
can temporarily resign his or her position on a Subcommittee to serve on a Task Force, special or select Subcommittee without prejudice to the Member’s seniority on the Subcommittee. 
conferees on a particular measure, the Chairman shall recommend to the Speaker as conferees those Majority Members, as well as those Minority Members recommended to the Chairman by the Ranking Minority Member, primarily responsible for the measure. The ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members recommended for conferences shall be no greater than the ratio on the Committee. 
make available to the public for review at reasonable times in the Committee office transcripts of public meetings and hearings, 
except those that are unrevised or unedited and intended solely for the use of the Committee. 
the Public.—In addition to any other requirement of these rules or the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman shall cause to be made available publicly in electronic form the following: 
which a recorded vote is taken which shall be posted no later than 24 hours after the vote is taken that shall include: 
description of the motion, order or other proposition; and 
and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, the names of those Members voting present, and the names of any Member not present. 
Committee by voice vote or unanimous consent within 24 hours of the adoption of the amendment. 
the Committee of each budget, the Chairman, acting pursuant to clause 6 of House Rule X, shall prepare and introduce in the House a supporting expense resolution, and take all action necessary to bring about its approval by the Committee on House Administration and by the House of Representatives. 
for the payment of additional or unforeseen Committee expenses may be procured by one or more additional expense resolutions processed in the same manner as set out under this rule. 
members are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X, as well as any written personnel policies the Committee may from time to time adopt. 
Chairman shall appoint, determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the legislative and administrative employees of the Committee not assigned to the Minority. The legislative and administrative staff of the Committee not assigned to the Minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of these staff members and delegate any authority he determines appropriate. 
Member of the Committee shall appoint, determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the legislative and administrative staff assigned to the Minority within the budget approved for those purposes. The legislative and administrative staff assigned to the Minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee who may delegate any authority the Ranking Member determines appropriate. 
all Committee staff shall be available to all Members of the Committee. 
the Committee may from time to time adopt, all travel of Members and staff of the Committee or its Subcommittees, to hearings, meetings, conferences and investigations, including all foreign travel, must be authorized by the Full Committee Chairman prior to any public notice of the travel and prior to the actual travel. In the case of Minority staff, all travel shall first be approved by the Ranking Minority Member. Funds authorized for the Committee under clauses 6 and 7 of House Rule X are for expenses incurred in the Committee’s activities within the United States. 
and take actions as may be necessary to carry out the rules of the Committee or to facilitate the effective administration of the Committee, in accordance with the rules of the Committee and the Rules of the House of Representatives. ADJOURNMENT 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, February 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Legislative Affairs, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for FY 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
and Government Reform. H.R. 50. A bill to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–11, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 527. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–12, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 70. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 13). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committees on the Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 50 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII the 
Committee on Small Business discharged from further consideration. H.R. 527 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. N ORTON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON  
PETERSON , Ms. B ASS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 634. A bill to allow travel between the 
United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
H.R. 635. A bill to facilitate the export of 
United States agricultural products to Cuba as authorized by the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000, to remove impediments to the export to Cuba of medical devices and medicines, to allow travel to Cuba by United States legal residents, to establish an agricultural export promotion program with respect to Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Agriculture, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R EED, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): 
H.R. 636. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 637. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain taxfree distributions from individual retirement accounts for charitable purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Emergency Management Agency from recouping certain assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 639. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and 
distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 640. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax rate for excise tax on investment income of private foundations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ENT, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. K IND, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ARSON of 
MEEHAN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
REED, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. M URPHY  
H.R. 641. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
KUSTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 642. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the eligibility for beneficiary travel for veterans seeking treatment or care for military sexual trauma in specialized outpatient or residential programs at facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 643. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to enter into a contract with a nongovernment entity to conduct a survey of individuals who have used or are using their entitlement to educational assistance under the educational assistance programs administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 644. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide career education pathways in manufacturing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself and Mr. LARSONof Connecticut): 
H.R. 646. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, 
H.R. 647. A bill to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 648. A bill to amend title XII of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
loans under the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program to modify the interest rate of such loans to be equal to the interest rate for such loans at the time of modification; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. B ARR, and Ms. 
H.R. 650. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 651. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and 
H.R. 652. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reauthorize the State infrastructure bank program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 653. A bill to amend section 552 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to provide for greater public access to information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Mr. BURGESS, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. N UGENT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. C URBELO  
ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G OHMERT , 
COFFMAN , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. H ARRIS): 
H.R. 654. A bill to prohibit the modification, termination, abandonment, or transfer of the lease by which the United States acquired the land and waters containing Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 655. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to reform the Federal Communications Commission by requiring an analysis of benefits and costs during the rule making process and creating certain presumptions regarding regulatory forbearance and biennial regulatory review determinations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. POE 
of Texas, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ASSIE , 
H.R. 656. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, with respect to disclosures to governments by communicationsrelated service providers of certain information consisting of or relating to communications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 657. A bill to direct the United States 
Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Glendale, New York; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 658. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress an annual report on the performance of the regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
LUCAS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. 
of the Interior’s listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, to prevent further consideration of listing of such species as a threatened species or endangered species under that Act pending implementation of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies’ Lesser PrairieChicken RangeWide Conservation Plan and other conservation measures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 660. A bill to amend section 1105 of 
title 31, United States Code, to allow the President not to make an annual budget resolution until all appropriations for the preceding fiscal year are enacted; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Development Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R OSS, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
BALART , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
York, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 662. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administration’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of traditional and premium cigars; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 663. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicaredependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare lowvolume hospital program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 664. A bill to allow travel between the 
United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): 
H.R. 665. A bill to provide for the establishment of the TickBorne Diseases Advisory Committee; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the use of United States Armed Forces against the terrorist organization Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (‘‘ISIL’’); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. S MITH 
for designation of February 12, 2015, as ‘‘Darwin Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Education and the Workforce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Agriculture in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H. Res. 73. A resolution recognizing the importance of trade to the United States economy and the importance of completing free trade agreements with Pacific Rim countries and the European Union; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. PRICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
York, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. H INOJOSA): 
School Counseling Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations 
H.R. 635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations 
H.R. 636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states . . .’’ 
H.R. 640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 643. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause One ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause One ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 651. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. 
H.R. 652. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 653. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 654. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 655. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 656. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 658. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 660. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 661. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 662. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 663. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 664. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, granting authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, granting authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for executing the foregoing powers. 
H.R. 665. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill is based is Congress’s power under Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 27. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. 
H.R. 169: Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
H.R. 183: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 197: Mr. D OLD, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. L ARSEN  
H.R. 234: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 247: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
H.R. 281: Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 284: Mrs. B LACK and Mrs. E LLMERS . 
H.R. 333: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
H.R. 381: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 408: Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and 
MCGOVERN , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
LUMMIS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H URT of Virginia, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 453: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mrs. 
HARTZLER . H.R. 465: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP  
of Utah, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 483: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 523: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. N EAL, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. 
H.R. 527: Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
H.R. 529: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
H.R. 540: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
H.R. 544: Ms. M ENG, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
H.R. 546: Ms. M OORE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
HARPER , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. 
H.R. 586: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 587: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J OYCE , 
Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 596: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. T ROTT , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. W OMACK , Mrs. 
LOVE, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
H.R. 608: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 623: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S WALWELL  
H. Res. 12: Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . H. Res. 28: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ANCE , and Ms. M ENG. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. L ONG and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on House Administration in H.R. 596, to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
H.R. 596, a bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes, referred to the Committee on Appropriations, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI with respect to the provisions for which the bill was referred to the Committee. 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Rules in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 596 do not contain any congressional 
earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S677 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2015 No. 17 