celebrate the life, legacy, and work of Harlem Activist Minnie Moore was a dear friend, a dynamic political activist and an excellent community service provider. She was a devout Christian that lived her life with an indomitable spirit of love and giving. She was a compassionate, hard working, and socially responsible individual that gave several decades of service that strengthen the entire community. On June 20, at Harlem’s historic Abyssinian Baptist Church, the Africana community gathers to memorialize Minnie Moore’s contributions to the Harlem community. Minnie Moore was born on June 28, 1921 to the late Claudia and Joseph Gassaway. She married her childhood sweetheart, Cleveland Moore (now deceased) and came with him to Harlem, New York from Dothan Alabama during the Great Migration north. 
for more than 70 years, the impact of her meritorious service spanned many decades. In the early sixties Minnie was instrumental in incorporating the New York City Housing Authority Saint Nicholas Houses first tenants’ association. Over a 10year period she served in various offices including treasurer, vicepresident and president. For many years Minnie was also a faithful member of the Mt. Nebo Baptist Church under the spiritual direction of the late Rev. William D. Gardner. 
to support many outstanding political figures during their burgeoning years. In the 1970’s and 1980’s during the ‘War on Poverty’, Minnie Moore worked diligently and sidebyside with me, and my brothers Percy Ellis Sutton, David N. Dinkins and Basil Paterson. Other Harlem elites include The Hon. George Miller, The Hon. H. Carl McCall, The Hon. Fred Samuels, The Hon. Hilton Clark and The Hon. Keith L.T. Wright. 
Obama and held great appreciation in knowing her years of community service and political activism must have contributed in some measure to this monumental, historical occurrence. 
slaves and did not complete her college education, Minnie Moore touched the hearts of the entire Harlem community. Minnie established the Harriet Tubman Block Association, which provided an array of programmatic activities including educational and social services to children and families through summer youth programs; recreational activities; annual block parties; support to struggling artists; after school homework assistance; ongoing workshops on critical social and healthrelated issues; pantries, flea markets; and donations of holiday baskets for Thanksgiving and 
of the Harriet Tubman Block Association, Minnie held many positions of service and leadership within the New York area including Past Worthy Matron of the Eastern Star, Universal Chapter #7; Captain of the 127th Street Block Association, Member Officer of HARYOU; Secretary for Community Board #10: Executive President of the Park Avenue North Color Guard; Executive President of the St. Nicholas Cavaliers Junior, Senior & AllGirls Softball Teams; Democratic County Committee Member and an Alternate Delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1984. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me in recognizing our beloved Mother Minnie Moore and her contributions that has positively impacted the Harlem community and countless citizens across this Nation. Her dedication, commitment, and spiritual guidance is worthy of our Nation’s highest esteem. Minnie was a family treasure and community icon. Her kindness, generosity and wisdom will truly be missed. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TWENTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COALITION FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE 
recognize the twentieth anniversary of the Coalition for Social Justice (CSJ) based in Southeastern Massachusetts. 
For twenty years, the CSJ has been dedicated to the praiseworthy goal of building a grassroots movement for progressive social change, rooted in lowincome communities and communities of color that have been excluded from the economic benefits of the current system. 
The CSJ has a dual focus: to recruit and 
develop its own leaders from low income backgrounds; and to organize effective campaigns to address the economic survival issues that lowincome communities and communities of color face. CSJ’s agenda includes: funding essential community services through progressive taxes, worker’s rights, housing, health care, education, welfare, criminal justice reform, immigrant rights, and environmental justice. 
for the needs of workingclass families. For example, in 2014 CSJ helped increase minimum wage in Massachusetts, and also helped earn sick time for all workers in Massachusetts. In 2011, CSJ helped to restore the children’s clothing allowance of $150 per year per child so children were able to start the school year with suitable clothing. These examples represent only a small fraction of CSJ’s commendable work. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating the CSJ on its twentieth year anniversary. It gives me great pride to recognize them for all of the admirable work they do for those in need. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, although I oppose H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I rise in support of Section 302 of the bill because it wisely allows Customs and Border Protection (CBP) the flexibility to determine when there is a suspicion that goods are counterfeit. The section clarifies that CBP shall consult with Intellectual Property (IP) owners and preserves the flexibility of customs to first consult as appropriate with the importer. However, it does not direct CBP to modify in any particular way its procedures regarding notice to importers prior to determining whether there is a suspicion that their detained goods are possibly counterfeit. This should result in earlier and more accurate decisions by CBP and preserve the ability of lawful importers to protect their confidential information from disclosure. 
genuine material have suffered significant and real costs because of CBP suspicions that the material was counterfeit. These losses occurred because shipments that were detained or seized were ultimately determined to be genuine and released long after their arrival and expected delivery dates. For example, in one case, a company suffered delays and increased costs for over 17 shipments that were seized or intensively examined by CBP over a threemonth period after which all of the goods were ultimately determined to be genuine and 
were released long after their arrival and expected delivery dates. In another case, a company reported one shipment was seized and another one was detained for more than 30 days before both of these shipments were found to be genuine and were released. As a result of these long delays, the importers in each of these cases suffered significant costs for storage, brokerage, legal fees, product damage, and losses in customer good will. 
Ways & Means Committee members who remain as committed as I am to preventing counterfeit merchandise from crossing our borders. I look forward to working with them to ensure smooth implementation of this new policy. 
today to recognize and honor the life of Reverend Dr. James E. Gunther, the well respected Pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, ecumenist and an elder among African American Lutheran Pastors. I am honored to acknowledge the life and contributions of one of Harlem’s forward thinking religious leaders of the 21st century. 
On June 20th, at Harlem’s historic Transfiguration Lutheran Church, the Harlem community gathers to memorialize Dr. Gunther. He devoted his life to enlightening African Americans and is noted for illuminating our spiritual enlargement to embrace a global unification and cultural learning. 
Harlem community and was a man of purpose, passion and true conviction in service to others. Known as a ‘‘Poor, Humble, Parish priest, he served for a brief time at Nativity Lutheran Church and Tabernacle Lutheran Church, Philadelphia, as part of the Center City Lutheran Parish, before moving on to Transfiguration Lutheran Church in Harlem where he served for 38 years, retiring in 1998. A year later he was named Pastor Emeritus. 
led a large parish with many Caribbean roots at the Transfiguration Lutheran Church. He was a member of the Governing Board of the National Council of Churches of Christ in the USA (NCC) representing the Lutheran Church of America (LCA). A Humanitarian, he served as a Board member of the National Committee of Black Churchmen. Focusing on Economic Justice Working Group, the Division of Overseas Ministry and the Committee on Research and Planning, he served as a Board member of the National Committee of Black Churchmen. 
Through Reverend Gunther, illustrious leadership, he founded and chaired the Harlem College Assistance Project from 1964–1977 sending more than 5,000 young black and Hispanic students to college. An inspiriting thought leader, he served on the Harlem Urban Development Corporation, the Board of the Roosevelt Island Corporation, the New York Urban Coalition and the Ministerial Interfaith Association. 
A man way ahead of his time, Dr. Gunther, 
was born on May 5, 1932 in Philadelphia, PA. Educated in Philadelphia Public Schools, he 
continued his collegiate journey attending the University of Pennsylvania. He holds degrees from Philadelphia College of the Bible, Houghton College, the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia, and Harvard University with studies in Psychology, Religion, Theology and Church and Society. 
served on the Executive council of the LCA and represented the church at the 1977 Sixth Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation in Dar es Salaam, East Africa, working on the Statement Human Rights and the Statement on South Africa. Dr. Gunther encouraged all that he met ‘‘To Think Globally While Acting Locally’’. In addition, Dr. Gunther served as Trustee 
of Susquehanna University, Selinsgrove, PA; Wagner College, Staten Island, NY and Muhlenberg University, Allentown, PA. He subsequently served as a Board Member of Augsburg Fortress Publishers, an Adjunct Professor at Christ Bible College, Malcolm King College (associated with Fordham University and MarymountManhattan College, and the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me in recognizing Reverend Dr. James E. Gunther, and his contributions and innovations that have positively impacted the quality of life for countless citizens across this Nation. His unwavering dedication, commitment, and spiritual guidance is worthy of our Nation’s highest esteem. 
Pensions are one of the surest means to afford millions of middle class families an opportunity for security in retirement, to enjoy their golden years without being afraid that they haven’t saved enough money or what they have saved could run out. Pensions guarantee our senior citizens will know they have a check arriving every month for as long as they live. This is true retirement security. 
ensured that retirees are given the highest level of protection. For forty years, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, controlled that pension benefits in multiemployer plans should be cut only when a plan runs out of money—and even then, the benefits of retirees should be the last to be cut. This has held tried and true because it was the right thing to do. Retirees worked their entire life to earn the promise and benefit of a guaranteed pension. 
This was all uprooted by Congress’ December vote on the Omnibus funding bill. A provision that was stuck into the 1,600 page Omnibus bill, at the last minute, forced a decision between shutting down the government and cutting retiree’s pension benefits for the first time ever. 
retirees, are in multiemployer pension plans that federal officials say are in danger of running out of money in the near future. The provision Congress passed allowed for the first time for the benefits of current retirees to be cut as part of a deal to address the fiscal distress confronting some of the nation’s multi employer pension plans, having a direct impact on 1.5 million American retirees. 
‘‘Keep Our Pension Promises Act’’ with Senator BERNIE SANDERS of Vermont, to correct 
upon our most vulnerable retirees by restoring anticutback rules so that retirees in financially troubled multiemployer pension plans are protected from having their earned benefits cut. It will allow plans to partition off ‘‘orphaned’’ 
participants into a separate plan, giving participating employers relief from having to shoulder the full financial burden and risk of underfunded ‘‘orphaned’’ participants—ensuring the ability for plans to become financially secure once more. 
Recognizing that funding is the ultimate concern, the act shores up the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp and creates a legacy fund to ensure participants in partitioned plans will continue to receive the benefits they depend upon. The costs to create this fund are covered by closing tax loopholes the very wealthy use to accumulate expensive artwork and avoid estate and gift taxes. 
are prioritized during bankruptcies, which will help the remaining employers in the plan by making it less likely they become responsible for underfunded orphan plans. 
citizens the opportunity to enjoy their years of hard work in retirement and receive the payouts they spent a life time to earn. This effort recognizes that shared sacrifices are the appropriate course of action to address weakness in pension plans. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure and correct the misguided action passed in last year’s Omnibus funding bill. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF SHARON, MASSACHUSETTS 
celebrate the 250th anniversary of the founding of Sharon, Massachusetts, a town whose slogan ‘‘A Better Place to Live Because It’s Naturally Beautiful’’ is uncontroverted. Sharon’s landscape represents a classic New England destination with its treelined streets, pristine white church spires encasing bells manufactured by Paul Revere, its forested high plains and the peacefulness of Lake Massapoag. 
First settled in 1637 as part of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, Sharon was established as the 2nd precinct of its neighboring town Stoughton in 1740. On June 21, 1765, an act passed by the Council and the House of Representatives and signed by Governor Bernard incorporated the second precinct of Stoughton into the district named Stoughtonham. It was subsequently named after the Sharon plains in Israel due to its plentiful forests and greenery. Engrained in the history of Sharon is the strength of its townspeople who manufactured weapons for the Continental Army during the American Revolution. The heroism of the colonial townspeople of Sharon is exemplified by the historical figure Deborah Sampson, a woman who disguised herself as a man in order to display her patriotism by fighting for her country in the Revolutionary War. 
for its thriving culture. Local artists and businesses have contributed to the unique character of this charming Massachusetts town. 
A boisterous population of 18,000 individuals inhabit Sharon, providing the town with 
But one thing is a constant in Sharon: the friendliness of its townspeople. As my hometown, where I resided for over half a century, I had the pleasure of a place that valued the meaning of friendship. The people of Sharon are kind, tolerant, spirited and it is due to their love of neighborliness that Sharon has been able to remain a steadfast community, truly representing the very best that our Commonwealth and our country has to offer. 
the 250th anniversary of Sharon, Massachusetts. May this beautiful Massachusetts town flourish for many years to come. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember a truly selfless resident of Great Falls, Virginia, Col. Pete Hilgartner. 
Hilgartner began his service to our nation by enlisting in the U.S. Marine Corps. He received a fleet appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy and upon graduation in 1951 was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in the U.S. Marine Corps. 
During the Korean War, he served as an artillery forward observer and received the Bronze Star with Combat ‘‘V’’ for meritorious conduct against the enemy in these actions. 
In Vietnam, he commanded the 1st Battalion, Fifth Marine Regiment, the most decorated combat battalion in the U.S. Marine Corp. His tour as Battalion Commander of a frontline Marine Infantry Battalion was one of the longest of any during the war and his battalion fought in numerous actions, including every major action that occurred in the 1st Marine Division sector from November 1966 to September 1967. His six and a half foot stature earned him the name ‘‘Highpockets’’ by his Marines, who loved him for his competency and his concern for his men’s welfare. Under his command, his unit received two 
Presidential Unit Citations, for Operations Union, Union II, and Swift. Col. Hilgartner himself was awarded twice the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry with Palm, the Legion of Merit, and the Silver Star medal, for gallantry in combat during Operation Swift. 
Hilgartner completed a Master’s degree only to return for an additional tour as a staff officer in Saigon eventually achieving the rank of Colonel by the time of his retirement from active duty in 1972. From there he would transition into a successful career in the brokerage investment business, author of two books and serve as an active member of the community; holding multiple roles as a Virginia Hunter Education Instructor, President of both the McLean Rotary Club and Northern Virginia Brittany Club, and in the aftermath of September 11th led the Great Falls Memorial Committee helping create the Great Falls Memorial in the remembrance of those lost in the September 11th attacks. 
Hilgartner, his five children by his first wife, Frances Haynes Hilgartner: Linda Bassett, Diana Boyd, Dale Cirillo, David Hilgartner, and Paul Hilgartner, 10 grandchildren, five great grandchildren, his stepson Greg Fernlund and his stepgrandchildren. ‘‘Uncle Pete’’ was also a loving uncle and grandfather to his deceased brother Fielding’s 5 children and 11 grandchildren. 
for his heroic service to his nation and will truly be missed by all of the many lives that he touched and enriched. 
celebrate the life, legacy, and work of my dear distinguished friend, Clemente Pugh who was affectionately known to all of as ‘‘Clem’’. As a strong believer in the power of knowledge, she 
demonstrated the importance of learning and expanding educational opportunities to women and African Americans throughout our great Nation. On June 20th, at Harlem’s historic, The Riverside Church, family and community gathers to memorialize Clem’s life and contributions to opening our minds to the importance of culture, honesty, and knowledge. 
On April 11, 1925, Clemente was born to Alberta and Otho High in Raleigh, North Carolina. She attended Shaw University where she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree. She began her career as a psychiatric social worker, moving on to becoming a public school teacher and eventually, a professor at Hunter and Lehman Colleges of the City University of New York. After 20 years of service at Lehman College, she was awarded the title of Professor Emeritus Education. She went on to earn a Master of Social Work degree in 1949 from New York’s Columbia University and a Doctorate in Education from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst in 1982 where she was awarded the prestigious title of Professor Emeritus of Education for her teachings. 
Clem vividly strived for honesty and understanding. She made it her duty to present others with the awareness she obtained. Her tireless effort to engage, enjoy, and educate people touched the hearts of every person she met. A woman ahead of her time, Clemente Pugh tackled the many realms of ‘‘isms’’ including, racism, sexism and classism. Her life was devoted to acknowledging and improving how these infected opinions affect African American people. With her remarkable resilience, I am proud to have called Clemente and her husband, Douglas Pugh, my dear and very special friends. I know that her legacy will live on for many years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me as we pay tribute to such a treasure to our community. I pledge to continue to carry out her tradition of provoking thought and feeling for all who have lost their way, or simply need to be reminded of who we are, what we come from, and how we can overcome any obstacle presented before us. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, June 22, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2042, to allow for judicial review of any 
final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability (H. Rept. 114–171). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Kurt Gerhard, St. Patrick’s Episcopal Church, Washington, DC. 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 12:02 p.m. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD736 June 19, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E935 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E936 Keating, William R., Mass., E935, E936 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E935, E936, E937 