with two constituents, Aida and Norma, who have lived and worked in this country for years, rearing their families here and paying taxes. I also saw my former student Blanca after she met with President Obama to talk about the positive impact the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program has had on her life. Like Aida and Norma, Blanca is a long time resident of Southern Nevada and an active member of our community; she holds a degree from UNLV and is planning to attend law school. 
Accountability (DAPA) program, Aida and Norma’s families no longer live in constant fear of separation. And because of DACA, Blanca can continue to pursue her American Dream without the threat of deportation. 
war against immigrants. They are actively working to repeal DACA and DAPA and strip away these critical protections for DREAMers and their families. They refuse to consider comprehensive immigration reform. They are wasting time suing the President for taking executive action to prevent the separation of families. And they are jeopardizing national security by tying antiimmigrant riders to the DHS funding bill. 
to find a longterm, comprehensive fix to our broken immigration system, Republicans are 
turning their backs on women like Aida, Norma, and Blanca. They are keeping people in the shadows and costing our economy over $800 billion. They’d rather attack families than terrorists. 
I urge Republicans to immediately stop waging their morally indefensible, economically foolish, and physically dangerous war on undocumented families, listen to the American people, and immediately pass the immigration reform we need. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MEDICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF DR. JOHN SHEA, JR. 
honor the life and medical contributions of renowned surgeon, innovator and ‘‘father of middleear surgery,’’ Memphian Dr. John Shea, Jr. A graduate of the University of Notre Dame and Harvard Medical School, Dr. Shea served in the Korean War before returning to Memphis and taking over his father’s medical practice in 1952. Two years later, he traveled to Vienna, Austria where he began extensive research into otosclerosis that would lead to his inventing the world’s first prosthetic stapes— the tiny stirrupshaped bone in the middle ear—and performing the groundbreaking stapedectomy procedure, which has since been used by doctors worldwide. 
While in Vienna, he read German manuscripts on otosclerosis, which is a condition of the inner ear that causes calcification of the stapes and is considered a leading cause of deafness. Although the medical community ended surgical attempts to address this condition 50 years earlier, Dr. Shea had a vision to combat this cause of deafness in middleaged adults by replacing the calcified bone with a prosthetic. While many of his colleagues questioned the procedure as dangerous, Dr. Shea was convinced through his research that the revolutionary surgery would work. On May 1, 1956, he successfully performed the first stapedectomy and went on to repeat the procedure nearly 50,000 times during his career before retiring in 2011. 
and developing the stapedectomy, Dr. Shea contributed to otology surgical instruments including drills and microscopes, and intratympanic perfusion treatment for Meniere’s disease or spontaneous vertigo. His ingenuity earned him a spot on the London Times list of ‘‘1,000 Makers of the Twentieth Century’’ and a 1962 featured cover article in LIFE magazine as one of five people who were recognized as part of ‘‘The Takeover Generation.’’ In 2013, he donated 406 papers, including over 300 published articles, documenting his life’s work to the local Memphis Public Library’s Memphis Room. Dr. Shea belonged to more than 50 scientific societies, and was a clinical professor in the otolaryngology departments of the University of Tennessee, the University of Mississippi, the University of North Carolina and Tulane University. Additionally, he received honorary doctorates from Memphis schools Christian Brothers University and Rhodes College, and an honorary fellowship from the Australian and English Royal College of Surgeons. 
Shea and his father as he, too, was a physician and operated the Children’s Clinic at 1155 Madison, down the street from Dr. Shea, Sr.’s Ear Nose and Throat Hospital. He told me about the hospital and spoke admiringly of Dr. Shea and his father. Memphis has long been home to many great medical institutions, 
including Campbell Clinic, the University of Tennessee Health Science Center, the Elvis Presley Trauma Center at Regional One Health (formerly The Med) and the Shea Ear Clinic. Many Memphis physicians have received national acclaim but none have been more renowned than Dr. John Shea, Jr., 
Clinic at Poplar and Ridgeway in Memphis where his son, Dr. Paul Shea continues the family practice today. Dr. Shea, Jr. was a pioneer in the field of otology and a legendary doctor who helped usher in a new era of treatment. He came from one family of physicians and leaves behind another. Memphis will miss John Shea, Jr., and I send my condolences to his wife Lynda Lee Mead; sons Paul and Dr. John Shea III (private practice otologist); daughters Susanna Shea and Wendy Canarios; seven grandchildren and three great grandchildren; and his friends and loved ones. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life and medical contributions of Dr. John Shea, Jr. His was a life welllived. 
to honor an extraordinary woman who testified before the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources while I was chairman. Sandra Collins, from my home state of Washington, has seen a lot in her life. She dealt with domestic violence, addiction, homelessness, separation from her children, and depression. She didn’t let any of this stop her. 
Jobs Program and Goodwill, she turned her life around. Now, not only is Sandra clean, employed, and reunited with her children, she is succeeding beyond her own expectations. On February 19th, a new Goodwill Outlet Store will open in Olympia, WA. Sandra will be its manager. The new store brings jobs and hundreds of thousands of dollars to the local economy—and when local economies are thriving, so is our national economy. 
I could not be more proud of Sandra and 
what she has achieved. I am honored to have met her and am so pleased that her testimony will help shape future legislation. I congratulate her today, on her success and her hard work. She is an example for all. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 10 a.m., on Thursday, February 19, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 2:02 p.m. Committee Meetings 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD152 February 17, 2015 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
Reichert, David G., Wash., E223 Titus, Dina, Nev., E223 