Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, Chip Anderson has been an integral part of Kenilworth Scouting—more specifically, 
Troop 13—for the last 8 years. He has provided outstanding leadership and support to the young men of Kenilworth, Illinois, as first the troop quartermaster, and then as the troop Scoutmaster. He is moving to Atlanta with his family for career reasons and resigning his active leadership position with Troop 13, but will always remain a vital part of Troop 13 and its legacy. 
very active with weekly meetings, community service projects, and monthly camping and overnight trips, including the annual Boundary Waters High Adventure for the rising seventh grade boys. 
only, measure of success, and during his tenure Troop 13 has had 45 young men attain the rank of Eagle, Scouting’s highest rank. Chip has directly supported each of these young men, as well as all the young men in the troop. Most have called him a mentor and friend in the notes they have written to express their thanks. 
contribution, and as a community we feel very fortunate to have had his leadership and dedication to the Scouting program and to the development of young men in the village. 
today. It as an honor to call him my friend. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of a longterm reauthorization of the highway trust fund. 
Attleboro, Massachusetts, came to Washington to tell me how another stopgap bill would negatively impact projects in his city. 
some of the oldest in our country. Of the over 5,000 bridges in our Commonwealth, more than half are considered deficient. 
schoolbuses cross our structurally compromised bridges nearly 10 million times. Those numbers underscore the urgency for our government to provide the critical, longterm investments in infrastructure that our constituents demand and deserve. 
patch of the highway trust fund, we are continuing the uncertainty and doubt that prevents States and municipalities from moving forward on projects that not only create jobs but keep all of us safe. 
transportation plan is hindering our ability to maintain the infrastructure we already have, when we should be instead focused on new projects that increase our modern economy in communities across our country. 
It is time to fix this problem. It is 
time to invest in our country. It is time to pass this bill. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, recently, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley designated May as Teacher Appreciation Month. 
know firsthand the time, resources, support, and guidance our dedicated educators give to their students. While I regularly take the opportunity to visit schools and honor educators throughout the year, I am grateful for the opportunity to give special recognition and thanks to our hardworking educators this month. 
constituent, Daniel Oddo, from Dreher High School, who was a finalist for the South Carolina Teacher of the Year. Staff member Drew Kennedy is a Dreher graduate. 
Teachers Association, led by executive director Kathy Maness, for their tireless work on behalf of teachers across the State. The success of our teachers is amplified by the leadership of State Superintendent of Education Molly 
Spearman, who is dedicated to recruiting and retaining quality teachers in the Palmetto State. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
today in support of longterm investments in our Nation’s critical transportation infrastructure. 
bridges are crumbling, and communities are in need of updated transit systems. Investments in critical infrastructure are necessary to ensure our roads, bridges, and transit systems are in good working condition and updated with the newest technologies to ensure our safety. Jobs hang in the balance. The safety of our constituents hang in the balance. 
more than 5,000 bridges in need of repair. More than 700 of those are in my district. We must make sure that critical road and infrastructure projects are not put on hold and that jobs are not placed in jeopardy. 
the smart decision for our Nation and support a longterm solution to funding our transportation infrastructure. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to urge my fellow Republicans and other Members to support the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. 
Services Committee came together in a bipartisan fashion to pass this legislation out of committee with a vote of 60–2. That seems pretty bipartisan to me. And it should be. Our Nation’s security should not be a partisan issue. 
The committee had a goal of implementing some lasting reforms to ensure that our military is better prepared for the challenges that we face. 
Part of facing these challenges is ensuring that our military has the very best training and weapons systems for the fight. This legislation recognizes that need by preserving the A–10, which is the best close air support aircraft, and flown out of Moody Air Force Base. 
This bill also invests in the future replacement of the JSTARS, an important ISR platform that flies out of Robins Air Force Base. 
It is as honor to serve as a voice for 
Robins and Moody in Congress, and I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation for our Nation’s warfighters who 
bravely serve so that we may remain the land of the free. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Learning to do, doing to learn, earning to live, living to serve.’’ Those 12 short words comprise the motto of the Future Farmers of America Organization, founded in 1928 by 33 students from 18 different States who came together with a shared mission to develop as the future farmers of this country. 
economy, supporting more than 23 million jobs in our country. But it is also an industry that requires more than just skills and knowledge that might be learned in the classroom, skills that are necessary to feed our country and to connect with the changing marketplace and consumers. 
gap by expanding not only agricultural education in our schools but also in teaching students to be confident participants and leaders, to be honest and fair, and to show respect for others and our land’s resources. These lifelong skills are vital not just for farmers but in all aspects of agriculture, whether it is marketing, management, research, communications, or engineering. 
I rise today to recognize this organization and the millions of Future Farmers of America, both current and past, and express my gratitude for your dedication, leadership, and commitment to strengthening our towns. 
country that truly represents the heart of rural America. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
with concern over the President’s ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran, and I rise in support of the legislation that the House passed yesterday, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
guarantee that any final agreement negotiated by Secretary Kerry and President Obama will be a good deal. There is no guarantee this agreement will be good for the security of the United States, good for the stability of the Middle East, and good for the security of our close ally, Israel. 
By passing H.R. 1191, we are empowering Congress to review the final agreement and block any bad deal negotiated by the President. 
for the negotiations, is nearing quickly. When, and if, the President is able 
to arrive at a deal, I encourage my colleagues to take a strong, thorough look at all of the details. There is too much at stake in the world to get this wrong. 
House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. WOMACK (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, May 14, 2015, amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 114–112, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 90, 91, 96, 99, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, and 118 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORN BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MR . HILL OF  
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a business case analysis of the decision to maintain 10 C130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
would be achieved by transferring such aircraft to Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas; 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN OF  
CYBER RESILIENCY OF NATIONAL GUARD NETWORKS AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS. 
situational awareness and reliable communications in the event of an emergency, terrorist attack, or natural or manmade disaster; 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
At the end of subtitle B of title XII (page 
RECORDS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF AFGHANISTAN TO AUDIT THE USE OF FUNDS FOR ASSISTANCE FOR AFGHANISTAN. 
Not later than December 31, 2016, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction shall submit to Congress a report on the extent to which the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction has adequate access to financial records of the Government of Afghanistan to audit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for assistance for Afghanistan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
to disrupt and prevent foreign fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq and disrupt and prevent foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq traveling to the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of contents accordingly): 
apply to any searchandrescue or humanitarian operation or exercise. 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of contents accordingly): 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide the appropriate congressional committees a copy of any security agreement or commitment provided by the United States to any country in the Middle East, including the member countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, associated with Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
At the end of subtitle D of title XII (page 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
At the end of subtitle F of title XII (page 
Congress that a decision by the Government of Japan to purchase Aegis Ashore for its selfdefense, given that it already possesses seabased Aegis weapons systemequipped naval vessels, could create a significant opportunity for promoting interoperability and integration of air and missile defense capability with close allies, could provide for force multiplication benefits, and could potentially alleviate force posture requirements on multimission assets. 
later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a copy of the Department of Defense policy regarding foreign disclosure or technology release of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan, that possess seabased Aegis weapons system equipped naval vessels. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
At the end of subtitle F of title XII (page 
shall invite the military forces of Taiwan to participate in any maritime exercise known as the Rim of the Pacific Exercise if the Secretary has invited the military forces of the People’s Republic of China to participate in such maritime exercise. 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws, regulations, and practices related to export control up to United States standards. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the military capability of the Republic of Cyprus to defend against threats to its national security, including threats posed by hostile foreign governments and international terrorist groups. 
security of Cyprus of the United States policy to deny applications for licenses and other approvals for the export of defense articles and defense services to the armed forces of Cyprus. 
United States policy is consistent with overall United States security and policy objectives in the region. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
strategicplus relationship with India based on regional cooperation, space science cooperation, and defense cooperation. 
United States and the Republic of India is strengthened by the common commitment of both countries to democracy. 
India share a common and longstanding commitment to civilian control of the military. 
India have increasingly worked together on defense cooperation across a range of activities, exercises, initiatives, and research. 
India in providing security and stability in the IndoPacific region and beyond; 
Technology Initiative. AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of contents accordingly): 
of Hayward, California, was killed in Yemen after the closure of the United States Embassy while attempting to bring his pregnant wife and 2yeardaughter back to the United States. 
helped the Department of State remove 15,000 Americans from Lebanon during Hezbollah’s war against Israel. 
Ethiopia, India, and Russia are evacuating or have evacuated their citizens from Yemen. 
Congress that the President should exercise all available authorities as expeditiously as possible to evacuate United States citizens and nationals from Yemen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
commitment to North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies, especially those NATO allies under pressure on the Eastern flank of the Alliance, and to enhance the United States deterrent presence and resolve to countering threats to NATO’s collective security, United States Armed Forces stationed and deployed in Europe should be increased in number and combat power; and 
environment’’, as referenced in paragraph 12 of Section IV on PoliticalMilitary Matters of the Founding Act on Mutual Relations, Cooperation and Security between NATO and the Russian Federation (NATORussia Founding Act), has changed significantly since the signing of such Act in 1997 and thus such Act should not be read, interpreted, or implemented so as to constrain or in any way limit additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces anywhere on the territory of any NATO member State in furtherance of NATO’s core mission of collective defense and other missions. 
the United States contribution to NATO’s core mission of collective defense remains robust and ready to meet any future challenges, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the impact of any significant reduction in United States troop levels or materiel in Europe on NATO’s ability to credibly deter, resist, and, if necessary, repel external threats to any NATO member State. 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 116 OFFERED BY MR . VELA OF  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
the following (and conform the table of contents accordingly): 
the congressional defense committees a report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER OF  
AMENDMENT NO . 118 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
At the end of section 1504, page 633, line 1, 
Amounts authorized to be appropriated by this section for the Syria and Iraq Train and Equip programs, as specified in the funding table in section 4302, may not be provided to any recipient that the Secretary of Defense has reported, pursuant to a quarterly progress report submitted pursuant to section 1209 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), as having misused provided training and equipment. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN) each will control 10 minutes. 
consists of 17 total amendments. Nine of them have been offered by Republicans, eight of them have been offered by Democrats. They cover a variety of very important topics for our national security, including cooperation with India, evacuation of U.S. persons from Yemen, the impact of U.S. troop levels 
and important additions to our bill. I hope Members will support this en bloc package. And I hope that all Members who make these contributions will support the final version so that their contribution has a chance to become law. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chairman for the efforts put forth by himself and the committee on necessary legislation that, indeed, should pass. 
years, nearly $1 trillion, and thousands of lives to help build a stable Afghanistan. While most of our troops have come home, Congress has still obligated billions of dollars to be spent on reconstruction efforts. 
Afghan officials, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction has identified serious deficiencies in our ability to ensure the proper use of these American taxpayer dollars, as the Afghan Ministries currently lack the capacity to effectively manage and account for U.S.funded assistance. 
to certify it has sufficient access to Afghan accounts to guarantee effective audits. We must ensure that every dollar is spent effectively. I appreciate that this amendment has been added en bloc, and I ask my colleagues to support this legislation and this amendment. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to support this en bloc package, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) for comments 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman and Members of the House, as Mr. W ALBERG just 
pointed out, we have spent literally trillions of dollars in the Middle East in what many would describe as wars of choice and nation building. 
this underlying legislation to ensure some accountability of how that money goes. All too often, the moneys have made a mockery of our good intentions and ended up in the wrong hands and, in many cases, used against us. 
the Defense Department now to require them to give us a list of who money has been given to in Syria and Iraq to fight ISIL, and my legislation says that, when they find evidence that those funds have been misused by any one of those parties, they can no longer be recipients of our funding and our intentions in this regard. 
my amendment and the bloc as well. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to my colleague from Texas (Mr. POE). 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding, and I want the chairman to know that I support the amendment en bloc, and I support the bill as well. 
fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS is increasing at an alarming, dramatic rate. The Director of the National Counterterrorism Center said that more foreign fighters have joined ISIS in the last 2 years than those who went to Afghanistan or Iraq in the last 20 years. More than 180 of these fighters are from the United States. 
fight and die on the battlefields of Iraq and Syria. Many return home to their home countries as trained, battlehardened Islamic radicals. 
became the first American to carry out a suicide bomb in Syria, he had already been to Syria and back to the United States as a trained suicide killer. The United States Government didn’t even know this. 
ISIS to the United States and foreign fighters going to train with ISIS. This amendment requires such a strategy. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN ). 
House, I rise in support of my amendment, No. 103, contained in this bloc, which expresses the sense of Congress that the President should exercise all available authority to evacuate U.S. citizens from Yemen as soon as possible. 
concentration of Yemeni Americans in the United States. Since hostilities began in Yemen, my office hears daily from Yemeni Americans who are terrified, frustrated, desperate, and have no idea how to exit the country. These are United States citizens in Yemen, with nowhere to turn. 
Rhonia Aladashi, a 16yearold girl from my hometown of Dearborn, Michigan. She had traveled to Yemen to visit her father when the hostilities began, and she tried multiple options to escape. 
Arabia and got turned back into hostile areas because she did not have a man traveling with her. Ultimately, she ended up on a private fishing boat, going with no food or water on board. 
stuck in Yemen need hope, and they need to know that American citizens are not being forgotten. We do not in any way want to put American military in danger, but we need to tell Americans there is hope. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). 
my gratitude for the hard work and dedication put forth by Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, 
and their colleagues on the Armed Services Committee in drafting the National Defense Authorization Act of 2016. 
I would like to thank the Rules Committee, Chairman SESSIONS , and Ranking Member S LAUGHTER for their efforts in ensuring Members on both sides of the aisle had an avenue to voice their opinion. 
10 counties, and the number one thing from our constituents is making sure that Washington is held accountable. These efforts help restore our constituents’ faith in this body and the process of lawmaking. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gentleman from Washington, my good friend Mr. LARSEN , for yielding me this 
U.S.India relations has always been and continues to be a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank both sides of the aisle in acceptance of the amendment that I put forward. 
seen the relationship between the United States and India flourish and blossom under both—I should say starting with President Clinton’s Presidency, followed by President George Bush’s Presidency, and we have seen how advanced it has become under the Presidency of Barack Obama. 
the President earlier this year to India, and the incredible reception that the President and the delegation received was like no other experience I have ever had in India, and this relationship continues to grow. 
This is the first time we have had an 
opportunity to express the support of the House and of the Congress of this burgeoning relationship, especially as it pertains to miltomil cooperation, and I believe that this is the most critical relationship that we will have this decade in the world. 
shared values of civilian control of the military. It is a very important aspect when you consider the part of the world we are talking about. We share that same value with India. 
only within her region, but around the world as well, is something that we share with her. India’s commitment to democracy and rule of law is something we also share with India and, overall, using democracy and the quest for 
I also want to thank the Indian diaspora in helping with this effort. This is truly, as I said earlier, I believe, the most important alliance the United States will have this century. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
I rise in strong support of my amendment to renew a 1year ban on the Obama administration from using any Department of Defense funds to implement the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. This amendment updates and strengthens the language of my amendments that were entered into law in previous NDAAs. 
must always uphold our fundamental individual right to keep and to bear arms, which is enshrined in our Constitution. We also must uphold the sovereignty of the United States over our arms export control system, which is the gold standard of the world. 
Now, how do we do this? First, the amendment explicitly forbids the use of DOD funds to facilitate domestic prosecutions of individual Americans. This is a real danger because the Obama administration has already engaged in domestic prosecutions of individuals using treaties. This is totally unacceptable. 
bans the use of DOD funds for an ATT secretariat, created for ‘‘effectively implementing’’ the ATT, according to the treaty’s supporters. 
Appallingly and equally unacceptable, ATT backers seek to put the U.S. on the hook to fund the activities of a treaty to which it is not a party. 
I thank the chairman and the ranking member for including this amendment in the en bloc amendments. I urge my colleagues to stand with me in support of the Second Amendment, our Nation’s sovereignty, and vote in support of this amendment to renew the annual ban on the funding of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. 
Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have left? 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
the Castor amendment, which is an amendment in support of military families across the country. It expresses the sense of Congress that, when it comes to housing military members, the Pentagon should factor in the commuting times for base personnel and the land available for onbase housing. 
Onbase housing is a critical readiness issue. Having our servicemembers as close to their assignments as possible is vital. DOD must ensure that the decisions relating to base housing take into account relevant factors, and each base is different. 
Base in my hometown in Tampa, Florida, it is home to the 6th Air Mobility Wing, United States Special Operations Command, and United States Central Command. 
housing for military families has been a great success. Pursuant to a public private partnership that was authorized in 2007, 572 homes have been constructed on the base. This has been a godsend for the families at MacDill, and here is why: the neighborhoods closest to the base are expensive and out of reach for many military families, so servicemembers oftentimes buy homes about 30 miles away and then commute to the base. 
This recent publicprivate partnership at MacDill has been a winwin for the military and the families who serve. In fact, one top Pentagon official who oversees installations noted that the MacDill Air Force Base housing initiative was one of her favorites, forcewide, and was exceptional. 
to that military family when they can live close to where they work and where their children attend school. 
and the housing contractor were discussing the next phase of onbase housing. MacDill has over 330 families on a waiting list. Unfortunately, despite the long waiting list, the obvious demand, the Air Force has inexplicably terminated discussions. 
If this is happening in my community, it could be happening in yours, and with scarce Federal dollars, we must continue to encourage fruitful publicprivate partnerships and the best interests of our brave men and women in the service. 
Ranking Member S MITH, and Mr. L ARSEN for their support of the amendment, and I urge adoption. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
support the en bloc. I hope all Members will, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
support the CrowleyEngelHoldingBera Royce amendment to the 2016 NDAA. 
am privileged to spend time highlighting the robust and growing relationship between the United States and India to my colleagues and to my constituents. 
With the emerging challenges our two nations face in the IndoPacific region, we must place an emphasis on increasing the collaboration between our two defense departments and defense industries. 
In January to move this collaboration forward, the United States and India signed the 
Indian Ocean Region’’ laying out our shared principles and views for security in the region. 
upgrade—our ten year defense framework well before its expiration date which truly shows our commitment to working together. 
same page and through the diligent work of the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative along with the Department of Defense’s India Rapid Reaction Cell, defense cooperation between our two nations is on the right trajectory. 
But more can, should, and will be done to 
Mr. Chair, India has a vital role to play in 
the IndoPacific by becoming a regional security provider and the United States should continue to work lockstep with our counterparts in New Delhi to achieve this. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 119, 120, 121, 125, 126, and 127 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
QATAR IS PREVENTING TERRORIST LEADERS AND FINANCIERS FROM OPERATING IN ITS COUNTRY. 
to the United States in its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan by hosting United States forces; 
leaders of Hamas, a United Statesdesignated foreign terrorist organization, to operate freely in its country; 
designated terrorist financiers to operate in its country; and 
in its power to encourage Qatar to crack down on terrorist leaders and financiers who are operating in its country. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on actions taken by the United States Government to ensure that Qatar is preventing terrorist leaders and financiers from operating in its country. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, insert 
continue to provide a positive example of professionalism and moderation. 
alongside United States forces in Afghanistan and are currently flying combat sorties as part of the counterISIL Coalition. 
to ensure rapid responses to any military requests for assistance from Jordan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII (page 
TO COMBAT BOKO HARAM AND SUPPORT REGIONAL ALLIES AND OTHER PARTNERS. 
efforts should be integrated into a comprehensive strategy to support security and stability in the region. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: 
to combat Boko Haram, including the authorities to carry out such efforts and the roles and missions of the Department of Defense and Department of State. 
shortfalls, and progress made by United Statessupported regional partners, including the African Unionauthorized Multinational Joint Task Force, to combat Boko Haram. 
supplies, training, and other defense articles and services, including by type, quantity, and prioritization of such items, required to combat Boko Haram effectively and the gaps within regional allies to engage in the mission to combat Boko Haram. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
It is the sense of Congress that it is a national security priority of the United States to support the Republic of Tunisia and to cooperate with Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or other terrorist organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add 
(NATO) has been the cornerstone of transatlantic security cooperation and an enduring instrument for promoting stability in Europe and around the world for over 65 years; 
Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Albania, and Croatia has been essential to the success of NATO in this modern era; 
and strengthened the list of key European allies of the United States; 
states have remained committed to the collective defense of the Alliance and have demonstrated their will and ability to contribute to transatlantic solidarity and assume increasingly more responsibility for international peace and security; 
members states have contributed to numerous NATOled peace, security, and stability operations, including participation in the International Security Assistance Force’s (ISAF) mission in Afghanistan; 
and whose inclusion will contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area.’’. 
Greece to find a mutually agreeable solution to the name dispute between the two countries; 
prepare the country for entrance into the Partnership for Peace (PfP) program; 
NATO member states to identify, through consensus, the current and future security threats facing the Alliance; and 
allies to ensure the Alliance maintains the required capabilities, including the gains in interoperability from combat in Afghanistan, necessary to meet the security threats to the Alliance; 
AMENDMENT NO . 119 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should submit to Congress a plan on how the Secretary plans to implement the full recommendations of the two nuclear enterprise reviews, conducted and then validated by the Air Force, one of which was conducted by Assistant Secretary Madelyn Creedon and Rear Admiral Peter Fanta and one of which was conducted by General Walsh and Admiral Harvey. The plan submitted under this section should include a timeline for when each recommendation shall be implemented and how the additional manpower recommendations shall be allocated. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI (page 
700, after line 25), add the following new section: 
Not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the justification of the number of planned nuclear armed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. arsenal. The report shall include— 
for research, development, test, and evaluation and procurement for the total number of planned cruise missiles; and 
cost of the cruise missiles as compared to the annual cost of nuclear triad and annual defense spending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 121 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
that follows through ‘‘2015’’ on page 716, line 1, and insert ‘‘terms and conditions’’. 
Page 716, line 5, after ‘‘2014’’ insert ‘‘, subject to an amended agreement for coproduction for radar components’’. 
the following: ‘‘that inform a production decision’’. Page 718, line 25, insert before the semicolon the following: ‘‘or in an amount that meets best efforts, as mutually agreed by the United States and Israel’’. 
solely for funding procurement of longlead components in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production of either David’s Sling or Arrow 3. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
It is the sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should take into consideration, when prioritizing base housing projects, commuting times for base personnel and land available for development on the base. 
AMENDMENT NO . 126 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
Add at the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII 
the military manufacturing arsenal and any military installations on which it is located; 
cost of Government ownership of the military manufacturing arsenal, including the costs of operations and maintenance, the costs of environmental remediation, and other costs; and 
military manufacturing arsenal through longterm facility use contracts, property management contracts, leases, or other agreements that support and advance the preceding purposes. 
manufacturing arsenal’ means a Governmentowned, Governmentoperated defense plant of the Department of the Defense that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 127 OFFERED BY MR . SCALISE  
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII 
(page 795, after line 2), add the following new section: 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMP VILLERE, LOUISIANA. 
conveyance. If amounts paid to the Secretary in advance exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. L ARSEN) each will control 10 minutes. 
consists of 11 amendments. They touch such important subjects as the nuclear enterprise review, the longrange standoff weapon, military manufacturing arsenals, and a variety of other very important topics. 
They are sponsored by both Republicans and Democrats. Four of these amendments are sponsored by Democrats. I believe they deserve the support of the whole House, but I also believe the full bill deserves the support of the whole House so that these important amendments have a chance to become law. 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), the distinguished vice chair of 
in support of my amendment, No. 108, which is included in this en bloc package. My amendment adds a sense of Congress provision regarding our support for the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. Jordan is one of our most important allies in the region, and I believe that the United States should support Jordan’s military efforts to the greatest extent possible. 
in the fight against ISIS and have suffered the consequences of the President’s policy failures regarding Syria. Jordan is under fire from those who wish to do it harm, and we must stand by a country that has been a force for good in the region. 
In Colorado, we have a unique interest in this relationship, as the Colorado National Guard is partnered with the Jordanian military through the State 
Partnership Program. Colorado guardsmen are helping train Jordanian servicemembers. This is just one of the ways that we can help stand with our friends in Jordan. 
this amendment in the en bloc package, and I urge its adoption. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
comments of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) about en bloc 
No. 7 and its bipartisan nature. I would encourage Members to support it. 
the ranking member for yielding and the chairman and his staff for working with me on this amendment. 
Authorization Act tasks the Missile Defense Agency with developing a concept for a spacebased missile defense system. There is no doubt that missile defense—if technologically feasible, militarily robust, and economically justifiable—would be an important priority for our national security. But as a scientist, I think that we need to do our homework before we begin investing hundreds of billions of dollars into developing this system, and that is why I am introducing this amendment to require a preliminary cost estimate for this project. 
A 2012 report by the National Academy of Sciences estimated that even to provide limited coverage, hundreds of interceptors would be required to stop an incoming ballistic missile. Because of the cost to launch, maintain, operate, and replenish the interceptors, even a limited system would cost a minimum of $200 billion. 
investing billions of taxpayer dollars into any project. So I urge my colleagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
at this point, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the distinguished 
much appreciate Chairman THORN BERRY and the Armed Services Committee for working collaboratively on this important amendment. 
Maloney amendment, I want to recognize the leadership of Representative CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, who 
has been dedicated in the fight against Boko Haram and dedicated in terms of trying to raise awareness on this. 
continued kidnappings of Boko Haram, the pillaging of villages, the taking of women and children as captives. I just want to tell you the story that we heard last year in our committee from one young girl, a survivor from Chibok, that touched the hearts of, I think, 
what happened when Boko Haram broke in and, before her very eyes, killed her father and killed her 14year old brother. She is one of the few from her village who survived. 
and its neighbors—Chad, Niger, Cameroon—have been making headway in the fight against Boko Haram. They have cleared a number of northern Nigerian towns. Now we have an opportunity with the African Union force— but it lacks equipment; it lacks capacity—for a protracted fight there. 
for robust security assistance, training, equipment, the capacity building they need so that the African troops that are fighting against Boko Haram can continue to advance on the field. 
The amendment also requires the Department of Defense and the State Department to produce a report to make sure the Congress is fully aware of the nature of the assistance being provided. 
African Union authorized force with all appropriate means. It is the best chance we have to eliminate Boko Haram, to eliminate this terror so that other young girls are not snatched and their lives destroyed. The region’s stability, by the way, depends upon it. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYNB. M ALONEY ). 
York. I thank the ranking member for yielding and for his strong leadership. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment I have cosponsored with the gentleman from California, Representative ROYCE , and I 
thank him for his outstanding leadership not only on this issue, but on so many of them. 
U.S. support for the defeat of the terrorist organization Boko Haram. Combating Boko Haram is in our national interest and is certainly in the interest of security in the region, and the United States should support the regional allies in their operations against Boko Haram, which are making significant progress in combating them. 
We just marked the 1year anniversary of the kidnapping of 270 young schoolgirls from Nigeria. This horror raised the awareness of the world to the terror of Boko Haram and what it has unleashed on Nigerians for years. 
Boko Haram represents a threat not just to our Nation, but to the world, and certainly to stability in the region. 
support—which may be in the form of equipment, training, technical support—for a coordinated military response in Africa to combat Boko Haram. 
made significant gains against this terrorist threat and has started to improve stability in the region. Many of the young girls have escaped and have come here to speak to us in Congress. 
to Congress on the progress of the mission and an accounting of U.S. support. 
remain a national security interest, and we must remain vigilant in fighting this enemy. I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. 
his attention, strong leadership, and for really saving lives in this region. He is securing stability in the region and for America, too. 
my appreciation for the work of Chairman ROYCE and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York on this issue with 
morning’s paper, Boko Haram has a new offensive against a military base in Nigeria. 
with this amendment to the bill is very important so that the Nigerians and others in the region are better able to fight these terrorists. And there is no other word for them. 
to help the Ukrainians fight the aggression that they are undergoing, there are provisions in this bill to help fight ISIS, which is all part of the reason I believe this bill deserves the support of all Members. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
today, there is a clause that would cause us to think about what to do in the High Arctic. The Arctic Ocean is melting. There will be a Northwest Passage. We are going to need a new heavy icebreaker to provide the support for the Navy as well as for commercial. 
upon the notion of creating a special fund similar to what exists for the strategic missile submarines. We would like, therefore, to begin the discussion of a national strategic highlatitude icebreaking fund. That discussion could then merge into a way of funding about $1 billion for a new icebreaker, absolutely essential for the U.S. Navy, absolutely essential for the commerce in the Arctic Ocean as well as for providing us with the ability to compete with Russia. I would like to propose that that be discussed and part of the process as we move the NDAA through the committees and the two Houses. 
Chairman, I would encourage folks to vote for en bloc 7, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
encourage Members to do the same thing, as well as on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 122, 123, 124, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, and 135 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
Page 728, line 21, insert before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including estimates of the appropriate identifiable costs of each such potential program of record’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 123 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add 
Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary of Defense publishes the draft environmental impact statements pursuant to section 227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1678), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Northern Command, shall designate the preferred location in the United States for the potential future deployment of a missile defense site. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI (page 
732, after line 10), add the following new section: 
of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to Congress a report examining the costs associated with extending the life of the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile compared to the costs associated with procuring a new ground based strategic deterrent. 
AMENDMENT NO . 128 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, 
the Interior shall require the Town to cover costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary of the Interior and by the Secretary of the Air Force, or to reimburse the appropriate Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Secretary of Interior or Secretary of the Air Force incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the appropriate Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Town. 
conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Interior, after consulting with the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Town, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Interior, after consulting with the Secretary of the Air Force, considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 129 OFFERED BY MS . LORETTA  
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add 
Act (50 U.S.C. 2537) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
purposes of this section, an existing nuclear weapon system is deemed to be undergoing life extension if the expected total cost of the associated activities, including activities considered alterations, will exceed $1,000,000,000.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 130 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
At the end of subtitle C of title XXXI, add 
research groups, such as institutions of higher education and industry groups; and 
enactment of this Act, implement the microlab pilot program under this section. 
a national security laboratory, as defined in section 3281 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471). 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
At the end of title XXXV (page 885, after 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 101, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101 for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, Auxiliaries, Craft and Prior Yr Program Cost, Outfitting (Line 020) is hereby reduced by $24,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
At the end of title XXXV (page 885, after 
to ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in accordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine 
Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
through the term of the contract to maintain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foundation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
lodging or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requiring the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Foundation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 133 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title V (page 179, 
WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY A CONCEALED PERSONAL FIREARM ON A MILITARY INSTALLATION. 
Defense, taking into consideration the views of senior leadership of military installations in the United States, shall establish a process by which the commander of a military installation in the United States may authorize a member of the Armed Forces who is assigned to duty at the installation to carry a concealed personal firearm on the installation if the commander determines it to be necessary as a personal or forceprotection measure. 
of the installation shall consult with elected officials of the State and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located and take into consideration the law of the State and such jurisdictions regarding carrying a concealed personal firearm. 
a firearm because of conviction of a crime of domestic violence; and 
term ‘‘State’’ includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 134 OFFERED BY MR . LOBIONDO  
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the 
support of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard and Reserves, is appropriate, the taxpayer should not have to pay any organization to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces; 
of Defense to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces, these organizations should be motivated by patriotism to honor the service of members of the Armed Forces out of their own free will; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 135 OFFERED BY MR . NUNES OF  
Page 754, line 10, after ‘‘operational requirements,’’ insert the following: ‘‘not including the requirements of any other organization or country,’’. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. 
consists of 11 amendments. Generally, they are on the issues related to our strategic deterrence: our nuclear weapons, our ICBMs, missile defense against those sorts of weapons from other countries; in other words, they touch on very important issues that are central to our country’s security. 
Republicans and Democrats, and I hope Members of this House will support 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I, too, support this en bloc package. I hope that the Members will vote for it. 
have no further speakers at this point, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to once again say that I want to, first of all, thank the chairman. I want to thank all of the members of the committee and the staff for the hard work that they do and have done on this bill. 
Every year, this is a very, very difficult process, starting with the committee markup, which, this year, I think—we probably didn’t set a record. We set a record for my time in terms of one day going until 4:45 in the morning. 
But I just want to take one brief moment to recognize the staff that does just an unbelievable amount of work throughout this process. We see the amendments both in committee and on the floor that survive that process. The staff has to sift through literally hundreds more to try to boil them down, to try to find compromises, to basically try to work out whatever they can work out. I don’t think there are too many members of the staff on either side that have slept more than 2 or 3 hours a night here for the last few weeks. So I thank them for their hard work, and I thank the committee members for their hard work as well. 
It is the largest committee in Congress. We have excellent members on it. During the course of the debate and during the course of putting together this bill, every one of those members contributed greatly to the product. 
As I have said before, there are a lot 
of good things in this bill. The reform package that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) has made of 
particular priority I think is a very good first step towards trying to get more efficiency out of the military in a variety in different places. And of course we fund a lot of very necessary programs. 
that we have had since 2011, starting with the fact that we couldn’t pass the appropriations bills for 2011. And most have forgotten this, but at the end of March of 2011, we were looking at a government shutdown. We had a marathon 4day, every amendment you can imagine on the appropriations bill, and, actually, I think it did go past the moment when the government was supposed to shut down before passing a CR, which pushed us then up against the debt ceiling in 2011, which wasn’t going to be raised. We were facing a situation where chunks of the government would shut downs in ways we couldn’t even predict, and I want everyone to understand the impact that 
had in March of 2011 with thenVice Chief of Staff of the Army, Pete Chiarelli, and I was asking him about how all of this budget uncertainty impacts the Department of Defense. He said: Well, we have got several hundred programs, and every day we try to figure out which ones we are allowed to fund, which ones we are not allowed to fund, where we can get the money, what we can do, and how we can move it around. They didn’t know. 
For the last 4 years plus, that is what 
the Department of Defense has had to do. We have gone from CR to government shutdown to occasionally getting a spending bill to living with sequestration and the budget caps. The one thing that this bill doesn’t do is it doesn’t resolve that issue. It goes to the overseas contingency operation fund while leaving the budget caps in place. 
overseas contingency operations fund is no way to fund the military and does very, very little to remove that uncertainty that I just described. So I want everyone to understand when I talk about the fact that I am opposing this bill because of its impact on the overall budget, that is also very much about the Department of Defense. 
that uncertainty and also stuck with OCO funding, which is unpredictable, 1 year money that makes it very difficult for them to plan. So this bill’s reliance on the OCO funding is a problem for the Department of Defense. Leaving those budget caps in place is something that I am opposed to. So it is an issue directly related to the Department of Defense. 
Now, it is also related to the rest of 
the budget. We have caps that impact the Department of Homeland Security, that impact the Department of Justice, that impact those other areas that, by the way, are very important. I have had some folks mention ISIL and our fight against them. Those departments are incredibly important to that fight. They are still under the budget caps, which are, I believe, jeopardizing our national security. And then there are other issues, infrastructure being the biggest one that those budget caps continue to hamper and continue, I believe, to make our country less safe. 
place and keeps the budget caps, relies on the overseas contingency operations fund, and, most importantly, does not lift the budget cap for defense is the reason I am opposing it and urging other Democrats and Republicans as well to oppose it. It doesn’t lift the budget caps. I believe that is harmful to the Department of Defense. So this is a defense issue. 
caps that the OCO goes right around them. I wouldn’t think that a conservative who wants to keep government spending under control would encourage the government deciding that they can create free money. The OCO doesn’t count against the budget caps. So it is like the money isn’t really being spent, only, of course, the money is being spent. It is $38 billion that we are just choosing not to count. It doesn’t fix the problem. 
veto all of the appropriations bills and the defense bill that are based on this flawed approach to the budget. So what we are doing here is ultimately not going to be successful until we come up with a better longterm solution to dealing with the budget caps, and I will simply emphasize one more time that has a profoundly negative effect on the Department of Defense, on our obligation to, I believe, properly fund and properly support the men and women who serve in our military. So, Mr. Chairman, while there is a lot of good in this bill, the ongoing budget uncertainty that it continues, I believe, is the fatal flaw in this bill. So I urge people to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
effort that went into it. I also emphasize that this is but one step in the process. We have got a long way to go, and I am completely confident by the time we get to the end of it, we will have a National Defense Authorization Act. It will be difficult. We have to work with the President, we have to work with the Senate, and people have a lot of different opinions, but this is but the first step in the process. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge us to continue working to hopefully get a better product that can get the support of the House, the Senate, and the President and fulfill our duty to pass this bill and support our troops. 
where the gentleman from Washington left off, that this is one step in the process. That is kind of what I have been saying all along. Earlier the gentleman said he is opposed to this bill because it locks in this OCO approach. No, it doesn’t lock anything in. If there is a better way to deal with our budget issues in the appropriation bills, then there is lots of time this year to do that. But the question here for the House is: Will we vote against a defense authorization bill—not an appropriation bill—but a defense authorization bill and prevent it from moving a step ahead? 
hope all Members had a chance to read the editorial in this morning’s Washington Post. Let me just read the last sentence of it: ‘‘Far better for him’’— by which it means the President—‘‘and his party’s leadership in Congress to help an adequate defense budget keep 
moving through Congress rather than perpetuate a fight all Americans, whether Republican or Democrat, may later regret.’’ 
today: keep this adequate defense budget moving by voting for it. 
solve all the problems. The gentleman is exactly right. There are all sorts of appropriation bills and other things to come in this process. But to try to use this important bill and the authorities it gives as political leverage to somehow make that happen, I think, is not fair to the men and women who serve or to our country’s security. 
things that affect the military that this bill does not solve. I admit it. I don’t try to solve all of them. When you try to solve all the problems, you usually end up making a mess. But that should not take away from the good that is in this bill. So I want to just emphasize the good that is in this bill has come from both sides of the aisle, and I am incredibly grateful for the contributions the Democratic members of the committee made. Something like 110 provisions in the underlying mark were requested by Democrats. In the committee 96 amendments offered by Democrats were adopted into the mark. We have had 57 amendments offered by Democrats made in order under the rule. 
to come out yet, but the point is, a substantial part of this measure has been written and contributed to by Members on the Democratic side of the aisle, as well as Members on the Republican side of the aisle. The truth is it is a better product as a result, and the truth is that it is consistent with the bipartisan tradition of this committee. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I want to end, actually, where Mr. SMITH started, and 
that is to express appreciation to him for being a terrific partner to work with in formulating this bill and dealing with very complex, rapidly changing subjects as the world is swirling around us. As he pointed out, we are the largest committee in Congress—63 members. But each of those members on both sides of the aisle have made important contributions to this bill. 
I would, like him, also want to appreciate the staff. I think we are unique in the Congress. We have an integrated staff where I can grab someone on the Democratic side or a Democratic member can grab someone who works on the Republican side. They are all integrated, working on the same issues. I think that makes us stronger as a committee. So there is an important bipartisan tradition of this committee, and it is because national security is so important. 
Post editorial and read the first sentence: ‘‘There isn’t much bipartisan governance left in Washington, but if anything still fits that description, it is probably the annual defense authorization act.’’ I am pleased about that. I think that is what the American people want to hear because national security is so important. So for the suggestion to come that we are going to put national security on the back burner while we try to solve all the budget problems of all the agencies and all the government, that is discouraging. 
will not agree with that tactic, that they will listen to the better angels of their nature as far as supporting this bill because it is a bipartisan bill that is so important for our troops and national security. I hope they will support this en bloc amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the CarterRigellMcCaulGohmert Amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2016 and in defense of our servicemembers’ Second Amendment rights. 
mourned the loss of our soldiers and civilians after shootings at Fort Hood just north of my district. In 2009, Nidal Hassan walked into Fort Hood’s Soldier Readiness Center, shouted ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’, and opened fire, killing 13 and wounding 42 others in the most horrific terrorist attack on U.S. soil since 9/11. 
on the base, killing four and wounding sixteen others. This is on top of other deadly attacks on military installations, such as the Navy Yard shooting in 2013, and the 2009 shooting at a recruiting center in Little Rock, Arkansas, where another Islamist radical killed one and wounded another. 
In each case, one has to wonder if something could have been done to stop the shooting sooner and to prevent more lives from being lost. For years, DOD has had a stringent policy which prevents welltrained soldiers from carrying personal firearms on base in compliance with state and local laws. The CarterRigellMcCaulGohmert Amendment will responsibly adjust this policy and allow members of the Armed Forces to carry a concealed personal firearm if their commander determines it to be necessary as a personal or force protection measure. 
threats to our soldiers and military bases is growing. In March, ISIS published a ‘‘kill list’’ of the names, photos and addresses of American soldiers. Since then, the threat level at U.S. military bases increased to ‘‘Force Protection Bravo,’’ in response to the increased threat of terrorism. 
Mr. Chair, we must give our base commanders more discretion and our soldiers more protection. Thousands of my constituents in Texas already exercise this right responsibly. It is time for our servicemembers to be allowed to do the same. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments 
which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 32 by Mr. B LUMENAUER of Oregon. 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 413, noes 1, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais 
Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce 
Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Mesdames LAWRENCE, KIRKPATRICK, Messrs. TED LIEU of California, AMASH, DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mses. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, SPEIER, and Mr. KENNEDY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 233 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 182, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
missed votes on May 14th and 15th, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 225, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 226, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 227, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 228, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 229, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 230, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 231, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 232, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 233, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 234. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 43, noes 375, not voting 14, as follows: 
Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett 
Hanna Huelskamp Huffman Johnson, E. B. Kind Lee Lewis Lowey Meng Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Polis Price, Tom Quigley Rush Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Speier Vela´zquez 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, on 
rollcall No. 235 I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea.’’ I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . LUCAS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 190, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
of Washington changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 236 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 242, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Georgia). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 260, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
Mr. GALLEGO. Yes, I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
H.R. 1735 to the Committee on Armed Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the 
MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES AND NO LAPSE IN PAY CAUSED BY A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN. 
section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, and effective on January 1, 2016, the increase for fiscal year 2016 in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized for members of the uniformed services shall be 2.3 percent. 
all steps necessary to ensure that members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps continue to receive compensation for their service in defense of the United States despite any lapse in appropriations after September 30, 2015. 
the final amendment to the bill. It will not delay the bill, kill the bill, or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage, as amended. 
As Members of Congress, we must always honor our promises to the men and women who serve in our military. Unfortunately, I know firsthand what happens when Washington fails our troops on the battlefield and when we come home. I fought the Iraq war on the ground. I was shot at and experienced IED attacks, but because Congress didn’t follow through on its promises, our vehicles didn’t have the proper armor they needed. This failure cost my friends their lives. Later, when I got home, my friends and I suffered needlessly. 
suffered needlessly because of a veterans healthcare system that was shortchanged and mismanaged. These failures of leadership are what encouraged me to run for office, to ensure that my generation of leaders takes better care of our troops than we were taken care of. 
amendment. It is to make good on Congress’ promise to give our military men and women a raise. The amendment will lock in a 2.3 percent increase for all of our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. Last year, one in four members of our military had to rely on food pantries and other charities just to make ends meet. That is a disgrace. 
raise. My amendment does something else that is just as important. It ensures that even if Congress shuts down the Federal Government, all of our brave men and women in uniform will still get paid. Why should our servicemen and women miss their paychecks just because we can’t do our jobs? 
now? Because Republicans don’t appear to have learned the lessons of the chaos and confusion they caused by shutting down the government in 2013. Today, my Republican friends are risking another government shutdown by resorting to budget gimmicks, relying on war funding to pay for more routine operations and maintenance. That is completely irresponsible. 
comparing the Federal budget to a family budget. Mr. Speaker, working families, military families can’t rely on a special slush fund to pay for their daily expenses, and Congress should not either. We must protect our troops 
from the consequences of this Republican leadership’s refusal to confront the realities of sequestration. That is why this amendment is so critical. 
voting against this bill would be shameful and that we would be turning our back on our troops. As a marine and a combat veteran, I can tell you that the Speaker is wrong. There is no shame in voting against a bill that creates uncertainty for our military and risks another dangerous government shutdown. 
to vote against the amendment that gives our men and women the raise and certainty they deserve. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
me start by saying I very much appreciate the service of Mr. GALLEGO and 
all the veterans on both sides of the aisle who have served our Nation. I appreciate all of the contributions Mr. GALLEGO and all the other 62 members 
of the committee have made into producing this National Defense Authorization Act. It has been a bipartisan product in the tradition of this committee. 
53 straight years Congresses of both parties have passed and Presidents of both parties have signed into law a Defense Authorization Act, and that has been true through Vietnam and the cold war and 9/11. It has been true through Watergate and race riots, and economic recessions and bitter political feuds. 
somehow the parties could come together to do what was needed for our troops and for our country’s security. I think that that strong tradition of bipartisanship is something that we should not walk away from lightly. 
complaints, really—on both sides of the aisle about using OCO to get up to the President’s level. 
If you look at this chart, this is the 
President’s budget, and this is the congressional budget, which this bill is 
compliant with. There is a little difference in where the light blue and the dark blue start and stop. But the net effect, when you add it all together, is exactly the same: $612 billion. That is what the President asked for. That is what this bill provides. There is no difference between the two. 
I agree that we ought to find a better 
way to have fiscal discipline without the arbitrary caps and sequestration that are in the Budget Control Act, but this bill can’t do that. This bill is a defense authorization bill. It is not a budget bill. It is not an immigration bill. It is not even a defense appropriation bill. So if this bill fails, how does that get us closer to fixing our budget problems? 
The truth is we could all find an excuse to vote against every bill, every day, for what is not in it, but that doesn’t make a lot of sense. What is important is what is in it. And what is in it is really important for our troops and for our national security. 
he would offer an amendment that tries to make sure our troops get paid, even in the event of a government shutdown; and yet, by voting against this bill, the troops don’t get paid. How does that fit together? 
things that are in this bill for our troops. One is a new retirement system for people who sign up for the military. Right now, 83 percent of the people who serve come away with no retirement. Under this bill, they can put some money aside, the government will 
match it, and they can have a nest egg. If you vote against that bill, that doesn’t happen. 
heard so many times is that the transition from Active Duty to the VA is problematic because you can’t stay on the same drugs. One of the things this bill does is say that they have got to have a joint formulary so you stay on the same drugs and you can take better care of the people as they transition. Doesn’t that make sense? 
read The Washington Post editorial today. Let me just read the last sentence: 
leadership in Congress to help an adequate defense budget keep moving through Congress rather than perpetuate a fight all Americans, whether Republican or Democrat, may later regret. 
doesn’t solve all the problems. It doesn’t try to solve all the problems. I know we have got more debate, more discussion to come, but this is a step on what has been a very bipartisan bill. 
We are incredibly privileged to have these jobs, to live in this country, but those privileges only come because brave men and women are willing to volunteer to serve and sacrifice for our country. Now, we can never match their courage and dedication and sacrifice, but surely to goodness we can do better than use them as pawns for some sort of attempt to apply political pressure on issues that have nothing to do with this bill. Surely we can do better than that. And the way to do better than that is to vote against this motion and for final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed 5minutes votes on passage of H.R. 1735, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 234, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
238 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 269, noes 151, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
Stated for: Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 239 on H.R. 1735, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 14, 2015 and May 15, 2015 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 228: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 229: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 230: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 231: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 232: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 233: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 234: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 235: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 236: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 237: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 238: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 239: ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 1735, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section and title numbering, crossreferencing, conforming amendments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion of appropriate headings. 
I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as cosponsor from H.R. 1247. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 18, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this being National Infrastructure Week, I want to call attention to the crisis facing the Federal highway trust fund. 
highway and transportation department has canceled several projects due to the depletion of the trust fund. It is vital that we find a solution to this crisis that finances the trust fund for the long term and keeps our roads and highways safe for travel and commerce. 
This is why, next week, I plan to file 
legislation to plug the $15 billion deficit in the trust fund without raising taxes. It will be commonsense legislation that Members on both sides of the aisle should get behind in order to prioritize funding for our critical infrastructure construction and maintenance and to avoid these crisis deadlines in the future. INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK AND 
among the world leaders in quality infrastructure, now, we rank just 16th, according to the World Economic Forum. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, the overall assessment of our Nation’s infrastructure ranks the United States at a whopping Dplus. 
the highway trust fund expires. As we wait for the majority party to end their dysfunction and come to some— any—kind of agreement on extending the highway trust fund, 660,000 jobs hang in the balance. 
bridges are in complete disrepair. That is nearly 27 percent of the bridges in our State. Just a few months ago, a woman was driving down the highway, minding her own business, when a chunk of cement fell down because it is in disrepair. 
the majority party is prepared to lose to dysfunctional and underfunded infrastructure. I am not sure how much economic insecurity we are willing to cause the American people, but it is time for us to invest in our Nation’s infrastructure, create goodpaying jobs, $1 billion, 35,000 jobs all across the economy. 
Let’s get moving. Extend the highway trust fund. Invest in our infrastructure, our longterm infrastructure. Create jobs for the 21st century. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Newsome High School softball team, from Lithia, Florida, for winning the Class 8A State championship title. With a 5–1 victory over Coral Reef on Saturday, the Wolves secured their first State title in the history of Newsome High. 
Wolves were led by lockdown pitching and power hitting from Cassidy Davis, a clutch performance in relief from Claire Feldman, and runs from Maddy Lyn, Hannah Pridemore, and Livia Chandler. 
playing a tough schedule in Hillsborough County. That helped them prepare for the playoffs, and it showed them and their opponents that they had what it takes to win it all. 
student athletes in Florida, and I look forward to watching them repeat again next year. 
just 4 legislative days until the highway and transit trust fund expires on May 31. Once again, we have been pushed to the brink because of Republican leadership choosing to continue small, shortterm patches, rather than a comprehensive and decisive planning document. 
We cannot gamble with our infrastructure and transportation network. Our streets, our roads, our bridges, our railways are crumbling and aren’t up to par. We can’t afford to wait any longer for a longterm plan. 
The highway trust fund supports critical projects in our communities. In my district in San Bernardino County, it would help fund the Devore Interchange, one of three routes in and out of southern California, improving transportation and increasing efficiency for channeling goods in and out of the region. 
They deserve safe streets and roads, dependable transit to get to and from work, and the opportunity for local businesses to grow and expand. Without a longterm plan, Congress is part of the problem, not part of the solution. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
come to the floor today on Peace Officers Memorial Day to acknowledge and honor the life and service of Coeur d’Alene Police Sergeant Greg Moore. Sergeant Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty on May 5, 2015. 
My dad was the best. He would tell me anything and was always there for me. All the times I was sad or lonely, he would be right by my side to comfort me. 
okay going to work by telling me he was Batman because he worked at night, had lots 
someone that was there. I would always wonder how and why he knew those people. 
He was a Boston fan, and he has gone to a 
couple of games, but I know he would have liked to see more. 
we would wrestle on the ground and try to beat each other. I’ve only won once, but I have learned so many things from him. 
I love him so much because he was a good 
dad, always helping people, and I want everyone to know that he is the best. He was the best. 
Sergeant Moore, rest in peace. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to day on 
Peace Officers Memorial Day to acknowledge and honor the life and service of Coeur d’Alene Police Sergeant Greg Moore. Sergeant Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty May 5, 2015. 
Walla, Washington; he attended Walla Walla High School and Walla Walla Community College before moving to Idaho to attend the University of Idaho. After graduating from the University of Idaho he joined the Asotin County Sheriff’s Department before transferring to the Coeur d’Alene Police Department. 
During his tenure at the Coeur d’Alene Police Department he served as a Patrol Officer, Field Training Officer, and School Resource Officer. 
I did not have the pleasure of knowing Sergeant Moore personally. But the outpouring of support from his community tells me much about his character and service. More than 4,000 people attended his funeral, including officers from across Idaho, as well as Washington, Montana and Canada. This outpouring of support warmed my heart and reminded me of the goodness of the people of Idaho. I hope this public support was comforting to Sergeant Moore’s family. 
‘‘My dad was the best. He would tell me 
anything, and was always there for me. All the times I was sad or lonely, he would be right by my side to comfort me. Dad would also reassure me that he was OK going to work by telling me he was Batman, because he worked at night, had lots of gadgets, was skilled and charming. Also, wherever we went, he would know someone that was there. I would always wonder how and why he knew those people. Dad’s favorite place to eat was Qdoba. It ended up being my favorite place as well. He was a Boston fan and he has gone to a couple of games, but I know he would have liked to see more. Every day, though, almost like tradition, we would wrestle on the ground, and try to beat each other. I’ve only won once, but I have learned so many things from him. I love him so much because he was a good dad, always helping people. And I want everyone to know that he is the best.’’ 
‘‘Greg was part of a proud profession, and an even prouder police department. Greg did things right. He was a leader, he was a supervisor, and he was not satisfied sitting at a desk. In the end, and the reason we’re here today, is that he personified the oath that we take when we raise our right hand and we’re sworn in. Greg was killed protecting the life and property and way of life of the citizens of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho. He will never be forgotten.’’ 
now displaying a decal that reads K27 in honor of Sergeant Moore’s call number. I would like to add my voice to those that honored Sergeant Moore by closing with phrase that had passed over the lips of those thousands who have honored Sergeant Moore over the past week. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this day that we honor the fallen, who have been given the duty and obligation to protect and serve, the Nation’s law enforcement officers, I also stand here to mourn those marines and those Nepal rescue workers who died on the side of a Nepal mountain, attempting to bring help and food and opportunity and survival to those who have been struck by this horrific earthquake and one that has followed. 
kind of integrity of Americans that, wherever there is need, we answer the call. 
enforcement officers gather on the west steps, we know that throughout our communities, where there is a need, they will come. 
the RECORD the numbers of Houston police officers who died in the line of duty. I honor them, and I honor those who have fallen and those who serve. 
As I end this 1 minute, I end it with 
In honor of all of those who have fallen, our soldiers and our law enforcement officers, we thank you for your service. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to speak on an issue that I hear more and more about each and every day, that is, how regulations are actually crushing and harming our small community banks. 
Just a week ago, I met with a group 
of small independent and community bankers who shared some pretty striking stories. A set of regulations issued as a result of the DoddFrank financial reform law have now led to a more than 100 percent increase in the length of the quarterly financial status report that they must file each quarter. 
4 full working days just to finish the report this year, and this is a CPA with multiple advanced degrees. Another said he has to pay the accountant now $25,000 just to review the reports for its accuracy. 
Frank regulations are having the direct opposite effect of their intention. They are hurting small community banks that are vital to providing capital to the small businesses that keep our economy healthy. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
was referenced on the floor of the House, in 4 legislative days, funding expires for transportation. I could actually give my speech from last summer that predicted we would be exactly in this spot—nothing changed, more delay. 
issue an absolute deadline that he will not sign any extension that passes September 30; 4
Second, the Ways and Means Committee should get down to work with a series of hearings involving the people who actually do this out in the real world—contractors, business, unions, local governments. For the first time in 55 months, let’s have those hearings. 
And finally, let’s have action on legislation that I have introduced, a gas tax increase for the first time in 22 years, similar to what has happened in Georgia, Utah, Idaho, Iowa, South Dakota—Republican red States. If they can step up and take their responsibility, maybe Congress can do that in the next 4
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House passed, with overwhelming bipartisan support, H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which will allow Congress to review any deal on Iran’s nuclear program negotiated by the Obama administration. 
As the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism, a nuclear Iran would not only destabilize the Middle East, but it would have serious repercussions here in America and across the world for generations to come. 
Israel, our allies, and do everything in our power to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. And this legislation allows Congress to have approval and oversight over any agreement by the administration. 
take a clear message from these overwhelmingly bipartisan votes in both the House and the Senate that, as negotiations move forward, the administration must listen to the American people and their representatives in Congress. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
know, in 4 days, our transportation fund will expire. This will be the 34th time in the past 6 years that Congress has failed to pass a longterm transportation funding bill. 
bridges, our airports, and our railroads are being neglected. We have got 20th century infrastructure with a 21st century economy. It is absolutely irresponsible for Republicans and Democrats—for the House of Representatives—to fail to pass a longterm transportation fund. 
have got potholes in red States and in blue States. We also have, in all of our States, good, hardworking Americans who could be put to work if we would give that longterm funding. 
with 2month funding increments. So in addition to a lack of money, there is a lack of certainty. It is not because there aren’t solutions. We have got good proposals from Republicans. We have got good proposals from Democrats. But we need a decision. 
And the thing that is unacceptable is for Congress not even to have a discussion about what will be the source of that funding. We should not extend another shortterm highway fund. We should do our jobs and fully fund it. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
Thrill is Gone.’’ Legendary iconic guitar player and performer B.B. King passed away last night. 
in the delta, lived a phenomenal life. He was born into poverty and was a sharecropper in Itta Bena, Mississippi. 
WDIA radio, the first African Americanowned station in America, and became a disc jockey, Beale Street Blues Boy. That is where he got his B.B. name. 
Beale Street, and he went on to be one of the great guitarists of all time. He taught a lot of guitarists how to play and was their mentor, somebody they looked up to. 
A club in his name is there on Beale Street, B.B. King Blues Club. 
He was a very, very nice man and a 
talented individual who rose to get the Presidential Medal of Freedom and Kennedy Center Honors. His art will live on forever. He will be greatly missed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. R OHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), my very good friend. 
This may not be the topic that he is 
going to talk about here, but I appreciate the time to be able to talk to something that is important to the folks of west Texas and is actually important to all Americans. I rise today to bring attention to an important issue that is gathering nationwide support, that is, repealing the export ban on crude oil. 
This week, I submitted an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would, in fact, repeal the ban. While the amendment did not ultimately make it into the final bill, I would like to take a moment to talk about the importance of lifting that ban. 
ban was placed into law to begin with. Because of the OPEC oil embargo of 1973, Congress enacted the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, directing the President to ban crude oil exports. At the time, the ban served a purpose: to keep our oil at home in order to reduce our exposure to the wildly fluctuating markets of that time. 
its purpose. It is an antiquated policy that is now only serving to harm Americans and punish domestic production. For example, right now we allow Iran to export more oil from their country than we do from our own domestic producers. This is wrongheaded and is long overdue for a change. The ban should be lifted, while leaving in place the necessary authorities to allow the President to act in an emergency and while preserving our Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
would increase if the ban is lifted, but analysis shows that to be incorrect. It shows that prices will actually fall, reducing the cost of the product that American families rely on every single day, which is another reason to support lifting the ban. 
number one oil producing nation in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia and Russia, a fact that many thought impossible only a decade ago. 
abundant resources by lifting the ban will, in fact, lower gasoline prices, create dependable, longlasting jobs, and help expand our energy supply, making our Nation more energy independent. 
growing voice of the American people. It is time to lift the export ban on crude oil. 
to their safety and their prosperity. These threats are observable from Washington, D.C., but may not be observable to the American people. So I ask my colleagues to pay attention, 
number one, to what we are doing here, but I also would ask the American people to pay attention to what we are doing here. 
through our legislative branch and being mandated by executive orders from President Obama that will undermine the economic wellbeing of hard working Americans and put us in jeopardy as a nation, both economically and in terms of our national security. 
Those pursuing these egregious policy initiatives are fulfilling President Obama’s pledge to change America. And what most Americans believed was a commitment to make our country 
better, to change America, was, in reality, an elitist and, I believe, an arrogant pledge to dramatically alter the basic and fundamental institutions and values that have been thought of by our patriots to be the essential elements defining our country and, of course, ensuring our freedom, security, and prosperity. 
about? What are these threats that we need to pay attention to? 
They are not coming from one political party. They are not coming from the Republicans or the Democrats, as a party. You can see support across the board on both sides of the aisle on various sides of these issues. It is also not a threat just stemming from one person or one political leader, but it is, of course, what we are talking about. 
powerful coalition seeking profit for themselves, even if it impoverishes the people or diminishes, at least, the economic wellbeing of the people of the United States. 
their freedom and people who are enjoying their relative prosperity don’t pay attention to some of the very intricate matters that have come before us in Congress. But I can assure all of my fellow Americans, there are powerful interests who are paying attention, and they are doing what they best can do to manipulate the law in a way that will enhance their profits, even if it is being done at the expense of the wellbeing of the American people. 
that are being suggested in something that probably is very boring and tame to most Americans when they even hear that someone is going to even talk about patent law—patent law, which is the legal structure that enforces an inventor’s right to own and control the product of his or her genius, labor, and investment for a given period of time. 
So I say, of course, that sounds pretty mundane, patent law. Is it some detailed, intricate regulation and control of this area of economic life, of jobs, and things that we do in America? Well, it is more than that. It may 
sound mundane; but, in reality, patent law and the patent rights of our people—the right of our people to own the technology they have created for a specific period of time—has been a significant determinant in our country’s way of life, our country’s quality of life, and the security of our Nation. 
right through a patent ownership of 17 years’ control and—not only of 17 years of control, but also of profit from one’s own inventions, has been vital to our wellbeing as a nation and an essential part of the American Dream. 
was written into the Constitution by our Founding Fathers. People know about the Bill of Rights. But the word ‘‘right’’ was only used in the body of the Constitution once, and that was a section that guaranteed that Americans—that what Congress should do is to make sure that Americans were guaranteed the right to control their own creations, if they are inventors or writers, for a given period of time, to profit from it so that they would have incentives to come up and be the most creative people in the world. 
technology and freedom would uplift ordinary Americans and give all Americans a chance at a decent life. And they were right. They wrote that into the Constitution. It is right there. I believe it probably was under the influence of my favorite Founding Father, Benjamin Franklin. What we have to recognize is that over the years of our country, what has made us a great nation is our freedom and technology. 
Americans and especially of Black Americans. Let me note that Black Americans, if you take a look at the history of our patent system, are disproportionately inventive. In the history of this country, actually, as a proportion of their population, our Black Americans have been more inventive than any other group in our country. Why is that? Because patent law and property law were considered a constitutional right, and this was in the one area in which Black Americans were not discriminated against once they were freed in 1860 to 1865, when our Black citizens were freed. After that we found that more patents proportionately went to that community because they needed an opportunity to uplift themselves free from outside forces beating down on them and denying their rights. 
the patents granted by Washington thus respected the rights of all of our citizens, including our minority citizens. Thus, making sure that we have patent protection has been one of the great boons to our minority populations, who otherwise suffered great discrimination and suffered from a lack of rights, except for the property rights that come from inventions. We see this has been good not just for 
minority Americans however. Let me note that we have, with technology, enhanced the ability of our people to work hard and get the job done and thus create wealth that was then owned by a large number of people rather than an elite. Of course, when people understand the importance of technology—and business has more and more come to the understanding that 
it is new technology that will give them leverage and control over wealth. 
in these last 20 years to dramatically diminish the patent protection enjoyed by Americans, the patent protection written right into our Constitution. The fact is that, for the last 20 years, I have been personally engaged along with a small group of people who believe that technology and freedom are essential to the wellbeing of our country. MARCY KAPTUR of Ohio and others 
have beat back many of these attempts to diminish the patent protection of our citizens. 
patent system now. It is the strongest in the world. It is the strongest patent system in the world. We have always been proud of that. We have been proud that it has resulted in the fact that ordinary people have high standards of living here and they earn a good living from work because their work is enhanced by technological superiority over their competitors. 
work hard all over the world. Everybody works hard. In all of these countries they work hard like our people work hard, but they don’t have the technology that enhances their work and amplifies their energy and hard work so that more wealth is created. We have encouraged that since the day our Constitution was ratified. That is why our people, when they work hard, end up living better because it gives us a competitive edge over the slave and oppressed labor in other countries. 
prosperity of average Americans to us and to our Founding Fathers was an important goal. It wasn’t just we were going to have a country that worked, but it was going to be a system with respect for rights that would lead to a good and decent living for all of us, for all the people, and not just a small elite of businessmen. 
years, and it has worked well. We have not had to have our own people who do work hard having to compete in terms of muscular and use of their physiques in order to produce goods, services, and wealth. They had the technology that permitted them to outcompete those other countries. 
a more secure country. Having a strong patent system where people are encouraged to invent new things and to be innovative has given us the edge over people who would do harm to our country. It has been important to our national security because we can’t take 
human rights. If America was trying to secure itself from threats from groups of people around the world, leaders and gangsters who have no respect for human rights whatsoever, we lose because they are willing to lose all of their people, and they are willing for any amount of bloodshed to maintain 
control and power and, yes, to beat the United States and democratic countries. 
technology at work helping defend our country, technology that would not have existed had we not had the patent protection that has been traditional to our country. Even look today what is happening. Without drones, where would we be? Without drones fighting the good fight against ISIL, we would have to have thousands of Americans there to fight that threat to mankind and the freedom of the world. Instead, we have joined with the forces in Erbil, which is the Kurds, in standing tough directly against this onslaught of radical Islam, and they are holding firm. But without our drones there to help them, they would be overrun. 
technology, of your technological developments, has been heart and soul to a prosperous and secure America. So when I say there are changes being proposed here in Congress, they are trying to manipulate through the system that will affect the prosperity of the average American and the security of our Nation. The public and my fellow colleagues need to pay attention because we are again facing a major onslaught, an attack on this fundamental right of technology ownership by those who create that technology. 
being what? Being masterminded, being masterminded and being pushed by megamultinational corporations who are not operating in the interests of the people of the United States. They could care less about all of that. But they are operating after what they can do to enrich themselves, even if it is not in the interests of the people of the United States and the interests of our security. These megamultinational corporations have pumped millions upon millions of dollars into lobbying for changes in our patent system that diminish the rights of the inventor and enables these multinational corporations to steal the intellectual property of our inventors and use it without giving compensation to the owners. This is in direct contradiction to what the Constitution meant to guarantee and why it was written directly into the body of the Constitution that this was a right that Americans should be concerned about. 
there has been a stealth attack on America’s strong and effective patent system. Let us note that we have had the strongest and the most effective and recognized fair patent system in the world. All other patent systems have been judged against us, and now 
we have had these last 20 years an insidious undermining, and we are on the edge of a huge attack and perhaps successful destruction of fundamental patent rights that have been part of our people for many years. 
after I came here, I found that in the GATT—that is a trade treaty that we have—there were provisions that were snuck into the GATT implementation legislation. That is legislation we passed here in Congress in order to implement a trade agreement. These big corporate interests had put into the GATT implementation legislation without telling anybody two provisions that would have dramatically hurt the small inventors in this country. 
Up until now, the Constitution actually says that the inventors and the writers are guaranteed a specific time where they will control. They will be granted a specific time where they will control their patent, the rights to their patent, and the rights of their creative genius. Well, it has traditionally been that once you file, as soon as the patent is actually granted to the inventor, then the clock starts ticking, and you get 17 years of protection. In different parts of the world, that is not what the law has been. In Japan and in Europe, it has been, oh, no, once you apply, after 20 years, even if it takes you 10 or 15 years to get your patent or 19 years, no, the clock is ticking then. You may not be granted your patent for 19 years, and then you have 1 year left, and that is no patent protection at all. 
on us. By the way, that would give people, knowing the clock is ticking— those small inventors in other countries are faced by people who are trying to pressure them to accept lesser claims to the legitimacy of their patent in order to basically prevent these guys, men and women, from being compensated the way they would be if they had a guaranteed term, which is part of our Constitution. 
was there 20 years ago was the 18 month publication demand. That is, after 18 months, when someone applies for a patent—now, it is that once someone applies for a patent, that patent application is absolutely secret until that patent is granted. Unless you have a patent in your hand—then it is published for the world because their ownership has been established. Well, that has been traditionally what our Patent Office and our patent protection has been. Basically, you have a secret and you developed it, you give it to the Patent Office. In fact, if anybody leaked that information, up until this point it has been a felony for anybody to tell anyone else until that patent is actually granted to the inventor. 
change this and say, if you haven’t been granted your patent within 18 months, it will be published for the whole world. Think about that. Think about what I am saying. Before, for our 
entire country’s history, we have made sure that an application is secret so that nobody can get ahead of the inventor himself and the inventor won’t be put in a bad spot. We made sure that until the patent is granted it is secret. They want to change that so that after 18 months it is published. What if that patent takes 10 years to issue? That means the man or woman who invented this piece of technology, our competitors overseas will be able to use it for all of that time because they will know all about it, but the patent hasn’t been granted to the inventor yet. 
Technologies Act.’’ That is what they were trying to do. That is what it would result in, and keep that in mind. 
weaken the ability of our inventors to enforce patent rights. Why? Why do they want these big companies here in the United States? Well, mostly, they are multinational companies now— they are big guys—and what they want to do is steal from the little guy—surprise, surprise. 
The big guys would try to manipulate the creation of law here that will enable them to take something from some person who has less economic power than themselves. Our constitutional rights are supposed to protect the little guy’s rights. We believe the newspaper should be able to be published, but little guys should be able to print a mimeographed piece of information themselves and distribute it or to gather. 
imagine is that, if these big guys were actually trying to diminish the rights of religion or speech in this country, or assembly, there would be an outcry; but, because it is the rights to own technology that you have created for a given period of time—it sounds too confusing, and they have let this feeling that maybe the people can’t understand it, so they don’t pay attention— they have let that lack of attention give them an opening to destroy and undermine the rights of Americans, and I think this right is every bit as important as those other rights of religion and speech, et cetera. 
What they have set up in these last 20 
years, it is an ongoing David versus Goliath because some of the biggest corporations in the world are behind the effort to change the patent law. 
there was a coalition of us—Democrat and Republican, MARCY KAPTUR . We 
had some very good support from the Black Caucus. I might add that, again, they recognized how important inventions have been to the Black community; but we beat them back. 
have had to, over the years, compromise and negotiate certain things, but they have not gotten their way; but every time they have tried—they 
who are preventing the diminishing of patent rights—they have had to use scare tactics, always claiming that there is a boogeyman, there is a boogeyman out there, and that is the reason why we have to attack the inventor, because there is something out there that is really threatening and it is sinister and it is a sinister force that has to be defeated, that is why we have to take away all of the rights of the inventors over here, because they have now tried to tell the story in a way. 
going to take away the rights of every American to sue someone—or a company or anyone else who has caused them damage—because there are frivolous lawsuits. Yes, there are frivolous lawsuits. There are some people who misuse our legal system. 
The last thing we want to do is eliminate the rights of all Americans to use the court system to protect their rights. That is basically what is going on here. Our own cherished patent rights to own what you have created— and this constitutional right that was given to Americans—is on the verge of being dramatically altered and diminished and destroyed. 
was used in order to try to gain support for these very same two items that they snuck in the GATT, the boogeyman was called the submarine patentors. 
heard about before—as if a person who was filing for a patent was a submarine patentor. Everybody has got to lose their patent rights in order to get the submarine patentor. 
submarine patentor was—their definition—someone who files for a patent and then does everything they can to delay the patent from being issued; and then, after years and years, the patent is finally granted, and they have got all this leverage on all the people who have used the technology in the meantime. 
submarine patentors—there were some—but the fact is most inventors were struggling to get their patents issued to them as soon as possible because they needed the money, especially the little guys needed the money, and they were struggling, ‘‘Please, give us the patent so we can move forward on this,’’ but, no, they were being presented as if they were trying to slow down the process. 
for 10 years on this, reached the compromise, which my chief of staff, Rick Dykema, and myself negotiated, along with MARCY KAPTUR , who negotiated 
this agreement with us, that if, indeed, there is a patent applicant who uses his abilities or uses various powers that he has in the bureaucratic process to delay the issue of the patent, well, if that happens, then, indeed, that patent, the time, the clock, has to start ticking against that guy, so he is using 
his own time when it has not been issued. 
it was—without diminishing the rights of those people who were struggling to get their patents out, but took 10 years or 15 years to get the patent issued. 
That wasn’t a hard thing to negotiate, a hard thing to do, but it was a hard thing to accomplish because the people who were pushing submarine patents were really trying to diminish the patent rights of all Americans so that they could steal from little guys and could take away their patent rights basically as soon as possible. 
the patent troll. Now, there are some people who misuse and have frivolous lawsuits who use the patent system. There is no doubt about it. I might add this idea that people will be sent a thing—you are violating my patent, you either give my $5,000, or I am going to sue you, and then small businesses go along with it—there have been court cases now that have taken care of that. 
something we can’t put up with; that was happening to a degree, but there is no excuse, as I say, to eliminate the rights of all Americans because somebody abuses a right. That is not what is acceptable. 
straw man. We are going to have legislation that will get this guy who has these frivolous lawsuits and is creating such havoc among smallbusiness men and ripping them off. Just like the submarine patents, that can be taken care of without eliminating the patent rights of our people. 
the patent troll. When you hear a debate on this issue, all you will hear is patent troll, patent troll, patent troll, not recognizing that every provision in this bill diminishes—it is H.R. 9 that is before our Judiciary Committee now— every provision makes it more difficult for the small inventor to enforce his patent against infringement by future megacorporations. 
Guess who is pushing this legislation? Huge megacorporations who want that little guy not to be able to sue a corporation that has stolen his intellectual property rights—this is basically—but they are going to say: Oh, no, it is the troll we are after, the troll. 
Well, as I say, there have been frivolous lawsuits, and there have been changes made in the judicial system itself of how to handle that, but there is no excuse for a troll—for this word ‘‘troll,’’ a straw man—get him to be used to damage and destroy the rights of the 95 percent of the technology creators in our country, take away their rights to get this straw man. 
‘‘troll’’ came about, the word ‘‘patent troll.’’ That is the reason you are hearing it. Every time you hear somebody say it, remember this. A group of corporate elitists got in a circle in a room—I know because one of the people who was in that meeting switched sides and came over and disclosed that these corporate executives said: What can we do to make it sound so sinister that we can get this passed? What words can we come up with that will just basically create such a bad feeling that the American people will not recognize that what we are really doing is trying to get the small inventor and make sure that the small inventor cannot sue us for things that we are using? 
This friend, the fellow who told me about this meeting, said: I came up with the words ‘‘patent pirate,’’ and then, by the time it got around the circle, somebody came up with the words ‘‘patent troll.’’ 
horrible, we can distract everybody’s attention using that, and that is good enough. That sounds so evil that we can make sure that we go into battle using that in front of us, instead of we want to diminish the patent rights of honest, hardworking inventors who deserve to have a profit from their creation of their technology. 
has been. Every provision of H.R. 9—a bill now sitting in the Judiciary Committee—prevents—makes it more difficult for an inventor to actually enforce his rights and sue a company that is trying to steal, use his property rights, intellectual property rights, without compensating him. 
Let me give you an example of something in the bill and the changes they are proposing. Now, they are changing to loser pays legal fees. If you have a small inventor and if he sues that company and it is a huge company, that is usually what he has created and making profit from it, if he sues them and he loses, he will have to pay the legal fees for that huge company. 
almost nothing. Taking on a case of one guy is nothing in their expense account because they have got 100 lawyers in a stable, waiting to help and being paid for. Well, if the inventor loses, that is it for him. That alone is wrong. 
added another little proviso to destroy the small inventor; and that is, if someone invests in his invention, if someone invests in the invention and he manages to be successful and comes up with a new piece of technology and he is granted the patent and some megacorporation comes along and incorporates it and uses it and refuses to give this guy even a small payment for using the technology that he created, his intellectual property rights, if someone has invested in that inventor to help him make the invention, let’s say that, when that inventor goes up to battle Goliath in his megacorporation, and let’s say, even though he is right, he loses—because that happens sometimes in our country many times, where some people with a great number 
the little guy, the little guy sometimes loses—well, what is going to happen now, according to this bill, is anyone who has invested in the inventor is going to have to be liable for the legal fees that come out of that suit. 
Who is ever going to give an investment to an inventor if that may open them up to liability? It is a liability, I might add, to some megacorporation, megamultinational corporation. 
Well, this provision just demonstrates what is the purpose of that provision. The provision is to beat down the little guy so that the big guys can steal, and that is evident, very evident; yet this bill is still moving forward. 
It is H.R. 9. It is in the Judiciary 
Committee now. As I say, H.R. 9 is the equivalent of saying: Because there are frivolous lawsuits, we are going to do everything we can to diminish the power of ordinary citizens to use the law and legal lawsuits for compensation for damages done to them. 
the right of the inventor to enforce his or her own patents. 
last year. We struggled against it here in the House, but what happens is 90 percent of the people here in this body are just so busy that it is hard to pay attention to something that seems mundane like a patent law, and they just can’t get themselves to focus on it. The American people also think that issues like this are so complicated that they can’t get involved, but that leaves the whole playing field open to huge corporations that are out to enrich themselves by basically structuring law in a way that the power and the wealth will flow to them. 
Fathers wanted was for the wealth to flow broadly across our country so that every American could benefit from new technologies and new wealth that was being created. Now they want to corral that wealth; they want to diminish our rights in order to enrich themselves. These companies are not companies 
that are loyal to the United States. They are being loyal to their own profits, and some of them are multinational corporations that have actually no ties, real ties, to the United States. 
pass the House last year, but it was stopped in the Senate because, by then, we had made so much noise here. As I say, a bipartisan group, led by myself, MARCY KAPTUR from Ohio, Mr. M ASSIE  
from Kentucky, and other very strong activists, got together, and we made so much noise that the American universities finally paid attention because that bill that lets people steal patent rights was a huge threat to our university system. Had it been signed into law, the value of patents would have gone down dramatically. Let me go back to how that works. Remember, we were talking about a 
troll. What their definition of ‘‘troll’’ is is anybody who buys the patent rights from someone who has invented something and has a patent but who doesn’t have the money to enforce it. Anybody who actually buys the patent rights but is not aiming at commercializing it himself and is going to enforce that and make a profit from it, that is going to be what they are stamping out. The universities are not there to commercialize what they are doing. They are there to basically have new discoveries, and they realize they have got a lot of patents that they own as part of their portfolios and that the actual values of those patent collections by the universities would have dramatically gone down. As well, of course, the patent value of any American would have gone down at that point. 
important industries to our well being—PhRMA and others, biotech industries—which struggle hard to come up with one patent that they then can sell in the market, are totally undermined by this effort to weaken our patent system. We managed to mobilize those people, and we stopped it the last time around; but the multinational corporations behind this legislation are so arrogant that this bill is now going to be shoved through again. This time, I think, with the American people, we can actually stop it here in the House, and we can certainly stop it in the Senate. 
We need the American people to mobilize and to call their Congressmen and ask: How do you stand on this terrible patent bill, H.R. 9? We need people who are going to stand up for the little guy in America, not for some megacorporation that is trying to permit the theft of American intellectual property rights by multinational corporations. 
around is going to depend on, yes, the people here who understand the issue, fighting it out, being as aggressive as we can be, and the American people mobilizing to make sure we protect our sacred rights granted in the Constitution. One of the most important, I believe to be, is the right of technology ownership to people who create that technology. 
groups in this city and in our country and in the world that try to change policy and are manipulating government. That is clear. That is fine. We have a democratic process. We just need to make sure that we are all being held accountable—that all of the Members of the House and the Senate are accountable for their votes—and that we know and the public at least has the chance to know what we are voting on. 
Actually, there is something happening right now where that is not true at all, and I sure hope the American people are paying attention to what is going on here in Washington concerning what they call TPP, the trade promotion pact, and then there is the 
TPA, which gives trade promotion authority to the TransPacific Partnership, which is a trade treaty with the nations around the Pacific. The sinister nature of this can be seen because this trade treaty with the Pacific nations is secret. It has been declared classified. 
read what now exists of this trade treaty and if I had announced it here on the floor, I would have been violating secrecy restrictions that they have declared—how about this?—in a policy about trade with major countries of the world, which will have an enormous impact on our wellbeing. It is being kept totally secret from the American people. How is that? Then they say Members of Congress can go down and look at it if they want to. Of course, as they have said, you can only do it within a certain time. They have regulated the time we can go down, and we are so busy that almost no Members of Congress will have gone down and read the actual documents that explain what that trade policy is that they are trying to foist on us. 
understand that Members of Congress should not be voting on things that, number one, they don’t have access to, but we should not be voting on something if we have not permitted the American people to know what that is. You will remember the famous statement by Ms. PELOSI about ObamaCare, 
which was that we have to pass it in order to find out what is in it. That is totally unacceptable. In trade treaties, these things will now pass rules and regulations based on this treaty that will impact our way of life here. 
Now, we have been briefed on it. I am 
on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and we were briefed on this the other day. The two main administration guys there—the people who had been Ambassadors and who are currently with the State Department—were briefing us. It is just like the boogey words over here, the scare words, in terms of patents. Now, this is all being used in just the opposite way with every glorious word—higher income for our people, more competitive for America, and all of the trade will come in our direction. Yet, when I asked these briefers, ‘‘Hey, have you read this treaty?’’ neither one of them had read it. So the people advocating for this treaty have not even read the treaty themselves. 
at least I understand it is in there—I have not verified it yet because we have all of this trouble to go through to verify what we are being asked to support—that says that patents in the United States will basically have to be published after 18 months. If a patent application is made and if after 18 months the patent is not granted, the patent will be published for the whole world to see. Uhhuh. Does that sound familiar? They tried to put that over on us 20 years ago. We managed to 
sneak it into a treaty, and the American people are not permitted to know what is in the treaty. 
Will that hurt us in some way? It will 
only make all of our technological discoveries available for our competitors overseas to be using long before the patent is even granted to the American inventor. You see what type of sinister forces we are up against. Who can sit down here and say how wonderful this 
treaty is going to be when the American people aren’t allowed to see it and when almost all of us have not read it and when our briefers who come here have not even read it? 
briefers, ‘‘Well, is this in the treaty?’’ They didn’t know. They didn’t know whether or not this provision on patents was in there, which would undermine our rights to control our own creations here and have our opponents and our competitors overseas have all of the information about our technology even before the patent is granted. They didn’t even know that was in there. They didn’t know if it was or if it wasn’t. 
By the way, if I had gone down and 
had finally gotten through the maze and had read the actual wording in the treaty, I would have been required not to have mentioned it today on the House floor as we are being restricted because it has been declared secret from the American people. This is outrageous. 
We don’t need to have a trade promotion authority that will keep things from the American people, and we don’t need to have a trade treaty with the Pacific and with all of these nations in Asia that will open us up to having our technology stolen, but also we don’t know the other parts of it either. 
that are in it that are going to benefit the American workers, but we know what has happened in China. As for China, we were told, if we opened up our trade with China, China would modernize, and they would become a liberal, democratic country over the years. I call it the ‘‘hug a Nazi, make a liberal’’ theory. Basically, we were told that China would become a benevolent force. As we know now, China is becoming a malevolent force. China is becoming a threat to world peace, and the American people have not benefited from China trade as our goodpaying jobs have gone to China. 
We don’t want that for the rest of the 
world. We need to know what is in these trade treaties because they might have a major impact on bringing our working people’s salaries down even more. Whether it is immigration or trade or patent law, our criteria should be what is in the interests of the people of the United States or whether it is in trade, where we have been basically having trade for the benefit of some megamultinational corporations or patent law for the same clique. Guess what they also want? They 
want cheap labor, and that is why you see today this push to give 11 million people amnesty who have come here illegally. It is not 11 million. That is a 10yearold figure. By the time they get done, they are going to bring 50 million people into our country who wouldn’t be here otherwise. What is that going to do to our wage base? What is that going to do to Americans who are out looking for work right now? What is that going to do to our schools? to the money we have for our veterans’ benefits? What is that going to do? We are undermining the wellbeing of the American people for the profits of some megamultinational corporations. That is wrong. 
enterprise; I believe in private property; I believe in the profit motive—but we have to have a Congress that is working for the benefit of and protecting the rights of the American people, and they need to mobilize to make sure we are doing that by supporting them to make sure that our communities are not overrun with illegal immigrants. 
25 million illegals, there will be a huge surge of people from around the world who will know that all they have to do is outlast us, and they will get their amnesty. We need to make sure that these decisions, those things—immigration policy and trade policy and, yes, intellectual property protection policy—are done in a way that will benefit us and will not benefit our competitors. 
When I say us, United States, it is us, 
US, us, the American people. That should be the basis of our criteria: what is going to be in the interests of the American people; not bring down their wages, not let people steal our technology and use it to compete against us. 
I ask my colleagues, please pay attention to H.R. 9 and these issues. Join with me in supporting the cause of the American people, of us instead of the big corporations. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, during National Police Week we honor those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives while protecting and providing for the safety and protection of our communities. 
As an important part of these ceremonies that we see here today in Washington, D.C., we honor city of Wapato, Washington, police officer Derek ‘‘Chip’’ Andrew Hansen, an Army veteran who paid the ultimate sacrifice on March 8, 2014, when he passed away as a result of injuries sustained in the line 
Over his 15year career as a police officer, Officer Hansen demonstrated exemplary service. He acted as an instructor for Standard Field Sobriety Testing. He was a school crossing guard. He wrote numerous grants related to school safety. And he served as a volunteer in his community. 
of heroes we lost last year, we also recognize his family, especially his son Colt, for their loss. 
honoring Officer Derek ‘‘Chip’’ Andrew Hansen and his family for his dedicated service and for their sacrifice. 
LAMALFA ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I am on a mission of mercy; a mission of mercy, Mr. Speaker, because a U.S. military helicopter has gone down in Nepal on Tuesday, May 12. They were on a mission of mercy. The United States of America always responds to those who are in need, those who are in harm’s way. This was no exception. 
our military. Many of them will go to distant places, and some of them will not always return home the same way they left. Some will not return at all. I am honored to say that we should be proud of those who serve. Regardless as to how we feel about conflicts around the world, we ought to appreciate the service of those who are in our military, and we ought to want every one of them to return home safely. So today I stand in the well of the House on a mission of mercy for our military persons who have lost their lives in distant places, but more specifically in Nepal. 
We are there for a reason, Mr. Speaker. We are there because Ruth Smeltzer is right: 
Others by heartthrobs, passions, and tears, But the surest measure under God’s Sun. Is what for others in your lifetime have you 
are doing things for others in the lifetime of people in this country currently, and we do it in the lifetime of our Nation. We want it said that we were there to help those in time of need. 
need for those in Nepal. On April 25, a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Nepal; 7.8. Thereafter, on May 12, a 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Nepal. These earthquakes have devastated this country. Lives have been lost, more than 8,000 lives. People have been injured, 
displaced, nearly 3 million. Millions have been affected, more than 8 million. Four Americans lost their lives. 
committed the sum of approximately $10 million initially, but that has now grown to more than $32 million. The relief efforts from the United States are growing. Not only are we placing dollars into the relief effort, we are also placing our military equipment into these efforts. That is why the helicopter was there in Nepal, to help in this time of need. 
So I am proud to say that we are 
there to help. The need is estimated to be approximately $415 million. The number could go up. But if it is that amount, we can do as much as we can, and we should do as much as we can to help the people of Nepal. I want you to know that the people of Nepal and the Nepalese community in the United States of America across the length and breadth of our country are pitching in. 
In my district, the Ninth Congressional District of Houston, Texas, on May 2, 2015, we held a meeting. That meeting was to discuss how we can be 
of service, the congressional office, and how the community can come together to provide assistance for those in need in Nepal. At that meeting, I am proud to say we had a good many persons in attendance. It was a community meeting. In the true spirit of community, which has the word ‘‘unity’’ in it, there was unity within this community meeting. I am proud to say that the members of the Nepalese Association of Houston were present. The president, Mr. Ghimirey was there, and he gave a report. The secretary, Mr. Nepal, was there. He gave a report. The building that we were in was at the International Center owned by Mr. Wei Li, and we are honored that he opened the doors of his facility for this purpose. 
community was in unity on the effort to help those in Nepal. Some of the members of the community in attendance: the Bhutanese community was there. The Taiwanese community was there. The Latino community was in attendance. The Burmese community was in attendance. The Pakistani community, the Vietnamese community, all in attendance. Asian realtors were there. The Southwest Management District was there. There were Venerables there, those who are of the Buddhist faith. The Filipino community was represented. The community activists of all stripes, of different ethnicities were in attendance. The Jewish community was there, and a report was given in terms of how Israel has been involved. The Turkish community was there, the Indian community. The Lion’s Club was represented. The Chinese community was in attendance. And the African American community was there, as well as a representative of the NAACP. 
there for the purpose of becoming a part of the mission of mercy, for the 
purpose of making sure that we fulfill our obligation to help those in times of need, and I am proud to say that a goal of $100,000 was set for the purpose of aiding those in Nepal just from that meeting. There are many others who have other goals, some higher, some lower, but I believe this goal will be met because it was indicated at the meeting that approximately $60,000 had been committed. I am proud to know that the community, in the spirit of unity, has come together. 
our congressional office, working with other Members of Congress, we have filed a bill, H.R. 2033, to accord, to provide temporary protected status for the Nepalese community in Texas, in the United States of America, if you are a citizen of Nepal. If you are a citizen of Nepal, and you find yourself here on some sort of visa, if you are here lawfully in the country, temporary protected status would extend the stay for those who are lawfully in the country. It will not change the immigration status of a single person. It will simply extend the stay. This is the American way. It is not the first time we have done this. This is the American way. 
expire, and they are subject to going back into harm’s way or going back to their country, which would place them in harm’s way, we have done the honorable thing, the right thing. We have on many occasions allowed them to stay here rather than send them into harm’s way. 
2033. It would permit them to stay in this country and not return to a country that has been devastated by not one, but two earthquakes, a 7.3 and a 7.8. These two earthquakes have left much damage across the length and breadth of the country. The country is recovering. 
We need to make sure that we do all 
that we can to help the people of Nepal. This is why the bill was introduced, and I am proud to say that a good many persons have joined this mission of mercy. The Honorable MIKEHONDA  
is an original cosponsor, but there are others who are cosponsors, and in our tradition we like to thank people. It is a tradition of the House to thank people who are a part of a process that is helping someone. 
who have put their names on the line, you ought to acknowledge that they are doing it. So I am proud to acknowledge people of goodwill, members of the United States House of Representatives who are a part of this mission of mercy, who have signed on to H.R. 2033. 
name. There are others who will sign on. This is not an allinclusive list, but as of today: The Honorable MIKE 
the way these are alphabetized—the Honorable KAREN BASS; the Honorable MIKE CAPUANO ; the Honorable T ONY 
Honorable E MANUEL CLEAVER ; the Honorable J AMES CLYBURN ; the Honorable 
joined us, these are the people who are on a mission of mercy. These are the people who are on H.R. 2033, a bill designed to help people stay in this country and not go back into harm’s way to Nepal. By the way, this bill would impact about 10,000 to 25,000 people. It is very difficult to count, but this is a guesstimate at best, the number of people who might benefit by staying in this country. 
on this mission of mercy; the Honorable JOSEPH CROWLEY ; the Honorable 
Honorable M ARKDESAULNIER ; the Honorable T AMMY DUCKWORTH ; the Honorable K EITH ELLISON ; the Honorable 
make mention of this: This is not the first time, as I have indicated, that we have had temporary status granted to other countries. 
It was done under the Clinton administration, and it was granted to Montserrat. It was done under the Clinton administration as well for Nicaragua, following a hurricane, as well as for the Honduras. It was done with the Bush administration for El Salvador. It was done for the Obama administration for those who suffered from an earthquake in Haiti. 
Honorable K EITH ELLISON , the Honorable M ARCIA FUDGE , the Honorable 
JOHNSON , the Honorable D ANIEL KILDEE, the Honorable B ARBARA LEE, the 
Honorable G RACE NAPOLITANO , the Honorable J ARED POLIS, the Honorable 
RUSH, the Honorable L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ , 
the Honorable J ACKIE SPEIER , the Honorable B ENNIE THOMPSON , the Honorable C HRIS VANHOLLEN , the Honorable 
is always a wonderful thing to have bipartisan legislation. This legislation is bipartisan in nature. 
I want you to know that, in sponsoring this legislation, it is our hope that the United States House of Representatives will take it up and that it will come to the floor of the House for a vote, so that we can do more than say we support the people of Nepal. 
This is a way for the Congress of the 
United States of America to go beyond endorsing aid. It is a way to provide aid because the people who are here will have an opportunity to continue to work. As they continue to work, they will be permitted to return funds to their home country. 
This is a way for us to not only keep 
people out of harm’s way, but to allow those who are here to send money to those who are in harm’s way. They can send dollars back to Nepal to help their country in a time of need. 
Honduras that required temporary protective status, persons were allowed to stay. Since that occurred, approximately $31 billion has been sent back to Honduras from those who are in the diaspora. 
those who are in the diaspora, I want to commend you because you have sent approximately $10 billion home. For those in El Salvador, I want to commend you because you have sent approximately $45 billion home. For those in Haiti, in the diaspora, you have sent approximately $6 billion home. 
various countries want to do what they can to be of assistance to their people at home. This is a way of providing them an opportunity to be of assistance to those that they love, those who find themselves in harm’s way, those who are in their homelands. 
Well, we hope that this piece of legislation will pass. If this piece of legislation passes, it will give those persons who are here the opportunity to continue to be a part of the mission of mercy by sending dollars to those who are in harm’s way. It is nothing unique, but it is something very much needed for those who are in Nepal. 
I am proud to tell you that, as we go 
forward with this effort, we will extend the reach to the United States Senate. We will ask that the Senators please become a part of this. This is an effort that we all, in my opinion, can embrace. We can do this, and we can do it without it costing us—meaning the government—any money. 
of America is already sending tens of millions of dollars by way of aid and equipment, and we are doing a lot, but this is another way for the government to be of assistance without spending additional money to be of assistance to the people who are here by not putting them back in harm’s way, but at the same time, to allow them—those who are here—to be of benefit to their country by sending dollars back in the form of remittances. 
I believe that the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States of America can get this done. I am going to ask my colleagues to please give consideration to H.R. 2033. 
the House and Senate, and be on this mission of mercy to see if we can do something to provide aid and comfort for those who are in Nepal by passing legislation to allow those who are in this country to stay in the United States of America. 
because Dr. King is right—I mentioned Ruth Smeltzer—when he reminded us that life is an ‘‘inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny.’’ What impacts one directly impacts all indirectly, meaning what is happening to those in Nepal will have an impact on us. 
there will be an indirect impact. It will happen in ways that we may not be able to measure, but it will. It will impact because there are people who are going to try to migrate, people trying to get out of harm’s way and try to get to other countries. 
My hope is that we will do our share 
to help those who are trying to get out of harm’s way and do our share to prevent those who are here from going back into harm’s way. 
Dr. King is right; life is an inescapable network of mutuality. We are bonded together. This is one island that we are all stranded on, the island that we know as Earth. If we are going to live together as brothers and sisters, we have to treat each other as such. 
This is a time for us to be responsive 
to our brothers and sisters in Nepal because there is another comment I hear quite regularly when we hear of disasters like these. People will mention that: ‘‘But for the grace of God, there go I.’’ 
the United States of America; and, when we have had our share of mishaps, people have always sent their best wishes and aid to us. People have been of assistance to us throughout the years, the decades, the century. People have been of assistance to us. 
But for the grace of God, there go I. I am so proud of the response that we 
had in this country after we suffered 9/11. There were people who showed us a great amount of sympathy and empathy, people who wanted to do all that they can to let us know that they cared and that they were concerned and that they did not, in fact, support—and, in fact, condemned—the dastardly deeds that were perpetrated. 
It was a time for the world to come 
together. This is another such occasion, but not the same—no two unpleasant circumstances are the same— but this one in Nepal is one that we can embrace. This is a time for us to show the world that we understand that 
there are things that we can do and will do. 
millions of dollars. We have our aid in the form of the soft side of our military. Our heavy equipment and helicopters are there. As I mentioned earlier, we did lose a helicopter, and we lost some lives. 
United States of America is doing its part. I want us to continue to do our part. I want us to do all that we can to make sure that every person knows where we stand. 
we in the United States have been blessed to have this melting pot of people who come from all over the world to be a part of this great American Dream, the great American ideal, and the people who have come here from the country of Nepal are no exception. 
have shown their desire to be a part of the fiber and fabric of the United States of America. They have been people of good will. I ask that we extend the hand of friendship to these people of good will, especially during this month, which is a month that we are to give honor and show respect to those of Asian heritage, if you will. 
Heritage Month. This is a great time for us, during this month, to show our concern for the Asian population that is in Nepal. We have the opportunity to pass H.R. 2033 and make a difference in the lives of a good many people in this country. 
that some may not have heard, the community in Houston is well organized. Immediately after the first earthquake hit, we had a meeting, and we had scores of people in attendance. These were Nepalese persons. They were there to show their unity with each other. 
plan of action included raising money so that they could send it to their homeland to be of assistance, and they want to send this money directly there themselves. I admire them for their lofty goals and their efforts. They want to send the money themselves to their homeland. They want to make sure that there is no question that they have done their part. 
is that it became infectious and other members of the community decided: If not but for the grace of God, there go I. Here is my opportunity to be of assistance. Here is my opportunity to unify. 
May 2, when we had all of these various organizations and groups coming together, all of them pledging their support, all of them pledging their desire to be of assistance to the Nepalese community in Houston, Texas, across the length and breadth of this country, but also to those who are actually in Nepal in a time of need. 
goals that they, I believe, will meet—I plan to do my part—but I am also honored that they decided that this was something that we could all embrace. They have reached out to the entire community, and the community has responded. 
the aisle, this is not a Republican or a Democratic resolution—or bill, if you will. This is a bill, H.R. 2033, that already has bipartisan support. It is not about what part of the country you are from. It is not about how many people you happen to represent from a certain community. It is about helping somebody in a country that is in need of help. 
on to H.R. 2033—those who have not, many have indicated they will—so that we can bring this bill to the floor of the United States House of Representatives. It is not going to cost us any additional money to bring it to the House of Representatives. 
It will not in any way grant any status to persons that they don’t already have. It will simply extend the period of time that they will be allowed to stay in this country without having to return to harm’s way. 
Speaker. I do believe that this is time that has been well spent, and I do want to, as I close, let those families who have friends and relatives who are serving in our military or who are in Nepal, especially those who have family members that were associated with the military and the loss related to that helicopter crash, but also those who are with USAID and those there with various other organizations that are in service and doing what they do to make a difference, thank all of them for being there on the ground. 
our military this morning. When speaking of those who are there as a part of that military effort and those who lost their lives, there was a request for prayers. There was a request that we would pray for those who are injured and those who have lost their lives. 
it has a positive impact. I believe it can make a difference. I believe that there are times when there are no answers available to people, when you cannot explain what has happened, when the inexplicable is confronting you. At those times, many people turn to prayer because prayer can provide what words cannot explain. 
you need to go forward. Prayer can give you the sense of I can, the belief that I will, the belief that I will go on and continue to make a difference, that it is expected that I go on sometimes. People think that there is no more hope, and they should just give up right here and right now. Prayer can do marvelous things, so I 
am going to end with a prayer because I believe that the request should be honored from the military person who made the request. Without knowing the name, I want you to know that I appreciate that you indicated that we should pray for our people in harm’s way. 
not from my head. I have no paper that I will be reading when I present this prayer. It is a prayer that has been written across my heart for a time such as this, and I pray, as I give this prayer, that it will be received with the intentionality that I will send it. 
would like to can join me in your tradition. However you pray is okay with me. I will lower my head to give this prayer, and I will close my eyes. 
by many names, but we also know that, by any name, You are the creator of all that was, is, and ever shall be, and we know that we are Your children, and as Your children, You have given us the greatest gift that we could ever receive, the gift of life. 
ourselves, we know, many of us in our hearts, that we are blessed beyond measure to simply have the gift of life. 
deserve, simply because we have the gift of life, because we cannot earn the gift of life. There is nothing that we could have done to earn it or merit the gift of life. It is something that we get because of grace. 
servant, asking Your mercy for those who are in harm’s way in the nation of Nepal. I ask Your mercy, I ask Your blessings for those who are reaching out and trying to do what they can to help someone in a time of need. 
those who are there who, tonight, may find that they do not have shelter, but please give them some sense of belief that help is on the way. 
people in a distant place called the United States of America who are people of good will who are going to do what they can to make sure that they get the shelter they need. 
Please help those who may be suffering the pains associated with having been a part of a tragic circumstance and having been hurt physically. Help those who are suffering to know that help is on the way, that we plan to make sure that they get the medical aid that they need and the treatment that they need because You have given us so much and those who have so much, as we, should do as much as we can to help people who have little. 
strengthen all of us in this House of Representatives so that we may continue to go forward to do Your will to make Your world a better place. 
life for a reason. There are many reasons that may be cited, but I believe 
that we have been blessed with the gift of life so that we may be a blessing to others. 
This is our opportunity to be a blessing to others, and I beg and I pray that we, who have received the precious gift of life, when we finally, 1 day, have the opportunity to look back upon all that our lives stand for, perhaps we will, at some point in time, have an opportunity to see the omniscient, the omnipresent, and the omnipotent, and we will have an opportunity to tell and go over the record of our lives. 
On that day, I hope that we will be 
able to say that we did all that we could to help the people of Nepal. 
We thank You for the gift of life, and 
we pray that we will use it wisely and well and make a difference in the lives of others. 
you, Mr. Speaker, and God bless the United States of America. 
KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
honor and pleasure to follow my friend and fellow former judge from Texas when he talks about praying. I know him to be a praying man. I also know his heart to be a big heart. 
We can disagree on issues, but he is a 
brother, as a Christian, and he is a very good friend, and I appreciate his perspective very much. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
friend from the great State of Texas. He and I happen to share more than being Members of Congress. We are Members of Congress from the same State. 
worked hard in Congress, but you have also been a part of activities outside of Congress, and I am honored to work with you on at least one project, and we hope to do some good for the great State of Texas on this project together. 
I am grateful to you, and I am grateful for your kind words. Thank you so much. 
Mr. GOHMERT. I would never question the heart or motivation of my friend ALGREEN . I know his heart to be 
bigger than most in Washington. It is just an honor to serve with you. 
this week. One of the things that has happened here in Washington and continues to happen today is a tribute, memorial to law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty—doing what?—serving and protecting. 
it was encouraging to me to see so many people, once again, come to appreciate that the vast majority of law enforcement, the vast majority of first responders, they are serving and trying to protect for the good of others and willing to lay down their lives. 
No greater love is this than a man lay 
people—I think 273 lost their lives over this past year. Over 40 have lost their lives this year in the line of duty. 
are bad apples, people who don’t have the best motivation; but I would humbly submit, I believe with all my heart that, when it comes to law enforcement, the percentage of those who are not properly motivated is far, far less than in the general population. 
We do owe them so much. Some people say: Oh, well, we ought 
Jesus was commenting, of course, his ultimate point was that we will be judged for what is in our heart by our Father in heaven. 
an offense back in that day, then you will answer to the courts. He understood, in an orderly society, you need a government; you need governing officials to which people will be responsible if they violate the law. 
That was also true in Romans 13, anticipating, in an orderly society, you need a government with a sword to punish those who do evil. That is why 13:4 says: If you do you evil, be afraid, because God doesn’t give the sword in vain. 
start freaking out when I quote the most quoted book in the history of the country, as quoted here in the House of Representatives and in the Senate floor. It is part of our history. The Bible is the most quoted book in congressional history—was, is, and I hope will be in the future. 
Right out of law school, I was an assistant DA for three counties in east Texas. Very early on, I went with law enforcement to execute a warrant, and the individual, the subject of the warrant for arrest, had made clear that, when he saw any law enforcement officers, he was going to start shooting; he would kill any law enforcement officer that came out there. 
us had, even though some were very seasoned law officers, when you are approaching a dangerous building—in this case, a home—where somebody in there is threatening to kill anybody like you, you do have a little hair stand up on the back of your neck. 
life at risk in trying to maintain order and civility by approaching somebody 
that is a threat to society. That was quite a lesson, that these law officers— whether they are new, whether they have been working for a long time— they are constantly in a situation where they don’t know if, 10 minutes later, they may be dead in the service of their community, but they are serving anyway. 
they do and what they risk on our behalf, so we are just grateful to all law enforcement officers willing to serve and protect all of us. 
We have a report here back in February, and this is an article from The Hill entitled: ‘‘FBI investigating ISIS suspects in all 50 States.’’ The article is quoting FBI Director James Comey, that he revealed Wednesday his agency is investigating suspected supporters of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in every State across the United States. 
‘‘Earlier this month, Comey said the FBI was investigating ISIS supporters in every State except Alaska.’’ 
At the time of this article, at the end 
of February, he was saying: We are investigating ISIS suspects in all 50 
Director Comey said: ‘‘We have investigations of people in various stages of radicalization in all 50 States.’’ 
He said: ‘‘This isn’t a New York phenomenon or a Washington phenomenon. This is in all 50 States and in ways that are very hard to see.’’ 
He said: ‘‘ISIL in particular is putting out a siren song with their slick propaganda through social media.’’ 
with troubled souls, people seeking meaning in some horribly misguided way,’’’ and that ‘‘those people exist in every State.’’ 
should have been a siren song for Americans to understand there are people who live among us who want to destroy us and our way of life. 
was February 25. Less than 2 months later, there was an article put out, Judicial Watch indicated that an ISIS camp was just a few miles from Texas, that Mexican authorities confirmed that. 
camp just a few miles from El Paso, Texas, according to Judicial Watch sources that include a Mexican Army field grade officer and a Mexican Federal Police Inspector. 
‘‘The exact location where the terrorist group has established its base is around 8 miles from the U.S. border in an area known an ‘Anapra,’ situated just west of Cuidad Juarez in the Mexican State of Chihuahua. Another ISIS cell to the west of Cuidad Juarez, in Puerto Palomas, targets the New Mexico towns of Columbus and Deming for easy access to the United States.’’ 
out in April, I quoted from that, brought it up on the floor and— Let’s see. This article was 2 days 
later from FOX News: ‘‘Islamic State fighters are operating training bases near the U.S. southern border and are being aided by violent drug cartels to smuggle terrorists into States like Texas, a report published Tuesday by a watchdog group claims.’’ 
this report seems to get even more legs after the Federal Government, though, denying that any such thing like that was occurring, apparently sent FBI officials to Mexico to meet with their counterterrorism experts, seemed to give some credence that there is something to be concerned about in the way of training of violent radical Islamists across our United States border. So the irony here is pretty profound. 
America just accepted when the FBI Director says, you know, there are ISIS suspects in every State in the Union. People said: Wow, that is amazing. Man, they are here? 
I saw a headline of a survey just moments ago on FOX News saying, 6 out of 10 Americans believe that there are terrorists in their community. So how ironic that even the far left that turns a blind eye to radical Islam could be so accepting that, yes, there are radical Islamist terrorists in every State in the Union. And when Judicial Watch and LOUIE GOHMERT quote from their 
material, quote other things going on to point out that there is a report that there is an ISIS camp across our border, the left went nuts, saying how crazy Judicial Watch was, how crazy I am for even mentioning this. There couldn’t possibly be an ISIS camp in Mexico. 
here. They are saying, yes, we believe there are radical Islamist terrorists in every State in the United States, but there couldn’t possibly be ISIS across the border where the drug cartels are. 
And I haven’t gotten a good explanation. Do they have so much faith and trust in the drug cartels’ integrity that they would never associate with radical Islamists? Is that what they are saying by their cynicism about ISIS being in Mexico? Because it is a bit intriguing. 
are educated way beyond their means— their mental capacity, at least—and so they have information; they just can’t process it effectively. Because anyone who can readily accept when the FBI Director says there is ISIS in every State in the Union and we are investigating in every State in the Union radical Islamists—he doesn’t use those terms because this administration doesn’t want to offend any radical Islamists that want to kill us. So we don’t use that term if you are in this administration, but I use the term because it is accurate. They are radical Islamists. 
week: ‘‘Minnesota men accused of trying to join Islamic State ordered held, but may have other options.’’ 
Judge Michael Davis, who wears a dark robe to match his intellect—he is the same guy that previously—this is also a May 12 article by Patrick Poole. This is the same judge, Michael J. Davis, chief judge of the district of Minnesota— 
‘‘A terror ‘deradicalization’ program— established in the ‘Ground Zero’ of terror recruitment, Minnesota’s Twin Cities—has already failed after just a few months. 
Federal court released 19yearold terror suspect Abdullahi Yusuf to a halfway house earlier this year. Federal prosecutors opposed Yusuf’s release, but were overruled by’’ this bighearted, caring ‘‘Federal judge’’—at least bighearted and caring about radical Islam, not so much about victims of radical Islam. But Michael J. Davis cares deeply about those who want to kill us. 
Judge Davis said today in a separate case of six men charged with trying to join the Islamic State that he would be willing to consider ‘less restrictive options’ than detaining the men—just a day after Yusuf’s rearrest.’’ 
was smarter and more capable than anybody else in America. He could deradicalize people who want to kill Americans by just sending them through this program that he had helped with or proved: Gee, we are going to get you reading good material that really helps you see the wonder and glory of this country. 
J. Davis, will be a hero to all of my leftist friends because I cared more for the criminal radical Islamists than I did for the victims. And the left loves that kind of thing. 
Minneapolis airport while on his way of Syria by way of Turkey to join the Islamic State. One of his accomplices, Abdi Nur, did make it to Syria, and he now serves as an effective recruiter for the terror group. 
Journal reported on the program with an article titled, ‘A Test Case for ‘‘Deradicalization.’’’ 
Yusuf, a U.S. teenager who tried to become a radical Islamic soldier, passes through writings of Martin Luther King, Jr. readings of the U.S. Constitution, and discussions about life and literature with a fellow SomaliAmerican named Ahmed Amin. 
Middle East last year helped lead authorities to six Minnesota men who were charged last month in connection with a plan to join Islamic State abroad. The 19yearold has become a test case for whether Americans lured 
wouldn’t trust them to Judge Michael J. Davis, if that is what we want. 
pointing out the ingenuity of the Founders in creating three branches. We have the executive branch that is supposed to carry out the laws that the Congress, elected by the people, pass. We have two Houses of Congress to make it more difficult to pass laws. They wanted some obstacles and problems to passing legislation too quickly. And then we have the judicial branch that will handle criminal cases, handle civil cases, handle review of actions to ensure their constitutionality. 
the judicial branch, like five of the Justices on the Supreme Court that decided that they wanted to micromanage enemy combatants at Guantanamo. I thought it would have been a good idea to let them live over at the Supreme Court if they want to micromanage them. 
But then, also, this judge like Michael J. Davis in Minnesota who decides, actually, he is not just judiciary; he is clairvoyant. He is a rehabilitative agent. He is everything to everybody, just the kind of judge you want. God in a robe. 
through these reading materials. And I wonder, though, if he was a bit surprised when Yusuf was arrested because he is not following the program, and he is not reformed. But even that does not prevent God in a robe from saying: You know what? But these new terrorists that you have arrested, they are just a little misguided. I hate to have them in jail because if they are in jail, then the American people will be protected, but they won’t be able to come to see how wonderful people like I am. So I want them to develop warm and loving, fuzzy feelings for people on the left, like me. So I want to find some way we don’t have to keep them in jail. 
people exceed the bounds of their job in government because they think they are wiser than the Founders. They think they are wiser than anyone that has gone on before. We hear people in recent days on the issue of marriage talking in terms of how much smarter and how much more we know today than the ignoramuses of the past. And the ignorance that displays is pretty astounding. 
Bible, Solomon, considered to be—until he got sidetracked by having too many wives and concubines—was considered to be the wisest man in the world. And Solomon, credited for writing some of the things in the Old Testament—the Old Testament, as we call it—but in what we call Ecclesiastes, he points out, there is nothing new under the 
new idea? It is not new. It has been around forever. And every time it has been tried, it leads to totalitarianism. It leads to the loss of freedom, and then it fails because, as Margaret Thatcher once said, eventually you find out—well, you run out of other people’s money to spend. It doesn’t work. It won’t work. 
medicine, like ObamaCare is taking us toward, government control. I have friends on the Republican side of the aisle who say, LOUIE, we won’t have to 
worry. ObamaCare is going to fall of its own weight. The problem is government health care, socialized medicine, it never falls of its own weight. Socialism does. It can’t survive because when you are paying people to not work the same amount you are paying people to work, eventually you destroy the society. And we are in the process of doing that here in America, paying people to do things that are destructive to their wellbeing. We ought to be incentivizing good conduct, not rewarding conduct destructive to the individual and to the Nation. 
has not been working for 50 years, so hopefully people are going to eventually get the message. 
have a Wall Street Journal article, ‘‘Deadly Mexican Cartel Rises as New Threat.’’ 
It should be noted—Carlos the Jackal, probably the most notorious, famous assassin—had commented that he believed the only way to really bring down the United States would be for socialists and Islamists to join forces, and that could be the successful force to bring down the United States. Interesting observation from an anarchist like Carlos the Jackal. Interesting. 
talks about the rise of the Mexican cartel and it says this in the second page of the article: ‘‘The New Generation cartel is perhaps Mexico’s most audacious and vicious criminal enterprise, after the government captured or killed most leaders of the Zetas gang based in northeastern Mexico, say officials and security analysts. Like the Zetas, originally formed by Army deserters, the New Generation gang favors paramilitary methods and has received tactical training from Mexican and foreign mercenaries, these people say, including the use of rocketpropelled grenades against the helicopter.’’ 
So, let’s see, Mr. Speaker, this columnist said the helicopter incident was a declaration of war. The coming months are going to be very hard in Jalisco. 
our southern border, but don’t worry. Our Justice Department has been very 
helpful. We can’t get documents because the Justice Department becomes an Injustice Department quite often in obfuscating—hiding documents, hiding the truth, preventing people from getting at the truth—and won’t provide the documents to me that they provided to convicted terrorism supporters in the Holy Land Foundation trial. 
I could visit. That was very nice and gracious of them. But basically they were covering up their tracks, being the most muddy—not transparent— Justice Department in my lifetime. That includes going back to the lack of transparency under J. Edgar Hoover when he became too enthralled with his power and began using FBI agents to investigate people not for information to introduce in court but just to use, apparently, to persuade them to do what the FBI director wanted. Information like that is dangerous, and the Founders knew that. 
Then there is another Wall Street article from May 14: ‘‘FBI Says Texas Man Lied About Links to Syria.’’ Imagine that, Mr. Speaker. They catch somebody who they have evidence to show he has got links to terrorism in Syria, and, lo and behold, they found out not only does he have links to terrorism but he may have actually lied to the FBI. Imagine that. The article points out that ‘‘Bilal Abood, 37 years old, of Mesquite, Texas, was arrested Thursday after a 2year game of cat and mouse with Federal agents, who questioned him repeatedly before and after he allegedly traveled to Syria in 2013.’’ 
week later, agents interviewed him again and he admitted he planned to go to Syria to fight with the Free Syrian Army, according to the complaint. Unlike terror groups, such as Islamic State and the Nusra Front, the moderate FSA’’—Free Syrian Army—‘‘has received backing from the United States.’’ 
backing from this administration is what the bottom line is, not from all of us here because some of us have been saying that this administration is providing weapons to the Islamic State. They were providing weapons to the so called vetted moderate Free Syrian Army. Remarkably weapons that the Obama administration was providing to the vetted moderate Syrian Army kept ending up in Islamic State hands. And they were, Oh, gee, they raided, they took this stuff, they took the weapons, send us more. Well, the Obama administration wised up about 4 months. They suspended weapons shipment to the vetted moderate Free Syrian Army. But then, not to worry, they eventually started back sending weapons to the vetted moderate Free Syrian Army even after their leaders were saying, Yeah, we may disagree with the Islamic State on the leader, Assad, the leader in Syria, but we are brothers, and we do line up on most issues. So, Mr. Speaker, it is important to 
note terrorism is alive and well in the world, and this administration has done very little to stop it, has turned a blind eye to it, and we have got to do all we can to help them wake up and smell the gunpowder coming from radical Islamists. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 1191. An act to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 18, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the following Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Robert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, 
Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Clawson, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, 
Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theodore E. Deutch, Mario DiazBalart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Robert J. Dold, Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Duncan, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Elizabeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Christopher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Goodlatte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Graham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau ´l 
M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, 
Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Joseph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube ´n Hinojosa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill Johnson, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, William R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy, III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Ann Kirkpatrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau ´l R. Labrador, Doug LaMalfa, 
Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, John B. Larson, Robert E. Latta, Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David 
Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, 
Michelle Lujan Grisham, Cynthia M. Lummis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik 
Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohrabacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros Lehtinen, Dennis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille RoybalAllard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Loretta Sanchez, Mark Sanford, John P. Sarbanes, Steve Scalise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schrader, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Jose ´E. Serrano, Pete 
Sessions, Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shimkus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Marlin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thornberry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. 
Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Daniel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yarmuth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1486. A letter from the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, transmitting the 2014 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, pursuant to Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1987. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–115). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1335. A bill to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114––116). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1557. A bill to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–117). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. C OOPER): 
H.R. 2347. A bill to amend the Federal Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2348. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX 
of the Social Security Act to promote program integrity with respect to the enrollment of certain immigrants in State plans under Medicaid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2349. A bill to ensure receipt of all 
health insurance benefits to which a member of a union is entitled; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Grants for the children of fallen public safety officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Boxing Safety Act of 1996 to provide additional safety standards for professional boxing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia): 
Species Act of 1973 to require making available to States affected by determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species all data that is the basis of such determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2353. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Natural Resources, Science, Space, and Technology, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Exchange Commission to review all its significant regulations to determine whether such regulations are necessary in the public interest or whether such regulations should be amended or rescinded; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2355. A bill to provide for a national 
public outreach and education campaign to raise public awareness of women’s preventive health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
and Exchange Commission to revise Form S 3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a national securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the requirements of General Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2358. A bill to amend the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2359. A bill to amend the Social Security Act to prevent disability fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2360. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2361. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend the authority to provide workstudy allowance for certain activities by individuals receiving educational assistance by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
credit reports certain medical debt that is less than 180 days delinquent or that has been in collection and has been fully paid or settled, to amend the Fair Debt Collection 
Practices Act to provide for a timetable for verification of medical debt and to increase the efficiency of credit markets with more perfect information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2363. A bill to provide for the removal 
of default information from a borrower’s credit report with respect to certain rehabilitated education loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
risksharing in the Federal student loan programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2366. A bill to provide for improvement of field emergency medical services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2367. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to authorize aliens who are covered by certain immigration policies and who otherwise satisfy the requirements for admission to a military service academy to be appointed to and attend a military service academy and, upon graduation, to be appointed as a commissioned officer in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
ENGEL , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2369. A bill to lift the oil export ban 
and modernize Federal policies regarding the supply and distribution of energy in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2370. A bill to amend title 35, United 
States Code, to require disclosure of ownership and transfers of ownership of patents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. D ELANEY ): 
H.R. 2371. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to States that enact State laws that will make school attendance compulsory through the age of 17; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for highspeed Internet service in the utility allowances for families residing in public housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2373. A bill to provide for the legitimate use of medicinal marijuana in accordance with the laws of the various States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2374. A bill to combat illegal gun trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to States for assistance in hiring additional schoolbased mental health and student service providers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. RANGEL, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
H.R. 2376. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to post on the public Web site of the Department of Defense the cost to each American taxpayer of each of the wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
freedom of taxpayers who are conscientiously opposed to participation in war, to provide that the income, estate, or gift tax payments of such taxpayers be used for nonmilitary purposes, to create the Religious Freedom Peace Tax Fund to receive such tax payments, to improve revenue collection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2378. A bill to establish an Office of 
Specialized Instructional Support in the Department of Education and to provide grants to State educational agencies to reduce barriers to learning; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2379. A bill to prohibit the transportation of certain volatile crude oil by rail; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. E STY, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. C LARK  
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 2380. A bill to require criminal background checks on all firearms transactions occurring at gun shows; to the Committee on 
H.R. 2381. A bill to provide grants to States 
in order to prevent racial profiling; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize a parent to opt their child out of participation in certain assessments required under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. J ONES , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
H.R. 2383. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to change the eligible foods allowed for purchase under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (commonly known as SNAP); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 2384. A bill to prohibit any appropriation of funds for the National Labor Relations Board; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
companies to submit to an independent annual audit of their supply chains to verify that their supply chains are free of child and forced labor; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2386. A bill to provide for the recognition of certain Native communities and the settlement of certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2387. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture of certain communities in the State of Alaska as nonrural; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2389. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a limitation on certain aliens from claiming the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
importance of a continued commitment to ending pediatric AIDS worldwide; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for the Nation’s law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (for himself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
for the designation of May as National Lacrosse Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
designation of July 2015 as Uterine Fibroids Awareness Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. PITTS, and Mr. P AULSEN ): 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the need for investigation and prosecution of war crimes and crimes against humanity, whether committed by officials of the Government of Syria or other parties to the civil war in Syria, and calling on the President to direct the United States representative to the United Nations to use the voice and vote of the United States to immediately promote the establishment of a Syrian war crimes tribunal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2347. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. 
H.R. 2348. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18. 
H.R. 2349. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2350. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2351. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 2352. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2353. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to the general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
H.R. 2354. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2355. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2356. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2357. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2358. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2359. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2360. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2361. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2362. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, among several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
H.R. 2363. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, among several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
H.R. 2364. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, among several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
H.R. 2365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 2368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which give Congress the authority ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several states . . .’’, and pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
H.R. 2370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 2372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 2382. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2383. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2384. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
for executing powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2387. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2388. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2389. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. C OLE, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
H.R. 271: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. 
H.R. 292: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ENISHEK , and Ms. W ILSON  
H.R. 381: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
RUSH, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. L ANCE , 
H.R. 616: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 815: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OSKAM , 
H.R. 825: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 879: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 893: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
AGUILAR , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Ms. E STY, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. 
LINDA T. S ANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. I SSA, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. T IPTON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 909: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 921: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 1112: Mr. N EAL, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. R YANof 
H.R. 1197: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. 
H.R. 1375: Ms. E DWARDS and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 1468: Mr. R ANGEL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. P OMPEO , 
H.R. 1559: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 1595: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. M ILLER of 
H.R. 1624: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. B YRNE , and 
H.R. 1737: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. P EARCE , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 1886: Mr. R EICHERT and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 1893: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. D UNCANof Tennessee, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Ms. 
BUSTOS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1942: Ms. B ONAMICI and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2033: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
H.R. 2042: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. B OST, Mr. C RAWFORD , and 
H.R. 2061: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 2109: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2169: Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , and 
H.R. 2213: Mr. H ILL, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2265: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
H.R. 2292: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 2302: Mr. R USHand Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Con. Res. 30: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P ETER SON, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. B ABIN and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
H. Res. 225: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 233: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
BRAT, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. H OYER , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H IGGINS, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K IND, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S WALWELL of 
RUIZ, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. C ASTOR of 
York, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
H. Res. 259: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. C LARK of 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
name to the following discharge petition: Petition 1 by Mr. HECK of Washington on 
HONORING THE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS IN NORTH CAROLINA’S 8TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
recognize and honor the fine men and women who faithfully serve in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District as law enforcement officers. 
John F. Kennedy declared May 15th as Peace Officers Memorial Day, our country observes National Police Week during the calendar week of May 15th. This is the day we pay our respects to those heroic officers who died in the line of duty and to their families. 
unique opportunity to show support for these important public servants. 
and women who dedicate and risk their lives daily for our wellbeing and security. Their commitment to the safety of others deserves our gratitude and appreciation, and their service is an example to the people of North Carolina. 
to join me today to recognize and honor the law enforcement officers in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. 
is a remarkable place. Earlier this week, my good friend at the Salinas Californian, Jeff Mitchell, captured the spirit of the airport best when he wrote on Thursday, May 14: 
eye—is a funny place. Most of the time it doesn’t look like much is happening there. But take a closer look and you’ll find some interesting things going on there . . . 
of the corporate jets flown by our elite ag companies. It’s also the home for a company—Cal Pacific Airmotive—that has gained a national reputation for the perfect restoration of the greatest World War IIera fighter ever made, the venerable P–51 Mustang. Finally, the Salinas airport is home to none other than Sean D. Tucker, a National Aerobatics Champion and U.S. Aviation Hall of Fame member. 
Valley aviation community and the airport staff, the national Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA) has picked the Salinas Airport as one of the sites for its 2015 national 
fly in. Residents in my Congressional District will have the opportunity to participate in educational forums and hear from national aviation speakers, view top of the line manufacturers, and see aerobatic performances. With our own hometown aerobatic star, Sean Tucker, I know the crowds will have a wonderful family experience. 
with flight, which propelled the Wright Brothers to aviation history by inventing the first three axis control that enabled pilots, for the first time, to steer their aircraft and maintain equilibrium. As we enter our second hundred years of aviation advancement, space flight will become the norm and the United States will conquer new horizons. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the 
House of Representatives in congratulating the Salinas Airport and Brett Godown, the Salinas Municipal Airport Manager, for hosting APOA the 2015. 
AND THOSE WHO MAKE IT FOR 100 YEARS OF CONTINUED SUCCESS 
recognize the Pyrex brand of glassware on the occasion of their 100th year of business. 
glassware products has become a staple of the American kitchen. It all started when a Corning Glass scientist gave his wife an improvised casserole pan made out of the cutoff bottoms of battery jars. After refining the product, the company capitalized on the glassware’s potential and now, according to their parent company, World Kitchen, eight of every 10 homes in the United States have Pyrex products. The story behind the dependable Pyrex brand is a timeless testament to the innovative and hardworking nature of our country. 
is essential to also recognize the extraordinary employees that have made the milestone possible. A tradition almost as old as the Pyrex brand itself is the manufacturing of its glassware in Charleroi, Pennsylvania. Charleroi has been a glassmaking presence since the late 19th century and has been producing Pyrex products ever since Corning Glass bought the local glassmaking facility. The Mon Valley community has subsequently provided a skilled workforce as reliable as the products they make, and that very group can proudly say that they not only produce tens of millions of Pyrex pieces but they have helped make the company what it is today. 
on its 100th anniversary, I am honored to highlight the hardworking Mon Valley community for its impressive efforts and continued commitment to making Pyrex successful. 
rise today to recognize Preeclampsia Awareness Month and the importance of addressing maternal and infant health. 
Preeclampsia is a serious and far too common complication of pregnancy and the postpartum period and is one of the leading causes of maternal deaths, illness, and premature birth. According to the Preeclampsia Foundation, the disease affects approximately 1 in 12 women, and can result in seizure, stroke, organ failure or death. Prenatal care is necessary if preeclampsia or risk of preeclampsia is to be identified and monitored to ensure the health of the mom and baby. 
of this potentially fatal condition. The main indicator of preeclampsia is high blood pressure. Additional symptoms of preeclampsia are common to pregnancy such as headaches, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, vomiting, confusion, heightened state of anxiety or visual disturbances such as oversensitivity to light or blurred vision. That is why I support the Preeclampsia Foundation’s efforts to educate women and their families to know the symptoms, respond to warning signs, and seek prenatal care. 
about this condition—why it occurs, how to cure it, and its longterm effect on a woman and her child’s health. Research has demonstrated a possible direct link to the placenta. I understand that the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development at NIH has embarked on a new effort to understand diseases and conditions related to the placenta, and it is my hope that it leads to new discovery for preeclampsia and other conditions of pregnancy. 
Together we must do all we can to eliminate 
preventable maternal and infant death and disability. I am hopeful for the promise of our research efforts, and I am grateful for the work of clinicians around this country and organizations like the Preeclampsia Foundation who work so tirelessly to advance maternal and infant health and wellbeing. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1732, a bill which blocks efforts to clarify the Clean Water Act before agencies even produce a final rule. 
the Clean Water Act is confusing and has frustrated many in the regulated community. Two Supreme Court decisions and guidance dating from the Bush Administration has caused years of uncertainty and difficulty in the permitting process. Clarifying responsibilities under the Clean Water Act will ease those frustrations while protecting critical drinking water for our constituents. 
The Administration has undertaken a comprehensive review process to solicit comment from all the stakeholders to rewrite the rules. While today’s bill argues that the Army Corps and EPA have made insufficient effort to obtain input from the regulated community, there have been over 400 public meetings and hundreds of thousands of public comments. The public comment period lasted 207 days. 
and force the Administration to start from scratch, delaying regulatory certainty and clean water protections indefinitely. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill and evaluate the merits of the final rule when it is released in a few weeks. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an organization who has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve their community, the 21 Club Incorporated. The 21 Club Incorporated has served as a support system to citizens of Yazoo County. 
The 21 Club Incorporated is a nonprofit organization founded in 1954 in Yazoo City Mississippi with the mission of rendering charitable and recreational services to its community. The club is one of the oldest in Yazoo City. 
‘‘The Mr. and Miss 21 Club Scholarship Pageant’’ with the goal of providing scholarships to deserving young girls and boys in the community to assist them in pursuing a higher education. In conjunction with the American Legion, they sponsor local boys and girls attending Boys and Girls State, a program where students from across the state learn about state government. The 21 Club partner with local emergency 
management agencies in the event of natural disasters in Yazoo County. They offered assistance during Hurricane Katrina and the massive tornado that hit Yazoo County a few years ago. They also assist people when individual emergencies happen, such as, houses being burned and they often assist church youth groups when they travel. 
the Yazoo County Department of Family and Human Services to help buy toys for less fortunate families at Christmas and an annual donation to the Boys and Girls Club of Yazoo City. The club also makes annual donations to elementary schools in the county to provide items such as: school uniforms, supplies, prizes and reward incentives, etc. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the 21 Club Incorporated for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. 
commemorates the 23rd anniversary of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, I am very pleased to join my friends in the APA community to celebrate their ongoing successes. As leaders in business, education, STEM, military, medicine and the arts, Asian Pacific Americans have made a significant impact on our nation’s culture and prosperity. The story of the APA community is a testament to what is achievable in America. 
Voice: Promote Equality and Inclusion. Many Asian Pacific Americans have overcome numerous obstacles including racial prejudice, language barriers and economic struggles. I am honored to represent a portion of the 1.1 million constituents living in New York City, which has the largest APA population in the United States. I have been impressed by their tremendous achievements, from serving in our Armed Forces and creating over 1.5 million small businesses today. 
Pacific American Caucus and I are dedicated to promoting the economic and social empowerment of the APA community as we work to secure comprehensive immigration reform and opportunities for all business owners. I am a proud cosponsor of H. Res. 621, to recognize the significance of Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month. Let us honor the heritage of the APA community. 
was absent from votes in the House, and therefore, missed rollcall votes 228 through 232. Had I been present, I would have voted: 1) ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 228, the Polis 
Amendment, which would strike section 538 of the underlying bill, related to a sense of the House of Representatives regarding the Secretary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding the consideration of allowing ‘‘DREAMers’’ to enlist and serve in the Armed Forces; 
Amendment, which would extend prohibitions and further restrict the transfer of detainees located at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
4) ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 231, the Smith (WA) 
Amendment, which would provide a framework for closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; and 
Amendment, which would amend section 2576a of title 10, United States Code to add border security activities to the list of activities deemed suitable for the Department of Defense to transfer excess property to federal and state agencies. 
is National Police Week. We take this time to honor local, state and federal law enforcement officers for their tireless dedication. We also remember those who have been killed in the line of duty. 
the country put on the uniform, pin on the badge, and place themselves in harm’s way to serve and protect our communities. 
I grew up in a small town outside of Temple, 
Texas. When I was 5 or 6 years old, my dad took me to watch a parade in Temple. I noticed a man standing at the curb who was not in the parade, just watching it and the people in the crowd. Of course, it was a local police officer. 
When my dad saw me watching this individual, he told me something I never forgot, ‘‘If you are ever in trouble, if you ever need help, go to the person who wears the badge because they are a cut above the rest of us.’’ 
today. When people are in trouble and need help, who do they go to? 
Peace officers. These peace officers serve as the barrier 
between the law and the lawless, and they are all that separate us from the criminals and bad guys. 
9/11 when they learned of the terrorist attack. I was driving to the courthouse in Houston, listening to the radio when it was interrupted with news about the airplane that crashed into the World Trade Center. As I continued, I heard that a second plane had crashed into the Second Tower, then another plane crashed in Pennsylvania, and then a fourth 
plane crashed not far from here, into the Pentagon. 
terrorist attack in New York, a much smaller group ran in the opposite direction—towards the scene of the attack—to help. This group was comprised of emergency technicians, firefighters, and peace officers. Seventytwo peace officers gave their lives that day. They, along with other first responders, gave the ultimate sacrifice so that others could live. 
from across the country for their service and sacrifice. We honor them because they truly are, as my dad said many years ago, ‘‘a cut above the rest of us.’’ My home state of Texas is home to some of America’s finest lawmen. 
During my 22 years as a judge, I had the 
distinct privilege of working alongside many of them. These peace officers put their lives on the line each and every day to protect us all. 
60,000 lawmen each year are injured in the line of duty, and an average of 150 officers are killed in the line of duty each year. In 2014, 117 law enforcement officers were killed; 11 of these brave souls were from the great state of Texas: 
Chief of Police Lee Dixon of the Little River 
Chief of Police Michael Pimentel of the Elmendorf Police Department; 
United States Department of Homeland Security—Customs and Boarder Protection—United States Border Patrol; 
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Valdez, III of the Harris County Sheriff’s Office; 
that is good and right in our country. This week we remember those brave Texas officers and all officers who have been killed or wounded in the line of duty. And we say ‘‘thank you’’ to the thousands of men and women who continue to serve. 
Sunday marks the 61st anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education. 
children of color have benefited from increased access to opportunities in education. 
address the opportunity gap in education. Because I have dedicated my life to education and to being a champion for disadvantaged young men and boys of color, I know that we must continue to invest time and resources. 
my 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project and initiatives like the President’s My Brother’s Keeper so more boys and young men of color have the support and encouragement they 
Education, let us remember that, while we have come far, we must do more to lift up and support our children. 
today in strong support of this important legislation to provide for Congressional review of any final nuclear agreement with Iran. 
It is the policy of the United States to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. That is my position, and it has been the position of both President Obama and a majority in the United States Congress. 
As I indicated in a statement a few weeks 
ago, I support President Obama’s ongoing effort to work with our P5+1 partners to achieve a strong and verifiable agreement to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. This legislation makes clear that Congress must exercise its responsibilities in this process. 
many important details remain to be worked out before the June 30 deadline. These include ensuring that inspectors are able to visit all nuclear sites in Iran, that sanctions only begin to unwind after the International Atomic Energy Agency confirms that Iran is complying with the terms of the final agreement, that the ‘‘snap back’’ of sanctions is assured should Iran violate the agreement, and that Iran implements an agreed set of measures to address the IAEA’s concerns regarding the possible military dimensions of its program. I will be carefully monitoring and reviewing the ongoing negotiations to determine whether the final agreement meets the objectives we established. 
very important role that Congress must play in this process. It provides that Congress will review this agreement and have the opportunity to act. Moreover, it makes clear that any repeal of sanctions legislation will require congressional action. As negotiations continue, I look forward to working with the president and my congressional colleagues to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. I agree with President Obama that it would be best if we can achieve that objective by negotiating a verifiable agreement. But I also agree with him that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
Madam Speaker, the President and a majority in the Congress are united in our commitment to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Let us continue to pursue that objective together. HONORING JAQUON M. LOTT 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a goal oriented student at Quitman County Middle School. 
JaQuon M. Lott is the son of Tiara Lott of 
Lambert, MS. He has been attending Quitman County Middle School for two years. He is active in many school activities such as football, basketball, track and field, student council, and choir. He also is an active hall monitor for Quitman County Middle School. Along with his many school and academic responsibilities, JaQuon also takes part in his community and participated in Support the Vote initiative that the Student Council sponsored in November. 
State University or Alcorn State University to fulfill his dreams of one day playing in the NFL. A second part of his dream is to receive a Master’s Degree in Engineering. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing JaQuon M. Lott as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in his community. 
RECOGNIZING FAVIL WEST, NEVADA SENIOR OF THE YEAR FOR 2015 
to the floor today to recognize and commend my constituent Favil West on being named Nevada Senior Citizen of the Year for 2015. 
where he has lived with Pat, his wife of 54 years, since 2000. 
senior community, Favil cofounded The Foundation Assisting Seniors to improve the lives of seniors in his own community through programs designed to assist seniors in times of illness, recovery, confinement at home, and coping with loss of a loved one. 
our senior communities are the health and safety risks that come with living alone. 
Last fall, Favil developed the HowRU Program, an effort specifically designed to minimize risks of living alone by maintaining daily contact with their senior clients. 
designated time to see if they are doing okay. 
Think of the peace of mind that daily contact 
brings not only the seniors who participate, but also their family members. 
That peace of mind is the result of Favil’s 
devotion to serving fellow senior citizens in his community. I congratulate Favil West on being named Nevada Senior Citizen of the Year for 2015. 
rise today to celebrate John George BezantakosBaker of Boca Raton, Florida, who turned 100 years young on May 10th. 
D.C. on May 10, 1915. He has fond childhood memories of selling peanuts in his push cart to prominent figures like the 30th President of the United States Calvin Coolidge and then Secretary of State Herbert Hoover. In 1944, he received his law degree from New York University and then enlisted in the Army Air Corps. After being honorably discharged in 1946, John worked at MetLife Insurance Company until his retirement in 1976. John moved to Ft. Lauderdale postretirement and became active in the South Florida Greek community as a lifetime member of the American Hellenic Education Progressive Association, the first GreekAmerican Neighborhood Commissioner for the Boy Scouts, and a trustee in his local Greek Orthodox Church. John was married 44 years to his late wife and has two children and three grandchildren. 
John is an exceptional man, and one who I 
am proud to represent in Florida’s 22nd District. I know I join with his family and friends in celebrating this wonderful occasion. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming year. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
the following exchange of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
our mutual understanding regarding several provisions contained in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdiction of House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill on the following provisions. 
Mobilization Duty Authorities Exempt from FiveYear Limit on Reemployment Rights of Persons who Serve in the Uniformed Services 
70th Anniversary of the End of Allied Military Engagement in the Pacific Theater 
Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois 
takes this action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. 
seek appointment to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 1735 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill. 
action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. 
this letter in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 1735 on the House 
Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on the Judiciary has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on the Judiciary is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
recognize John Francis Smith, a patrolman from Lynn, Massachusetts who died, as a result of injuries sustained in the line of duty, on August 19, 1934. Today being Peace Officers Memorial Day, I can think of no more fitting occasion to honor his commitment to his community and family. 
of the Lynn Police Department at the time of his fateful incident. Though his initial violent 
confrontation did not prove fatal, the wounds sustained that day did prove to be grievous. Patrolman Smith was rushed into emergency surgery, which would prolong his life by an additional two years. Despite his life threatening wounds, John F. Smith eventually returned to active patrol duty, serving his community to the best of his ability. Sadly, the wounds suffered in 1932, eventually took his life on August 19th, 1934. 
In addition to his dedicated service as a patrolman in the Lynn Police Department, John F. Smith was a loving husband, and father to nine children. His family has continued to grow and flourish in the eight decades since his untimely passing. In the five generations since his watch ended, public service has remained a very important component of the Smith family. Several of the descendants went on to serve in the Lynn Police Department, and others still got involved in municipal government. But, we can all be thankful for the precedent set by John Francis Smith’s service to his community. 
Francis Smith on this day dedicated to the men and women who have fallen in the line of duty. I ask that my colleagues join me in commemorating his sacrifice in the pursuit of a more perfect community. 
50 OF THE UNITED ASSOCIATION OF JOURNEYMEN PLUMBERS, STEAMFITTERS AND SERVICE MECHANICS 
join the men and women of Local 50 of the United Association of Journeymen Plumbers, Steamfitters and Service Mechanics’ 125th anniversary. I join in the union’s celebration and add my congratulations to the chorus in recognizing this remarkable milestone event. 
granted a charter on December 1, 1890 after previous association with the International Association. Aggressive organizing efforts brought the city’s pipe craftsmen together and the union grew to nearly 90 members by 1897. During this time the local worked not only to increase its membership, but also the wages of its members who had been earning on average 30 cents an hour in a sixty hour work week. 
first major construction projects was the Nasby Building, Toledo’s first skyscraper at six stories tall. By the end of its first decade, Local 50 craftsmen also helped to build Toledo landmarks the Gardner Building, the Spitzer Building and the Lucas County Courthouse. During this time of its initial establishment and growth, the Local’s history explains that its leadership was able to work with are contractors and business owners while adhering to its primary objective: ‘‘Solidarity among workers for the benefit of all.’’ 
As the new century dawned, there were rivalries between the UA and other unions which ultimately weakened the relationship between Local 50 and contractors and resulted in wage and overtime differentials among the crafts. However, these early power struggles eventually served to strengthen Local 50, which emerged from the battles a strong and powerful leader in Toledo’s labor movement. 
infiltration, tensions between management and labor, violent strikes, Prohibition and the Great Depression, Local 50 suffered, but survived. Then came the 1934 Electric AutoLite Strike. The Local 50 history notes, ‘‘ ‘The outcome of the AutoLite Strike strengthened the Toledo Central Labor Union, its affiliate locals and the Lucas County Unemployed League, leading to further organizing activity in the city.’ The strike also led to the creation of the Toledo Industrial Peace Board, which would go on to become a national model for strike resolution.’’ 
saved Local 50. Its members were employed by many of the public works building efforts the New Deal initiated, including the city’s Collins Park Water Treatment Plant, completed in 1941 and still operating in testament to the members’ skills. World War II brought increased work and technological and training improvements. 
were initiated for its membership. The Health and Welfare Fund was created in 1952 followed by pension, holiday and retirement plans. Beginning in the 1950s, the union’s membership was kept busy with many new 
buildings going up along Toledo’s downtown skyline and new buildings at the University of Toledo. In 1970, the members of Local 50 began the biggest project in its history: the building of the DavisBesse nuclear power plant. The history reports that during the eight year building project, ‘‘Local 50 members dismantled and rebuilt components of nearly every piping system installed in the plant.’’ 
Local 50 then joined with other unions in the 
Northwest Ohio Building Trades to strengthen further its efforts on behalf of its membership. This coalition was crucial to the unions during the economic downturn of the 1980s and the subsequent fallout of the challenges to working families brought by that economy. The Local’s history explains the union was able to remain strong ‘‘by ‘drawing on the highest traditions of craft unionism and moral guidance provided by the hearts and minds of its membership.’ The 1990s saw the centennial celebration of Local 50 as well as employment in large construction projects and a renewed emphasis on continual training. As the new century began, the jobs were still going strong. A new union hall and training center opened on August 12, 2003 with a stateoftheart training center completed in 2009. Through the first years of the 21st Century, Local 50 members were again an integral part of major building efforts at universities, industries and public construction in our region. 
Line’’ Voice of the Building Trades printed this truth which summarizes the U.S. labor movement and the journey of Local 50: ‘‘When Local 50 was born, there were no pensions, no hospitalization, no scholarships, no picnics, no dinner dances, no apprenticeships, no Journeyman training and no credit union. Each of these benefits grew through struggle and dedication. ‘We stand on the shoulders of those who came before.’ I don’t know who said this, but it is certainly true of Local 50 . . . Over the last 100 years, labor has changed the face of this nation. We have weekends, Social Security, living wages, Health and Welfare, pensions, 8 hour days, safety provisions, and other benefits which are a direct result of labor’s struggles.’’ 
Trumka’s statement that ‘‘There is nothing stronger than the American labor movement. United, we cannot and we will not be turned aside. We’ll work for it, sisters and brothers. We’ll stand for it. Together. Each of us. To bring out the best in America. To bring out the best in ourselves, and each other.’’ The brothers and sisters of Local 50 in Northwest Ohio have done just this for 125 years, helping to create the middle class and bringing out the best that is in us. United, its members have stood strong over three centuries. United, its members will stand strong and in solidarity in the centuries to come. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable Cadet COL Gregory Wilson, a senior at Murrah High 
School who is the Jackson Public School JROTC Cadet of the Year for 2015. 
While maintaining a 3.8 grade point average, Cadet Wilson has held several key leadership positions in the Battalion throughout his high school tenure. Cadet Wilson is a proud member of the National Honor Society and National Junior Classical League. He recently attended the American Legion Boys State where he was elected state treasurer. 
Cadet Wilson has also been actively involved in a variety of community service projects including Stewpot Summer Enrichment and Stop Hunger Now. Currently, he serves as the Cadet Battalion Commander for the ‘‘Mustang’’ Battalion. 
colleges including the prestigious University of Mississippi Honors College. After graduating from Murrah with honors, Cadet Wilson will attend the University of Mississippi. He plans to attend medical school at an Army residency program. His vision is to become a pathologist for the United States Army. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in strong support of H.R. 2297, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act. 
The aim of the bill is to curtail the funding 
of Hezbollah’s domestic and international terrorist activities by disrupting its logistics and financial network. The bill proposes diplomatic, legislative, and executive strategies to combat Hezbollah including directing the Treasury Department to prohibit or impose strict restrictions on the activities of financial institutions that knowingly facilitate transactions for the terrorist group. 
are suspected of knowingly helping Hezbollah fund its terror operations by concealing billions of dollars in transactions with its Iranian sponsor. This bill will help to curb those activities. 
H.R. 2297 is largely the same bill as that 
which passed the House unanimously last July. The only differences are minor and include the stripping of the findings clauses and the removal of the section on conflict minerals. 
network is a lifeline to the organization that strengthens its power to consolidate within countries such as Lebanon and Syria. 
263mile course from Huntington Beach, California to the border of Arizona in nine days to raise public awareness of and funds for pediatric cancer research. Over the nine day period, Becky ran daily and dedicated parts of her journey to different forms of childhood 
cancer. She dedicated the first day of her run to Samuel Jeffers who at age 8 lost his life to brain cancer. The Jeffers family was Becky’s support crew during her run. 
run in the city of Banning, California, the police chief rode alongside her on a bicycle. Becky made a brief stop at Banning City Hall to meet with families who had lost children to cancer. She surpassed her fundraising goal, raising more than $7,500 to support the Pediatric Cancer Research Foundation. Through her activism, Becky has touched the lives of families and children who have been affected by pediatric cancer. 
raise public awareness of a disease that this year is estimated by the American Cancer Society to affect 10,380 children in the United States under the age of 15. Her daily efforts to bring pediatric cancer to the forefront honors the memory of her two sisters, Robin Ross and Rhonda Ross, both of whom lost their lives to cancer. 
County, California. She is a resident of my 48th Congressional District in Laguna Beach, California and a longtime employee of the Orange County Water District. I commend and applaud her unstinting work to support pediatric cancer research. It is my honor to join with my colleagues in recognition of Becky Mudd. 
remarks to commemorate the life of my colleague and friend Henry Jablonski of Christiansburg, Virginia, who passed away on April 26, 2015. 
on to attend the University of Delaware, where he studied physics. He went on to work for Hercules, Inc. in Salt Lake City, Utah, Princeton, New Jersey, and Radford, Virginia. He married fellow Wilmington native Norma while in Salt Lake City. The pair were married for 53 years before Norma passed away in 2012. In Princeton his son Neil was born, and his daughter Jennifer was born in Radford. 
worked in Utah to demonstrate the reliability of the Minute Man and Polaris missile stages. In 1967, Henry moved to Southwest Virginia in order to assist in designing a Hercules automated manufacturing facility for propellants. 
Hercules Inc./Alliant Techsystems in 1995. Later, he returned to work at the Radford Army Ammunition Plant at Valentec Systems, Inc., where he provided engineering and management services for a manufacturing operation. 
public service. He was elected to the Montgomery County Board of Supervisors for four 
terms, and served from 1982–1997 as the county’s District D representative. During that time, Henry was elected Chairman of the Board for three years and Vice Chairman for seven years. 
(as Chairman for two years and as Vice Chairman for two years) and the New River Valley Planning District Commission (again as Chairman for two years and Vice Chairman for two years). 
Montgomery County Regional Economic Development Commission (from 1988–1993), the New River Valley Development Corp. (from 1985–1997, Vice President and Board of Directors), the MBC (Montgomery County, Blacksburg, Christiansburg) Development Corp. (from 1990–1997, Board of Directors), the Montgomery County Planning Commission (from 1994–1996), the Montgomery County/ Floyd County Regional Library—Main Branch Building Commission (from 1986–1987), the Montgomery County School Site Selection Committee (from 1996–1997), and the Riner Fire Station Building Committee (from 1984– 1985, Chairman). 
the Warm Hearth Village and the Montgomery Museum and Lewis Miller Regional Art Center. Henry was the chairman of and a writer for the museum’s book project committee. This committee lead to the publication of the 772page book Virginia’s Montgomery County, which covers the history of the county. 
Air Force Reserves from 1958–1963, and graduated from the Aircraft and Engine Mechanics School at Sheppard Air Force Base in Texas. 
wife, Dianna, of Spotsylvania, Virginia; daughter, Jennifer Jablonski, of Columbia, South Carolina; and sisters, Pat Allen, of Kansas City, Missouri; Nannette Cannon and husband, Jim, of Wilmington, Delaware, and Mary Julia Stachecki and husband, Chester, of Dover, Delaware. Henry was predeceased by cherished wife, Norma. 
neighbors, and community will long be remembered, Henry will be greatly missed. I am honored to pay tribute to Henry’s many contributions. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and loved ones. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to introduce today the Gun Show Loophole Closing Act—critical legislation to keep dangerous weapons away from criminals and other prohibited persons. First proposed by my friend and former colleague Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, I am humbled to continue her important effort to end gun violence, and this legislation would take an important step forward. 
home state of New York, have recognized the danger posed by this significant gap in our 
gun laws that allows complete strangers to buy and sell guns without the background check requirements Congress passed in the Brady Bill. I’m proud that there is momentum around the country to update our gun laws and ensure that weapons do not end up in the wrong hands—but the fact is that we need a federal solution to this national problem. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives has cited gun shows as a ‘‘major trafficking channel’’, and lax gun show regulations in one state can allow guns in the hands of criminals in communities many states away. 
close this gap in existing law and give the ATF the resources and authority it needs to ensure that gun shows do not facilitate dangerous gun sales. The legislation will make sure that law enforcement knows the details about shows and that records are kept on firearm sales. These commonsense measures will bring consistent national standards to gun shows, help combat gun trafficking, and keep guns out of the wrong hands. 
I hope my colleagues will join me to support 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
several important provisions included in H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. The bill provides critical authorities to support our men and women in uniform. 
Virginia, and the way we have worked together to address the readiness of our United States military. The underlying bill takes important steps to provide authorities and funds to support for the readiness of our military to meet the full spectrum of threats. 
However, I have concerns about an amendment that is in enbloc package 1 and sponsored by Congressman HANNA of New York. 
While I do not oppose the entire enbloc package I am concerned about the potential impacts of Mr. HANNA ’s amendment on reverse 
auctions. In last year’s defense bill we carried a provision that provided a framework to conduct reverse auctions in the Department of Defense. I am concerned that Mr. HANNA ’s 
amendment, as offered, is too broad and does not allow ample time for the DoD to implement what we required just months ago. 
The amendment would restrict the use of reverse auctions on procurement of certain items for the protection of Federal employees or members of the Armed Forces. Such broad language could include items that are more 
appropriately procured through reverse auctions. There is also no evidence that reverse auctions have been harmful in the procurement of any personal safety devices including bulletproof vests. 
of design and construction services that is overly broad and could preclude contracting officials from using reverse auctions to save the government significant funding. For example, it defines design and construction services to include interior design and landscape design. Use of reverse auctions may be an appropriate way to save the government significant funding. 
Ultimately, I appreciate the gentlemen’s intent to provide a governmentwide framework for reverse auctions but I am concerned the language is overly broad and could have the unintended consequences for contracting officers and potentially add costs instead of save the government valuable funding. I look forward to working with Mr. HANNA of New York 
and Ms. M ENG of New York to address their 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a bill, the Racial Profiling Prevention Act, to reestablish a federal grant program for states that desire to develop racial profiling laws, collect and maintain appropriate data, design programs to reduce racial profiling, and train law enforcement officers. We were successful in getting the program included in the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (SAFETEA–LU) in 2005. Although the program was just a small piece of the large SAFETEA–LU bill, nearly half of the states competed and ultimately participated in the program for multiple years. This experience speaks to state desires to deal with their own policing and profiling issues and to the usefulness of the program to states. Racial profiling is a form of racial discrimination that has been thrust back into the forefront of national concern by the tragic deaths of Black men by police and national demonstrations and disturbances, most recently in Baltimore, Maryland. 
funds is a violation of Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, because it amounts to a government subsidy of discrimination. However, while racial profiling remains more widespread in our country than most other forms of discrimination, there is little experience in developing legislation in this sensitive area to address racial profiling while allowing for appropriate law enforcement. My bill would help states to better develop their racial profiling laws and help train law enforcement to avoid these problems. 
simply authorizes a grant program, but does not require states to participate. However, it provides resources that many states and localities clearly need if they are to curb racial profiling. RECOGNIZING AMERICAN MUSIC 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of one of Mississippi’s favorite sons and one of the icons of American music, Riley B. (‘‘B.B.’’) King. Born on a plantation between Indianola and Itta Bena, Mississippi, on September 16, 1925, B.B. King was raised in the Mississippi Delta and went on to become the unquestioned ‘‘King of the Blues.’’ 
his music career in church—singing in the choir of his grandmother’s church in Kilmichael, Mississippi. Eventually, he went on to earn nickels and dimes for playing the guitar in the surrounding area. Mr. King was then introduced to Beale Street in Memphis and the Sonny Boy Williamson’s Radio Show where he received his big break and gained his nickname ‘‘Beale Street Blues Boy’’ which was ultimately shortened to ‘‘B.B.’’ 
would be a legendary touring career. This included a recordsetting 342 appearances in 1956 with his band throughout the country in many venues ranging from those on the so called ‘‘Chit’lin Circuit’’ to symphony concert halls. B.B. King often spent three hundred days out of the year performing on the road— even well into his 80’s. 
had on the road, he was playing a concert hall where a fight broke out, a kerosene lamp was knocked over and a fire was started in the hall. B.B. realized that in the rush, he left his beloved guitar in the hall and ran back in to get it. He later discovered that the fight broke out over a woman named Lucille and he decided to name his guitar after her as a reminder to never do anything that crazy again. To this day, his trademark, black Gibson guitars are called ‘‘Lucille.’’ 
and unique guitar styles in music history. He integrated complex string blends and his left hand vibrato which created an almost vocal sounding guitar sound. This sound can be heard on his many hits including ‘‘Three O’Clock Blues,’’ ‘‘The Thrill Is Gone,’’ and ‘‘Stormy Monday’’ 
countless. He was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. He has received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, Kennedy Center Honors and the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his contribution to American music. Additionally, he has been bestowed honorary doctorates from Tougaloo College, Mississippi Valley State University, Rhodes College, Yale University and Brown University. 
over the world, B.B. King never lost touch with his Mississippi Delta roots and each year returned to his hometown of Indianola to give a concert at the B.B. King Homecoming Blues Festival. His iconic impact on music is a source of great pride for all Mississippians— especially those in the Delta. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in celebrating the life and legacy of B.B. King. His work ethic and talent were immeasurable and his impact on American music is undeniable. He was a great bluesman, a great Mississippian and a great American. The ‘‘King’’ may have died today but his music will live on forever. 
the key to building a workforce prepared to meet the needs and challenges of the 21st century global economy. However, every year more than 1.2 million students drop out of high schools across the United States. 
only reduce their opportunity to learn, but also tend to earn less over the course of their life and are often less prepared to compete in the workforce. Adults who drop out of high school and do not receive their GED earn on average 41 percent less than their counterparts who completed high school. 
rate could provide a significant boost to our economy. A study by researchers at Columbia University estimates that the net economic benefit per student graduating high school is approximately $127,000. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why today I reintroduced my Broadening Opportunities Through Education Act. This legislation provides additional resources to states that raise the age of compulsory school attendance through age 17. These resources are designed to ensure that students at risk of dropping out receive the support they need to reach their fullest potential. These funds would go towards establishing or expanding workbased programs that integrate academic and careerbased skills through career and technical training and apprenticeships; implementing early warning systems to help high schools and middle schools to identify struggling students and implement evidence based interventions; and increasing support systems for students through activities such as student advising and oneto one mentoring. 
As Congress continues to work on strategies to address our deficit and grow our 21st century economy, we cannot forget that our greatest asset is the knowledge base of our workforce. I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor the Broadening Opportunities Through Education Act and help me bring this program to fruition. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Mr. William ‘‘Bill’’ Clemens, 
2015. Bill was born to his loving parents Lewis and Ina Walker on May 5, 1925. He was raised in Southern Illinois where he attended a oneroom schoolhouse, and while attending school he began working in his father’s general merchandise store in Grantsburg, IL as well as his father’s furniture store in Vienna, IL. 
having graduated from Vienna Township High School in 1942, Northwestern University in 1945, and the Harvard Business School’s Mid Officer Certificate program for Navy Supply Corps Officers in 1945. Bill was very kind and hardworking but above all else, he loved his family and they were his most prized possession. For all who knew Bill, one of his proudest achievements in life had been serving as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy. He was stationed as Commissary Officer on Guam, until he was honorably discharged in 1946. Bill later dedicated over 32 years, working for General Electric (GE) in computer systems until finally retiring in 1988. Bill was passionate about cooking, photography, writing, and working with computers. 
(Harkins) Walker in northern Georgia and later the pair welcomed their son Jeffrey and daughter Nancy. After Joyce’s passing, Bill married BettyAnn Walker in 1997. The pair lived in Naples, Florida until his passing this 
year. Bill is preceded in death by his father Lewis; mother Ina; wife Joyce; and his two brothers Newton and James. He leaves behind his wife BettyAnn; son Jeff; daughter Nancy; sister Elizabeth; and seven grandchildren. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to Bill’s entire family. He was a great man whose legacy will continue to live on, and he will be missed. 
today to honor a devoted leader and outstanding public servant, the Honorable Adolph McLendon, who has served as the Mayor of Richland, Georgia since 1974. Under Mayor McLendon’s leadership, Richland has become a prosperous economic hub and the ideal community in which to live. Mayor McLendon will be honored for his service by his staff, friends, supporters, and the citizens of Richland at a celebration on Monday, May 18, 2015 at noon at the Richland Hotel in Richland, Georgia. 
McLendon began devoting his time and talents to public service following his graduation from Soperton High School. He spent 36 years with Seaboard Railroad, and served our country honorably in the United States Army and Air Force National Guard. 
community, he served on the Lower Chattahoochee Area Planning and Development Committee, the Stewart County Water Board, the Board of Richland Banking Company, the Board of the Stewart Webster Hospital, and the Board of the Rural Health Clinic. In 1974, Adolph McLendon was elected 
mayor of Richland, Georgia and during his 33 years of leadership, he has taken great pride in improving and investing in the city of Richland. He has created a businessfriendly setting, effectively generating sales tax revenue, he has championed the preservation of Richland’s historic downtown Victorian storefronts through smart redevelopment, he has advanced ideas and initiatives to build a diverse tax digest, and he has built a political environment where equal opportunity is not a goal, but a reality. 
make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Mayor McLendon has given so much of himself to the city of Richland, Georgia. A man of great integrity, he serves as an inspiration to other public officials in the city and surrounding areas, as well as to those who strive to better their own communities. The residents of Richland are truly blessed to have a leader who genuinely cares for each and every one of them and has their best interests at heart. 
McLendon is an active member of Richland United Methodist Church, where he has served on and chaired the Board of Stewards for many years. He shares his life and accomplishments with his wife of 48 years, Margaret. 
me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in honoring and recognizing Mayor Adolph McLendon on this special occasion for his significant contributions and enduring dedication to the city of Richland and Stewart County, Georgia. 
to recognize Lowell P. Weicker, Jr., former Governor and Senator of Connecticut, on the dedication of the Lowell P. Weicker Building at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland. 
of Connecticut from 1991 to 1995, prior to which he represented Connecticut in the United States Senate from 1971 to 1989. 
his first budget to Congress, he proposed significant cuts to domestic programs, including the NIH and services for the disabled and disadvantaged. ThenSenator Weicker led a band of Republicans to respond to these proposed cuts and worked with Democrats to craft a budget that restored funding for the NIH. 
Chairman of the Labor, Health, and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee. From that post, Senator Weicker defended the NIH from proposed cuts to research on cancer and Alzheimer’s, and he held the first hearings on HIV/AIDS research. In the early 1980s, few Americans understood what the AIDS virus was and how it was transmitted. Many held prejudices against those who were most initially affected by the disease. 
seeing HIV/AIDS as an emerging health crisis. While support for AIDS research was controversial, Senator Weicker stood firm in his support for science and the community, and preserved research from the threat of prejudice. Senator Weicker recognized the need for our government to fight the AIDS epidemic comprehensively, from research to treatment to public education. Senator Weicker implored his colleagues to change their attitudes on AIDS, asking them, ‘‘When in America did we ask how you got sick before coming to your assistance?’’ 
role in securing the first funding for clinical trials on AZT and treatment for 10,000 AIDS infected patients. AZT was a transformative and first in a line of drugs that helped turned the tide in treatment for HIV/AIDS. Weicker’s support laid the groundwork for the approval of AZT as an effective treatment by the FDA in 1987. 
As Chairman of the LaborHealth Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Weicker did more than defend the NIH budget, he helped secure a 56 percent increase, translating into lifesaving research for millions of Americans. Moreover, Senator Weicker led the fight to grow federal funding to combat AIDS from $64 million in 1984 to $925 million in 1988. 
programs for physically and developmentally disabled persons and the poor. Weicker sponsored the Protection and Advocacy for the Mentally Ill Act in 1985 and in 1988 introduced legislation that would become the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
he has continued to champion medical research, launching Research!America in 1989, and serving as President of the Board of Directors of Trust for America’s Health, and as a Director of the National Library of Medicine of the National Institutes of Health since February 2003. 
of Health held a ceremony dedicating the newlyrenovated Lowell P. Weicker Building, where scientists in the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases will conduct the lifesaving research thenSenator Weicker fought so hard to protect. Speakers at the ceremony included Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Research!America President Mary Woolley and former Senator Tom Harkin, a colleague of Senator Weicker who worked with him on a bipartisan basis to secure funding for the NIH. Each speaker highlighted Senator Weicker’s achievements on health policy as a senator, especially with regard to NIH research on HIV/ AIDS. 
It was a fitting tribute at NIH for Lowell 
Weicker, worthy of the champion who fought bravely to protect its buildings and the irreplaceable research conducted inside them. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Governor Weicker on the dedication of the Lowell P. Weicker Building and for his lifelong dedication to disadvantaged Americans. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a multitalented young lady, Miss Quaneshia Baker. Miss Quaneshia Baker, a resident of Rolling Fork, MS, is the eldest of two, raised in a single parent home. 
Delta High School. Quaneshia plans to attend the University of Mississippi and pursue a degree in political science with the dream of becoming an attorney. Quaneshia, an allaround student, excelled in both academics and extracurricular activities. Quaneshia scored a perfect score on the Algebra I and Mathematical MCT exam. She scored in the highest category on the Algebra I, Biology I, English II, and World History state exams. She held the title of Miss South Delta twice, once in middle school and the other in high school for having the highest grade point average in school. 
Quaneshia is a member and officer of various academic and extracurricular activities. She is the President of the class of 2015 and member of the 4H Club, Student Council, Peer Council, Jackson State University’s Teen Drinking Prevention Council and the Mayor’s Youth Council. Quaneshia is a member of the Future Farmers of America (FFA) organization, where she competed in eight different competitions: Parliamentary Procedure, Opening and Closing Ceremony demonstration, Floriculture, Nursery Landscape, and Horticulture. Also, she was the highest scoring silver coin individual on her team while competing in Kentucky at the National FFA competition. 
Miss Baker has volunteered with the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality and the Legacy Village by conducting research and informing the community of environmental safety. Other community activities Quaneshia has been involved in include: landscaping the Vocational complex, mentoring 5th graders, adopting a senior citizen, directing the annual Delta Marathon, serve as tour leader during the Annual Deep Delta Beat Festival, reading to children at Ripley Blackwell head start and South Delta Elementary school and participating in a school supply giveaway. 
Miss Baker strives every day to reach her goals while remembering this quote from Aristotle, which states, ‘‘We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Miss Quaneshia Baker for her hard work, dedication and a strong desire to achieve. 
today to correct the record and express my support of Mr. KING’s amendment to the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. In the midst of the appropriations amendment series for this bill, I was mistaken about which amendment was being considered and accidentally voted against Mr. KING’s Davis 
come up in the past, I have always voted to prohibit the DavisBacon prevailing wage requirements from applying to federally funded projects. 
Last Congress, I voted in favor of Mr. KING’s 
amendment in two different appropriations bills and in the 112th Congress, I voted in favor of eight different DavisBacon prohibition amendments in various appropriations and transportation bills. 
The Depressionera DavisBacon Act is fundamentally flawed, continues to create inefficiencies and inflates the cost of our construction projects. 
I want to make it clear that I am supportive 
of the King Amendment and it was my intention to vote ‘‘aye’’ both then and in the future. 
to commemorate the life of a veteran and member of the Rochester community, Steven Lucyshyn. 
Rochester is a vibrant city with a rich history 
including the members of its community who ranged from activists to philanthropists to technological pioneers, and the businesses that were the frontrunners of their time in their respective fields. The contributions made by Rochesterians inspire their fellow community members on a daily basis. Steven is no exception. Born in 1919, Steven was a hardworking man who carried on the spirit of Rochester in his daytoday life as a husband, father, and friend. 
But he went well beyond that. In the midst 
of World War II, Steven answered the call to serve his country and joined the Armed Forces. On June 12, 1941, Steven enlisted as a Private and proudly served in the Warrant Officers branch of the U.S. Army. Steven displayed this immense bravery while fighting in the Battle of the Bulge. Serving one’s country requires an immense amount of courage and valor that few of us are capable of displaying. It is without hesitation that we honor the life of Steven, his love for his family and the contributions that he made to this country and the Rochester community. 
wife of 66 years, Amelia, who together, raised two children, Michael Lucyshyn and Janice Schillaci; had two grandsons, Samuel J. (Becky) Lucyshyn and Michael J. Schillaci; and four greatgrandchildren, Zoe, Dominic, Mia, and Jessica. As his family and friends mourn his passing, let this record celebrate his life and service to our country. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
during the evening of Thursday, April 30 and on Friday, May 1, 2015, I took medical leave to make an appointment related to my recovery from a surgical procedure and was unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
to the conference report for S. Con. Res. 11), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 192 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 2029, with instructions), 
‘‘YES’’ on rollcall vote No. 214 (on the motion to recommit H.R. 2028, with instructions), 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, this May we celebrate Jewish American History Month, to recognize the social, political, and cultural history of America’s Jewish community. I am pleased to recognize the myriad contributions Jewish Americans make every day to improve our City, State and Nation often in the face of unspeakable discrimination and adversity. America is blessed to have such a vibrant community that impacts so many lives through the spirit of tikkun olam, or repairing the world. 
It is my great honor to represent the Upper 
Manhattan Congressional District and the Bronx, which is home to many distinguished institutions, such as The Jewish Theological Seminary, Yeshiva University, and Touro College, as well as almost thirty active synagogues of all denominations. I am proud that my dearly respected friend, Rabbi Arthur Schneier, who is worldrenowned for his efforts to promote peace and justice, has been recently knighted by Pope Francis and made a member of the Papal Order of St. Sylvester at a ceremony in New York. 
New York based institutional organizations like the Jewish Community Relations Council, Met Council of Jewish Poverty and the American Jewish Committee on a variety of issues. I have led past efforts to assist Jews seeking refuge from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia, and I am proud to have worked with my colleagues in Congress on various bills to fight antiSemitism and racism. Just recently I supported a resolution urging the Administration to combat antiSemitism globally. As a strong supporter of Israel, I will continue to advocate for stability in the Middle East. I congratulate Jewish people everywhere for their contributions to our community and to our country. To them I say Shalom and Kol Tov. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a goal oriented student at Quitman County Middle School. 
2002 to Tawanda Dorrough. She is the granddaughter of Melvin and Virginia Dorrough. Nia is a straight A student who has been on the Superintendent’s List since kindergarten. She is an active member of the Quitman County Middle School’s Student Council. She also 
represented the Language Arts department in her schools coronation as Miss Language Arts for her astounding scores. When Nia was at Quitman County Elementary School, Nia volunteered to help raise money for her school to build a new playground by collecting box tops. Some of Nia’s goals include: helping medical researchers gain funding to find a cure for cancer and other diseases. She aspires to do this by becoming a successful lawyer with her own law firm. Nia is an active member in her community and works as a Junior Secretary for Burrell Chapel M. B. Church. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Nia Dorrough, as a student who is goal oriented and making a difference in her community. 
to congratulate West Kentucky Community and Technical College (WKCTC) on recently being named one of the top three community colleges in America by the Aspen Institute. 
Selected from 1,123 community colleges nationwide, this marks the second time WKCTC has been chosen as FinalistwithDistinction in addition to having been ranked as a top ten finalist every year the Aspen Prize has been awarded since its launch in 2011. 
Prize is the nation’s preeminent recognition of high achievement and performance in America’s community colleges and is awarded every two years. The prize recognizes institutions for outstanding outcomes in four areas: student learning; certificate and degree completion; employment and earnings; and high levels of access and success for minority and lowincome students. 
rates that exceed the national average by eight percent and asserts no gap in graduation rates between minorities and other students— a rare occurrence in most of the nation’s colleges and universities. Working to draw first generation students into college, WKCTC faculty and staff consistently track student learning and completion outcomes and use this data to improve teaching and guidance practices. These efforts have resulted in an increase in student retention and degree completion, and place them among the very best in graduating students who are prepared for meaningful employment and/or success after transferring to a fouryear institution. 
to expand economic growth, from a hightech industrialized training facility for area companies to adding programs in anticipated growth areas, including marine technology, logistics and operations management. 
40 percent of all U.S. undergraduates—7 million students—working toward degrees and certificates. While fewer than half of all community college students graduate nationwide, Aspen Prize finalist institutions demonstrate community colleges can help students achieve 
higher levels of success while in college and after they graduate. 
College, located in Paducah, Kentucky, stands among these leading institutions and I am pleased to see its success once again being acknowledged. 
AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFECTIVE DISCIPLINE OVER MONITORING ACT OF 2015 
in opposition to H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act. 
In the wake of last week’s 2nd Circuit Court 
Decision, I want to commend Chairman GOODLATTE , Ranking Member C ONYERS , Congressman S ENSENBRENNER , and Congressman N ADLER, for crafting legislation that makes meaningful reforms to many NSA surveillance programs—including Section 215 of the Patriot Act—and is a departure from the untenable status quo. However, despite these positive reforms, this bill fails to address Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act, an even more invasive program than Section 215 which allows the government to collect both data and content of Americans without a warrant. 
similarly scaled back many of the surveillance programs the NSA currently has at its disposal. Unfortunately, Section 702 was not one of them. Throughout the process, we were repeatedly assured by Chairman GOODLATTE  
would be a real future effort to address Section 702. At that time, Rep. SENSENBRENNER  
stated, ‘‘Section 702 of FISA has been improperly used to obtain the content of Americans’ private communications without a warrant, which is unconstitutional under the Fourth Amendment and a blatant violation of Americans’ civil liberties.’’ 
Like Rep. SENSENBRENNER , I have also consistently said that Section 702 opened the door to some of the most troublesome surveillance practices that have come to light in recent years. Last year, I strongly supported the effort to fix those aspects of Section 702. Unfortunately, as I indicated last year, last minute changes stripped out provisions that would have ‘‘prevented the NSA from being able to search government databases for foreign communications content of American citizens without a warrant.’’ When those important provisions were removed, Chairman GOODLATTE  
Chairman G OODLATTE and Rep. S ENSEN BRENNER still have not allowed for a full debate 
and vote on this issue. Despite the Chairman’s supposed support to end Section 702, when Congresswoman LOFGREN offered an amendment during markup of the USA Freedom Act to prohibit these warrantless backdoor searches, Chairman GOODLATTE said, ‘‘this is 
a poison pill amendment . . ., there is a time 
and a place for everything.’’ When this bill came before the Rules Committee, Rep. LOFGREN was not even allowed to offer her 
702 is even more disappointing given that there are many important provisions in this bill that provide additional safeguards to protect the privacy and civil liberties of Americans. Specifically, this bill puts significant constraints on the government’s ability to collect data under Section 215. No longer will the NSA be able to collect the phone records of millions of Americans who have no connection to crime or terrorism. Instead, every request made by the NSA for specific call records must be reviewed on a casebycase basis by the FISA court. 
definition of the ‘‘specific selection terms’’ the government can use to access call records. H.R. 2048 requires the ‘‘specific selection term’’ to be an ‘‘individual, account, or personal device.’’ As a result, no longer will the NSA be able to collect phone records in bulk using terms like ‘‘People in Maryland’’ and ‘‘Area Code 301.’’ 
I remain disappointed that the bill does not establish a Citizens Advocate to represent citizens’ privacy interests at the secret FISA Court proceedings. In 2013, Representative JIMJORDAN and I introduced bipartisan legislation to create such a position. The initial draft of last year’s USA Freedom Act included this provision, but this language has since been weakened and only provides for a panel of advisors to be employed at the discretion of the FISC. 
in ACLU v. Clapper, makes clear that Section 215 is illegal and that a clean reauthorization would be a clear violation of the law. So while I appreciate the reforms made in this bill to Section 215, these reforms are modest given the Court’s recent decision. On the other hand, Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act does not sunset until the end of 2017 and there is no clear indication that we will be voting to curtail this program anytime in the near future. I believe that today’s legislation could be our last real opportunity to address this. It is my hope that the companion legislation in the Senate includes these provisions and that I will be able to support a final compromise bill later this year. 
recognize my friend and a true leader of our nation’s seniors, Ms. Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ Perry, who recently passed away. I ask all my colleagues to join me in recognizing her for her work on behalf of all Americans. 
to become a teacher after graduating from UC Berkeley. She first taught at Kit Carson Junior High School, and then became a teacher and counselor at C. K. McClatchy High School, where she influenced many students. One of 
these students was my husband, the late Congressman Robert Matsui. Bob adored Betty and remained close to her when he served on the Sacramento City Council and in Congress. After her teaching career came to a close, Betty emerged a true expert and leader on senior issues, where she and Bob worked closely to ensure Medicare and Social Security were preserved for future generations. Betty was especially known for her work with the Older Women’s League (OWL), an organization whose mission is to improve the status and quality of life for midlife and older women. Within OWL, she served in many positions, including President of its Sacramento and California chapters, Coordinator of Education & Research, and Director of Public Policy. She also served as President of Health Access California. Betty was an unwavering advocate for improved access to quality health care, including universal coverage and improved in home care, as well as fair housing laws and preserving each American’s civil rights. 
three stepchildren and six stepgrandchildren in the process. In addition to her thoughtful advocacy, she was known as an incredibly caring woman and accomplished athlete. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today in paying honor to Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ M. Perry for her extraordinary service and advocacy to those of us in Sacramento and across the nation. Her life and legacy is an inspiration to us all. I ask that we take a moment and extend our utmost respect and condolences to her family. 
the House of Representatives for passing H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. It is critical that Congress has a proper role in reviewing any final deal that may be reached regarding Iran’s nuclear program. Congress must continue to play a role to ensure Iran does not acquire a nuclear weapon. 
skepticism at the current negotiations with Iran and remain skeptical after the release of the recent framework. I have many questions that have yet to be answered and am deeply concerned by Iran’s statements after the framework was released. 
I have been and will continue to be defiant 
final deal and am pleased the Senate passed this legislation last week and the House passed it today. 
No deal is better than a bad deal, and this 
legislation allows for sufficient Congressional oversight while ensuring that we have an opportunity to review the details of any final deal should one be reached. HONORING MARY FORTUNE 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a selfmotivated leader and innovator of the community, Ms. Mary Fortune Williams, MBA, works as an Accountant for the State of Mississippi. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing from Jackson State University and her Master of Business Administration degree from Mississippi College. She also earned a Certificate of Accounting from Mississippi College. 
daughter. After becoming divorced, when her daughter was a toddler, she was determined that her child would not become another negative statistic attributed to single parent households. She strives to instill in her daughter one of the greatest fundamentals of life: Never let negative circumstances define who you are or what you can become. 
daughter’s educational and character development. She works diligently in her church and her community. She is part of the Youth Leadership Team at Greater Fairview Missionary Baptist Church, serves as an Assistant Leader of Girl Scout Troop 5576, serves on the PTSA Board of Murrah High School, and serves on the planning committee for the American Cancer Society’s Relay for Life of Jackson, Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ms. Mary F. Williams for giving back to the community in which she was born and reared. 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an outstanding public servant and courageous leader of the Macon, Georgia community, Sheriff Jerry M. Modena, Sr. Sadly, Sheriff Modena passed away on Wednesday, May 13, 2015. Funeral services to celebrate his life will be held on Monday, May 18, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. at Mabel White Memorial Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia. 
his community as a compassionate leader committed to fighting crime and making Bibb County a safer place to live. Throughout his entire career with the Sheriff’s office, Sheriff Modena gave one hundred percent of his heart to his line of duty. 
Prior to joining the Bibb County Sheriff’s Office, Sheriff Modena served our country honorably as a paratrooper in the United States Army. In 1964, at the age of 23, he joined the Sheriff’s office and remained there for over forty years. In 2001, he was elected Bibb County Sheriff and remained Sheriff for three terms before stepping down in 2012. Even 
heavily involved and concerned for the wellbeing of the community. 
Modena was determinedly committed to the safety and welfare of those he was charged to protect. Described as firm but fair, he not only had a positive impact on each individual he encountered, but he also had a tremendous and everlasting impact upon his community. He is celebrated for creating substations around Bibb County and for championing the cause of the mentally ill in the Bibb County Jail, reserving 200 beds for those with mental health issues in his newly expanded 966person lockup that opened in 2007. 
accomplishments is his invaluable leadership in overseeing the merge of the Sheriff’s Office and the Macon Police Department. He was also regarded as a mentor and guide to many in the Sheriff’s Office. He taught others the importance of transparency in law enforcement, the need to be accessible to the community, and the importance of engaging with the people one serves. 
individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind him distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ Sheriff Modena’s impression on this earth extends beyond himself to the very wellbeing of the Macon community, and for it he will be remembered by the community for time to come. 
with the more than 730,000 people in Georgia’s Second Congressional District, salute Sheriff Jerry M. Modena, Sr. for an outstanding career in law enforcement, his significant contributions to Bibb County, and his lifelong dedication to serving his community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Sheriff Modena’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. INTRODUCTION OF FIBROID 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, during National Women’s Health Week, I rise as the original cosponsor of a resolution recognizing the need for greater uterine fibroid research and the minority disparity rates of African American and Hispanic uterine fibroid patients. I thank Congressman SCOTT for joining me to 
Uterine fibroids are the most prevalent medical condition affecting women, with an estimated 80 percent of women developing an uterine fibroid by age 50. Actual incidence of fibroid tumors is estimated to be 3 times higher in AfricanAmerican women and 2 times higher in Hispanic women compared to Caucasian women. 
cost the United States up to $34.4 billion annually, with an estimated annual lost work cost of up to $17.2 billion through absenteeism and short term disability in women age 25 to 54. 
Those numbers are why I urge my colleagues to join Congressman SCOTT and me 
in seeking more research funding for the millions of women affected by fibroids. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor ClarkWilliams Funeral Home, Inc. of Grenada, Mississippi. 
by James and Paralee Clark. The business was located at 602 Cherry Street in Grenada, MS. As founder, Mr. Clark worked diligently and 
tirelessly to build a successful business until his death in 1958. Mrs. Clark continued to operate the business in the same manner until her death in 2001. 
Clinton and Geraldine Williams. The new owners made many new changes to the funeral home, including its name—now ClarkWilliams Funeral Home, Inc. Other changes included remodeling of the existing building—adding chapel space, updating the prep room, and additional garage space. The insurance debits were computerized and a full line of life insurance was added to give customers more options when planning ahead. 
Geraldine died in July, 2008. Clinton continued to operate the business as sole owner. 
Cunningham and together they saw a need for even more changes to the business. In 2010 more land was purchased between Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard and the funeral home to add a parking lot for the customers. And to meet the needs of their customers even more so, Clinton and Shawan made the business decision to offer monuments as products for purchase. A monument display was added as part of the new parking space. 
Two students have completed their internships at ClarkWilliams Funeral Home. Both became employees as licensed funeral directors and embalmers. 
Today, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Williams continue to own and successfully operate the business from its original location at 602 Cherry Street in Grenada. Offering consoling service, quality merchandise, economical prices, preneeds, and life insurance. ClarkWilliams Funeral Home Inc. serves Grenada County as well as surrounding counties. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing ClarkWilliams Funeral Home for its dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2 p.m., on Monday, May 18, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 43 public bills, H.R. 2347–2389; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 265–269 were introduced.
Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–115); 
H.R. 1335, to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–116); and 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–117).
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H3217, H3234 
Year 2016: The House passed H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year by a recorded vote of 269 ayes to 151 noes, Roll No. 239. Consideration began May 13th.
                           Pages H3219–3236 Rejected the Gallego motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Armed Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 234 noes, Roll No. 238.
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–14 shall be considered as read.
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Hill (No. 90) that requires the U.S. Air Force to conduct a business case analysis on the decision to maintain 10 C–130J aircraft at Keesler AFB. Such analysis shall include consideration of: 1. Any efficiencies or cost savings that would be achieved by transferring the C–130J aircraft to Little Rock Air 
Force base. 2. Effects on the operation of Air Mobility Command. 3. Short term and long term costs of maintaining the aircraft at Keesler AFB Report should be completed and provided to Congress within 60 days of enactment of the bill; Meehan (No. 91) that expresses a sense of Congress about the importance of strong communications systems for the National Guard in the event of a cyber or terrorist attack; Walberg (No. 96) that requires SIGAR to certify they have access to records of the Afghanistan government for the purpose of auditing as a condition for disbursement of funds to Afghanistan; Poe (TX) (No. 99) that adds an assessment of U.S. efforts to stop foreign fighters as a matter to be included 
in the comprehensive strategy to counter Islamic extremism; Lamborn (No. 101) that adds a limitation on militarytomilitary exchanges and contacts with Iran; Walorski (No. 102) that provides transparency and congressional oversight to our deterrence of Iran and force posture in the Middle East; Ellison (No. 103) that states that nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize the use of military force against Iran; Rogers (AL) (No. 104) that expresses a sense of the Congress concerning missile defense cooperation with Japan, and, it would require an update from DOD not later than 30 days after the date of enactment on sale of Aegis Ashore capability to allies, including Japan; Walker (No. 105) that requires that the Secretary of Defense invite military forces of Taiwan to participate in any maritime exercise (RIMPAC) if the Secretary has invited the military forces of People’s Republic of China to participate in such exercise; Kelly (No. 106) that prohibits funds from being used to implement the UN Arms Trade Treaty unless the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law; Cicilline (No. 112) that requires the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense to submit a report within 90 days describing the military capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus; Crowley (No. 113) that supports ongoing defense cooperation between the United States and India; Dingell (No. 114) that expresses the Sense of Congress that the President should exercise his authorities to evacuate U.S. citizens and nationals from Yemen during the ongoing conflict; Engel (No. 115) that requires a report to Congress on the impact of any significant reduction in U.S. troop levels or material in Europe on NATO’s core mission of collective defense before any such reduction takes place; Vela (No. 116) that requires a report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico and the impact on U.S. National Security; Kilmer (No. 117) that requires Congressional notification prior to initiating a furlough and prohibits the transfer of work that would have been conducted by those furloughed to other DOD employees, contractors, or members of the Armed Forces; Nolan (No. 118) that prohibits funding from the Syria and Iraq Train and Equip programs to recipients that the Secretary of Defense has reported as having previously misused provided training and equipment; 
of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–112: Lamborn (No. 107) that adds a requirement for a report on Qatar’s efforts to combat terrorism; Lamborn (No. 108) that expresses a Sense of Congress in support of Jordan; Royce (No. 109) that expresses the sense of Congress that combating Boko Haram is in the national security interest of the 
United States and that the United States should support regional allies in their operations against Boko Haram; requires a report that details the security assistance required and received by regional partners to combat Boko Haram; Schweikert (No. 110) that expresses the sense of Congress that it is a national security priority of the United States to support and cooperate with the Republic of Tunisia by providing assistance to combat the growing terrorist threat from ISIS and other terrorist organizations; Turner (No. 111) that expresses a Sense of Congress on the future of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) and encourages the United States to work with current and aspiring NATO partners to address security threats facing the alliance; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 119) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Secretary submit a plan to Congress on how the Department plans to implement the recommendations of the nuclear enterprise reviews; Quigley (No. 120) that requires the Department of Defense to submit a report to Congress justifying the departments plans to increase the number of new nucleararmed cruise missiles, known as the Long Range Standoff Weapon, to the U.S. arsenal; Rogers (AL) (No. 121) that makes a series of technical corrections to sections 1669 and 1670 concerning US Israeli missile defense cooperation; Castor (FL) (No. 125) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should take into consideration, when prioritizing base housing projects, commuting times for base personnel and land available for development on the base; Loebsack (No. 126) that states that this section would modify section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, to provide the authorities to lease real or personal property contained in such section to the commander of military manufacturing arsenals or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation commander for the purposes of leveraging private investment at military manufacturing arsenals through longterm facility use contracts, property management contracts, leases, or other such agreements; this section does not supersede authorities in section 4544 of title 10, United States Code, and is designed to give the commander of military manufacturing arsenals or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation commander, greater flexibility to utilize unused administrative and warehouse space at military installations; Scalise (No. 127) that authorizes the Secretary of the Army to release the existing terms and conditions on a parcel of property at Camp Villere, Louisiana, enabling the Louisiana Army National Guard to transfer the land to the State of Louisiana in exchange for another parcel of land that has 
Rept. 114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to acknowledge Dr. Afridi’s instrumental role in identifying the hiding place of Osama bin Laden and further state that it is the Sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison (by a recorded vote of 413 ayes to 1 noe with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll 
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to limit funding for implementing the New START treaty (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 182 noes, Roll No. 234);
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that seeks to reverse and prohibit the further listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken as a threatened or endangered species until 2021, thereby allowing the states to implement their voluntary RangeWide Conservation Plan for the Lesser Prairie Chicken’s habitat; delists the American Burying Beetle as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 236);
Rept. 114–112) that was debated on May 14 that sought to require funding for the Navy’s new Ohio class replacement submarines to come from their traditional Navy accounts, instead of the SeaBased Deterrent Fund; transfer funds from the SeaBased Deterrent Fund back into their historic Navy budget lines (by a recorded vote of 43 ayes to 375 noes, Roll No. 235); and
114–112) that was debated on May 14 that sought to strike section 3121, which places limits on funding for dismantlement of nuclear weapons (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 237). 
technical and conforming changes to reflect the actions of the House.
H. Res. 260, the rule providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) was agreed to yesterday, May 14th. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 18th for Morning Hour debate.
CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Representatives Franks (AZ), Pittenger, and Hultgren.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Representatives Aderholt, Pitts, Hultgren, and Burgess.
Quorum Calls—Votes: Seven recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3230, H3230–31, H3231–32, H3232, H3232–33, H3234–35, and H3235. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:20 p.m. 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Current State of Nuclear Waste Management Policy’’. Testimony was heard from Andrew Fitz, Senior Counsel, Office of the Attorney General, State of Washington; Josephine Piccone, Director, Yucca Mountain Directorate, Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and public witnesses. 
Communications and Technology held a hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improving Commission Transparency Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Antitrust Enforcement Agencies’’. Testimony was heard from William J. Baer, Assistant Attorney General, Antitrust Division, Department of Justice; and Edith Ramirez, Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission. 
Health held a markup on H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the definition of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2256, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming Barriers to More Efficient and Effective VA Staffing’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 271, H.R. 627, H.R. 1575, H.R. 1769, and H.R. 2256. Testimony was heard from Thomas Lynch, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2250, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD554 May 15, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond 3 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Brown Amendment No. 1242 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill and Hatch (for Lankford) Amendment No. 1237 (to Amendment No. 1221) to the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E722 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E724 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E718, E723, E728 Farr, Sam, Calif., E717 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E720 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E722 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E719 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E717 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E717 
Israel, Steve, N.Y., E727 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E721 Keating, William R., Mass., E720 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E722 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E727 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E723 Poe, Ted, Tex., E718 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E718, E726 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E721 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E723 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E717 
Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E725 Smith, Adam, Wash., E725 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E718, E719, E721, E723, 
Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E720 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E718, E719, E721, E726 Whitfield, Ed, Ky., E726 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E719 Young, Todd C., Ind., E725 