Muir, a naturalist, author, and environmental philosopher, once said, ‘‘When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.’’ This couldn’t be truer when it comes to the effect climate change is having on the biodiversity of our planet. 
crisis without realizing how interconnected its impacts truly are. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted, assuming that current trends in burning fossil fuel continue, by the year 2100, the surface of the Earth will warm on an average of 6 degrees Celsius. That kind of potential for rapid and lasting climate warming poses a significant challenge for biodiversity conservation. 
that plants and animals can exist are limited by factors such as sunlight, precipitation, and temperature. A polar bear can’t exist in Brazil, just as a lion can’t exist in Antarctica. You won’t find palm trees in Greenland, just like you won’t find pine trees in Argentina. 
So, as climate changes, the abundance and distribution of plants and animals will also change. Climate change alone is expected to threaten approximately onequarter, possibly more, of all species on land with extinction by the year 2050. That means climate change will surpass habitat loss as the biggest threat to life on land. 
eggs earlier in the year, plants bloom earlier, and mammals come out of hibernation sooner. These changes may sound insignificant, but they drastically impact the life cycle of each population and, therefore, any species that rely on it. We are literally altering the timeline of nature. 
The need to protect plant and animals species might not be a top priority for some of my colleagues, but I urge them to consider the other impacts. Twelve plant species provide approximately 75 percent of our total food supply. What is not generally appreciated is that these relatively few species depend on hundreds and thousands of other species for their productivity. 
the food we eat, but insects and birds that pollinate crop flowers and feed on crop pests. For example, more than 80 percent of the 264 crops grown in the European Union depend on insect pollinators. 
decreased ability to produce medicine, as key plants are lost to extinction. And without specific plants, such as grasses and trees that have evolved to resist the spread of wildfires or mitigate the impacts of flooding, we are losing a key shield in protecting 
against natural disasters. These are nature’s defenders, and we are losing them. 
changes are expected to impact regional biodiversity in a variety of direct and indirect ways. The Chicago wilderness, which expands across Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Michigan, will likely experience changes in the timing of natural events, such as blooming, migration, and the onset of hibernation. It could also cause a loss of suitable habitat and a disruption of ecological communities due to different responses to climate change. 
land, plants, and animals. Changes in biodiversity will have significant impacts on our waterways as well. In the Great Lakes, native plant and animal species will differ wildly in their responses to changing stream temperature and hydrology. Wetland plant communities are continually adapting to changing water levels. However, the extreme changes we see as a result of climate changes, such as droughts and flooding, create more unstable environments for species. 
more than save plants and animals. It protects agriculture, medicine, and the overall safety of our communities. 
has fed us, cured us and protected us. Now it is our turn. If we let one piece fail, we are putting the entire system at risk. We need to protect plant and animal species from an everchanging climate if we want to secure a healthy and prosperous future for our children. 
the science and support Federal legislation that acts on climate change and addresses these grave biological threats. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ) for 5 minutes. 
stand on this great floor, a place that we call the people’s House, I look across and there is a plaque of Moses, the great lawgiver. While he may not be staring me in the eye, he stares at every Speaker, who stands where you stand today, directly in the eye. Right above you, there is our national motto that is even above the flag of the United States that says, ‘‘In God we trust.’’ 
the State of Washington in Bremerton School District, they take a different interpretation of that motto. You see, they believe there that you can trust in God as long as you don’t trust too much; that you can be grateful to that God as long as you are not too grateful. 
Last week, they put on administrative leave a young football coach, Coach Joe Kennedy, not because he molested a child, not because he wasn’t 
a winning football coach, not even because he didn’t have good service—because everyone agreed he had exemplary service for the last 8 years—but the reason was simply because he dared to offer a personal, private prayer at the conclusion of a football game thanking God for protecting his players and the players on the other football team. 
is very noble because they say Coach Kennedy can exercise his faith even while on duty as long as no one else can see it. 
School District cites cases, they do like so many antifaith groups do. They cite the cases, but it is just that those cases don’t apply to the facts in this particular situation at all. 
students at a mandatory pregame meeting. He is asking for his freedom to quietly and personally offer prayer and thanks for his team and the safety of his players after the game is over and the players are heading to greet their families and friends in the stands. 
not some kind of coat that I take off when I walk into the Capitol Building to perform my legislative duties. And as a coach, Coach Kennedy’s faith is not something he sheds when he walks onto the field. 
to be sequestered to a private room out of sight and earshot to offer a prayer. It protects the right of an individual to visibly express his or her faith, just like it protects the right of a Muslim teacher to wear her head scarf or a Jewish teacher to wear his yarmulke. 
because I hope all across this country Americans will stand with Coach Kennedy, as we do today, and, in so doing, send a message to the Bremerton School District in the State of Washington that when they trample on even one young football coach’s religious liberties and religious freedom, they trample on the religious freedom and the religious liberty of all of us. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for 5 minutes. 
to celebrate and reflect on the life of a great man, John Cushing Esty, Jr., an education leader, a reformer, a man of intellect, wit, and joy, a devoted family man, and my beloved fatherinlaw of 31 years. 
four boys. He was a ham radio operator and built radios. He learned languages, was a gifted student, a lover of education and words, and he lived a life devoted to excellence in education. He was committed to educational opportunity, although he attended some of 
the most elite private schools in the country. But as a leader of those schools, he pushed them into the modern era. 
War era, he taught flight nurses—hundreds at a time—not, as he said, exactly tough duty. 
I learned about his commitment to equal opportunity for all students from none other than my physician in the 1990s, a man named Marshall Holley, an African American scholarship student in the 1950s, one of three students in his class at Amherst College. He got in trouble for having told off a professor, a professor who he believed to be racist. He risked losing his scholarship when he received a failing grade. 
My fatherinlaw, as a young dean, said: You know, Marshall, you weren’t wrong to tell him off. He was wrong to treat you that way, but you were unwise to tell him off before you got your final grade. I will fix your grade, but you have to be wiser in the future. 
my district, Watertown, Connecticut, in the 1960s—a tumultuous time—John Esty led as an education leader, but he also led in the cause of what at the time was quaintly called coeducation. Much over the objection of many alumni, some of the present students and faculty, he pushed for coeducation, and successfully so. He did it because he knew that educational opportunity and excellence could only happen when opportunities were provided for young women as well as young men. 
alma mater, he successfully fought for that institution to become coeducational over the objection of, among others, his own father. 
As a reformer, as the head of the National Association of Independent Schools, he helped create a program called A Better Chance. That took his commitment to equal opportunity for young men and women of disadvantaged backgrounds to lead to a national effort in scholarship programs around this country. 
Chance scholar is Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts, who credits his time as A Better Chance scholar at Milton Academy having transformed his life from the south side of Chicago to become one of this country’s leaders. Similar scholarships also were adopted in other schools around the country, including one Punahou School in Hawaii, whose scholarship student Barack Obama graduated in 1979. 
excellence in education, but he lived the life as well. Not only did he care about excellent education in private schools, but he fought for it in public schools. He served on the elected board of education in his town of Concord, Massachusetts, and all four of his sons went to public schools. He was a man of merriment and wit 
and joy. He loved learning. We first met in 1978 and bonded over an argument over the correct pronunciation of a word. In classic John Esty style, he went to the dictionary that was in the dining room, and we looked up the word. I happened to be right. I don’t remember the word. He doesn’t, either. But I pronounced it correctly, and he knew that we had bonded for life. 
grandchildren. He told them amazing stories often, getting them so worked up they wouldn’t go to bed, but they loved his story, especially Jimmy Bond, the young James Bond stories, which would have them in delights. 
Katherine Esty, your wife of 60 years, and all four of your sons: my husband, Dan; my brotherinlaw, Paul, and his wife, Vanda; my brotherinlaw, Ben, and his wife, Raquel; my brotherin law, Jed, and his wife, Andrea; the many grandchildren: Sarah, Thomas, Jonathan, Marc, Julie, Victor, Jonah, Maya, Aliya, and Asher. 
music, of stories, of education, and of making a difference with all of us. You lived a full 87 years, a committed servant of this great country, a believer in educational opportunity, and a gift for joy. You will be greatly missed. Thank you, and Godspeed, John Esty. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, recently a Hollywood filmmaker joined protesters and marched in an antipolice rally in New York City. 
He referred to peace officers as murderers. His hateful rhetoric called for violence against law enforcement, saying: ‘‘I have to call a murderer a murderer, and I have to call a murder a murder,’’ adding that he is on the side of the ones who confront and are confronted by police. His comments encourage mischief and crimes against peace officers. 
in response to perceived lawless acts by the police is idiotic. Bad cops, like bad citizens, should face a judge in a court of law. However, communities cannot be burned, looted, or destroyed by cop haters because some police officer allegedly committed a crime. Nor can crimes against police be encouraged, tolerated, or justified because some other officer is accused of doing something improper. Otherwise, there is mob rule. 
dedicated to the fake, the false, and to fiction, made comments 1 week after New York City lost one of its finest. Officer Randolph Holder was gunned down—really, he was assassinated by a ruthless outlaw—and he was recently buried. The filmmaker’s selfrighteous 
only fuels the fire and the war on police. It promotes anarchy, chaos, and lawlessness. 
death of 31 police officers killed in the line of duty this year, 31 officers who gave their life and their blood to protect and serve the rest of us. Cop haters ought to be ashamed. 
for a boycott of the Hollywood filmmaker’s films which, interestingly enough, are riddled with extreme violence, racist remarks, and more hate toward police. 
expects police officers to protect them, but they will be the first to criticize officers for doing their job. 
Officers defend the thin blue line between law and the lawless. Their job is dangerous. Every day peace officers run toward chaos that everyone else is running away from. 
Mr. Speaker, in my past life I was a 
criminal court judge and a prosecutor in Houston, Texas. For 30 years I met peace officers from all over the country. Some of those officers I met were later killed. I know peace officers from New York City, and after we get through the communication barrier— as Churchill said, we are separated by a common language—I have found them generally to be remarkable people who do society’s dirty work. 
constantly on the job, rooting out the evil in New York City, while protecting and serving New Yorkers. They go into the dark dens where crime dwells and arrest those who would do harm to others. They have a thankless job that most people in America would never do. 
This is real life, where situations can turn violent in an instant. There is no fake blood, makeup, or actors. These 
from Hollywood, should be looked at for really what they are. It is a commercial by the Hollywood film crowd to make money off of films that preach hate and violence by pandering to police haters. 
badge or shield or star over their heart. It is symbolic by where it is placed. As a protector from the evils that are committed in our society by protecting the rest of us, they stand between us and those who would do us harm. 
When I was a kid back in Texas, my 
dad and I went to a parade in a small town called Temple. As the parade was going by, my dad noticed that I was looking at a person who was standing on the corner. He wasn’t in the parade. He was just watching what was taking place. It was a local Temple police officer. Back in those days they didn’t really have uniforms. They wore a white shirt, a star, and a cowboy hat, and jeans. 
said: ‘‘If you are ever in trouble, if you ever need help, go to the man or 
woman who wears the badge because they are a cut above the rest of us.’’ 
is still true today. Mr. Speaker, peace officers are a cut above the rest of us. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor all the men and women who have courageously served this country and who continue to sacrifice in order to preserve the values and the freedoms of our great Nation. 
following words as he commemorated Armistice Day, better known to us all as Veterans Day, for the very first time: 
Armistice Day will be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the country’s service and with gratitude for the victory.’’ 
was a day when Americans reflected on the lives which were lost during World War I, ‘‘the war to end all wars.’’ However, then came World War II and America’s engagement in Korea. Congress voted to redesignate November 11 as Veterans Day in honor of all our veterans from all our wars. 
million men and women in Active Duty, many of whom have completed multiple deployments in areas of the world where there is mass chaos, which is foreign to many of our young servicemembers. Unfortunately, these servicemembers bring this chaos home, both physically and mentally. 
from a recent report by the University of Southern California: 
County, nearly a quarter of the veterans with jobs are earning at or below the poverty level. 
veterans were living in shelters, on the streets, or in other places not meant for human population. This is 11 percent of the adult homeless population. According to a number of studies, both male and female veterans are more likely to be homeless than their nonveteran counterparts. 
men and women are brave. They are skilled. They are critical thinkers. They are dedicated. They are loyal. They love their country. So what has gone wrong? We must 
not only commit to figuring out how we are failing these young men and women, but once we do, we have to be held responsible for providing the necessary resources to help them succeed outside of the military. 
commitment at a time of tight budgets and the changing nature of war, and that there is no onesizefitsall solution. In California, for example, there are 1.8 million veterans. We make up 8 percent of the total U.S. veteran population. 
California anticipates receiving an additional 30,000 discharged members of the armed services each year for the next several years. We have to be ready. We have to be ready for those 30,000 veterans coming along and also with the 1.8 million who already exist in California. 
country, so must we serve them. According to the Veterans Administration, there are 22 suicides a day of our veterans. 
causes of that staggering number. We have identified posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury as main triggers for suicide, et cetera, but we have got to do better. 
also be women. Fifteen percent of the 14 million Active Duty forces are currently women. And over 280,000 women have served in Iraq and Afghanistan. We have to do different things for women veterans because it is not the same as the needs of male veterans. 
looked at and we must make appropriate changes to deal with the backlog, expedite disability claims, and to ensure that all veterans receive medical assistance in a timely manner. 
fought hard to achieved for them: education when they return back. We must ensure that military educational benefits do not go to waste. 
Next Wednesday, once again, we celebrate Veterans Day, and I urge my colleagues to work with me to ensure that we can be proud in the services and the help that we give our veterans, just as they have been proud to serve all of us. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, just a little over 100 days ago, the Obama administration completed an agreement with Iran on their nuclear program. I strongly opposed the joint plan of action throughout its consideration in Congress. And indeed, Congress never approved the deal. 
now passed lead me to have any different view of the impact of that deal on the United States of America. And yet the President appears prepared to continue to implement the deal on its terms, at least as he understands it. 
shifted away to other things, it is incumbent upon this body, the United States Congress, to remain vigilant and to ensure that America’s vital national security interests are not damaged beyond repair in the execution of the Iran deal. 
Indeed, in those 100 days, it has become clear that this deal is so badly conceived and America’s position so muddled and the text so poorly drafted that the parties cannot even agree what they executed 100 days ago. 
principal negotiator on behalf of the United States and the P5+1, said on July 23 in front of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, ‘‘We will not violate the JCPOA if we use our authorities to impose sanctions on Iran for terrorism, human rights, missiles, or any other nonnuclear reason.’’ 
Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, in a letter to President Rouhani ostensibly approving the JCPOA, said, ‘‘Throughout the 8year period, any imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext, including repetitive and fabricated pretexts of terrorism and human rights, on the part of any of the countries involved in the negotiation will constitute a violation of the JCPOA.’’ 
Members of Congress and the American people were promised repeatedly that this deal was only about Iran’s nuclear program, and that America’s ability to implement sanctions based on Iran’s continued terrorist activities, ballistic missile ambitions, and other nonnuclear issues would not be impeded. But it now appears that the only man in Iran whose interpretation matters—the Ayatollah Khamenei—believes 100 percent the reverse of that. 
isn’t about where you put a semicolon or a comma. This isn’t a small technical detail. This goes to the very heart of the deal between the P5+1 and the Iranian Republic. 
terms of the agreement as it relates to sanctions seems, on its face, to be an irresolvable conflict on a key issue— and Congress must lead. Congress must stand ready, willing, and unified in combating aggression by a regime who continues to view America as the ‘‘Great Satan,’’ and has been emboldened by this deal. 
has continued to flout U.N. resolutions, kidnapped more Americans, and stepped up its efforts to dominate the region. Here are several examples. 
was announced, Iran’s chief exporter of terrorism, Quds Force Commander Qassem Soleimani, traveled to Moscow, 
in direct violation of a U.N. Security Council resolution. 
in anticipation of sanctions relief, the Iranian regime has significantly increased funding for terrorist groups Lebanese Hezbollah and Hamas, two organizations that have American blood on their hands. There is no doubt that these groups have turned their eyes to the West and to Israel as they seek to grow their deadly and destabilizing force in the Middle East, with no moderation, after they signed to this deal. 
fired a nextgeneration ballistic missile, capable of striking Israel, in another clear violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. 
And in just the last weeks, the regime kidnapped yet another American citizen without justification, Siamak Namazi, who joins Pastor Saeed Abedini, former Marine Amir Hekmati, and Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, in unjust captivity in Iran. There is every reason to believe there will be more. 
American interests in Syria as well. A ground force of over 2,000 Iranian forces continues to fight against American interests in Syria, supporting dictator Bashar alAssad, who our President has said repeatedly must go. 
is the 36th anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis back in 1979. Anyone who had hoped that the Iran deal with the United States would portend a new era of openness between Iran and the United States has been disappointed and jolted beyond all imagination in the past 100 days. 
test our willingness in Congress to defend America’s interest by pushing the limits of the JCPOA, and beyond. Iran also intends to intensify their conflict with the West, imbued with a new legitimacy. It now has $150 billion. 
let the passage of time, the loss of media interest, and the difficulty of the task to prevent us from protecting America’s interest Iran’s aggression— even if we must battle our own President. 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Madam Speaker, as we look forward to celebrating Veterans Day on November 11, let me just thank every man and woman serving in our military and every veteran for your service to our country. You represent and reflect the very best in our country’s values and ideals. 
This month, we also celebrate National Family Caregiver Month. Caregivers play a vital role, providing care and a sense of comfort and peace at 
rise today to specifically speak about individuals who dedicate their livelihood, love, and support to improving our veterans’ quality of life. 
personal care needs and support their daily activities, including mental and physical therapies, managing of finances, transportation, and other essential duties. 
In 2010, Congress passed the Caregivers and Veterans Health Services Act, marking the needed investment in supporting the family caregivers of our veterans by creating the VA Caregiver Support program. This law, while beneficial, limits eligibility of the program to post9/11 veterans only. 
of a veteran based on their period of service, but instead make the program accessible to veterans of all service areas, particularly our elderly veterans and their caregivers who presently do not have the benefit. In an effort to open the program to all veterans, I joined Congresswoman ELIZABETH ESTY 
to introduce the CARE for All Veterans Act, H.R. 2894. 
hall at the Southeastern Veterans’ Center in Spring City, Chester County, where a Vietnam war veteran asked me why his caregiver could not have access to the support provided by the VA Caregiver Support program. 
I want to thank that veteran for raising this issue. On behalf of the estimated 214,000 pre9/11 veterans in Pennsylvania, including 11,000 in my district alone, and veterans all across this country, I introduced the CARE for All Veterans Act with Congresswoman ESTY. This legislation is a meaningful 
step to ensure our veterans receive the quality of care they need in the comfort of their own home from their loved one. 
H.R. 2894 responsibly grows the program to create an equitable system for our Nation’s veterans and provide additional assistance to primary family caregivers of eligible pre9/11 veterans. 
A coalition of veterans groups support the CARE for All Veterans Act, including the American Legion, Military Officers Association of America, Disabled American Veterans, AMVETS, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and VetsFirst. 
I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor this legislation and, when the time comes, support this legislation on the 
House floor. Our focus must obviously be on making sure our veterans receive the care and services need. That means ensuring their loved ones and caregivers have the proper training, support services, travel expenses, health care, and respite care to provide the best inhome care for veterans. All caregivers, no matter the age of the veteran they serve, should have access to the VA Caregiver Support program. 
Veterans Day, we must also take a moment to recognize those who play an instrumental role in the life of a veteran: their caregivers. By passing this bill, we could make a big difference for the veteran and their caregiver. 
bringing this need to my attention, and I call upon my colleagues to join me in this effort in supporting H.R. 2894. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today on behalf of countless Hoosiers who are concerned for our troops. Like many Americans, we are increasingly dismayed by the Obama administration’s incoherent strategy to defeat ISIS and protect American interests around the world. 
in the United States Marine Corps, and now as an elected Representative, I take seriously our responsibility here in Congress to demand war strategies that put American military personnel in a position to successfully complete their missions. This responsibility to our troops—to set them up for victory—has contributed to a new level of frustration felt by many of us over President Obama’s disjointed foreign policy decisions in the Middle East. 
from Congress, and absent any form of public debate, a White House spokesperson announced to the world that President Obama was authorizing the deployment of U.S. special operators directly into the fray in Syria. 
Commander in Chief, it took President Obama 3 full days to appear publicly and discuss his decision to escalate U.S. involvement and put more American boots on the ground. 
On the one hand, I applaud the administration for any attempts to degrade the capabilities of ISIS and stabilize a wartorn Syria. However, it remains unclear what these brave special operators have been asked to accomplish. And, what strategy will enable a few dozen U.S. special operators to decisively drive ISIS from their stronghold in Raqqa? 
valorous special operators personally. I am familiar with their remarkable ability to accomplish seemingly impossible missions, even with the odds stacked against them. But these warriors are not magicians. They are not a magic elixir capable of turning the tide of a 4year, multifaceted civil war. They must be empowered to win. 
mission is to degrade and defeat ISIS. But for that to succeed, he must articulate a broader strategy for the remaining 15 months of his tenure as Commander in Chief. As it currently stands, limited airstrikes and a handful of special forces operators will not sufficiently empower the United States and our partners to initiate change in the region. 
yet another instance of the President dictating U.S. defense policy by popular opinion. This is unfair to our men and women in uniform, their families, and it is unfair to all Americans. 
close of this administration, a coherent, longerterm strategy is developed that empowers the greatest military in the world to protect American interests and to bring stability to a region desperately in need of peace. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) for 5 minutes. 
rise today, as we approach Veterans Day, to honor the brave men and women who have served our country in uniform. 
group of young Iowans in Greenfield, Iowa, belonging to the Junior Optimists Club. They found a truly unique way to pay tribute to our Iowa veterans. 
The Sidey family owned and published the Free Press in Greenfield, Iowa, for over 125 years. The Free Press would publish in their newspaper letters Iowa servicemembers sent home to their families over the years. 
went through the Sideys’ collection of letters from World War II from soldiers. They picked out the ones they found most interesting or compelling and read them aloud at a Flag Day celebration that I was fortunate to attend. 
I want to share one here, and I will 
and future generations, may always remember the very real and human struggles our men and women face as they leave their loved ones and family behind to bravely secure and serve our country with dignity, honor and distinction. 
I would like to read one of these letters, written by Lieutenant Kenneth Eatinger of Adair County, Iowa. 
Dear Little Brother: I hope and trust you will be able to read 
this all by yourself, but if you can’t, mother will read it to you and you will be able to save it and read it yourself at a later date after you have learned to read better. 
Sonny, I know you miss me. I miss you 
too. It is too bad this war could not have been delayed a few more years so that I could have been with you a while longer and do all the things I had planned to do with you. But I suppose we must be brave and put those things off for now. If I could just get home once more to see 
you and all the folks again and have them meet my little wife and baby, I wouldn’t ask for anything more. 
When you are a little older, you will know 
why your brother had to leave home for so long. You know we have a big country and we have big ideals as to how people should live and enjoy the riches of it and how each is born with equal rights to life, freedom, and the pursuit of happiness. 
the world where they do not have these ideals, where a boy cannot grow up to be what he wants to be, with no limits on his opportunity to be a great man such as a great statesman or a businessman, a farmer, a soldier. 
countries who want to change our Nation, its ideals, its form of government and way of life, we must leave our homes and families to fight. 
When it is all over, your brother is going 
to bring his little family home to see you and Mom and Dad and Inez and all the rest. In the meantime, take good care of Mom and Dad and grow up to be a good boy and a good young man. 
Study hard when you are in school. Be a 
good leader in everything good in life. Be a good American, strive to win, but if you must lose, lose like a gentleman, and be a good sport. Don’t be a quitter, either in sports or in your business or profession when you grow up. 
to Mom and follow her advice. Obey her in everything, no matter how you may at times disagree. She knows what is best and will never let you down or lead you away from the right and honorable things of life. 
will have to be Mom and Dad’s protectors when they get older because you will be the only one they have. You must grow up to take my place as well as your own in their life and heart. 
for him to come back from this war, and if it is God’s will that he does not, be the kind of boy and man your brother wants you to be. 
night. Goodbye for now, Little Brother. With love to you and all the family, Your Brother. 
brave man, and they ring as true today as they did over 70 years ago when they were written. They embody the ideals of this great Nation and the ethos of our Armed Forces that have fought, sacrificed, and died for our country so that we can remain free. 
week, when we recognize these men and women on Veterans Day, look them in the eye and say, ‘‘Thank you.’’ For their bravery and sacrifices, they deserve our unwavering gratitude and respect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. 
would say I was moved by the remarks of the gentleman who just spoke, and I know we all join him in his sentiments. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an individual who has made a remarkable impact on higher education in this country and in my State. He has done that for more than a half a century. 
William English ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan retired at the end of the June as chancellor of the University System of Maryland. He served as chancellor for the past 12 years, and, during that time, he oversaw the period of growth, transformation, and achievement, which included the integration of on line technology with course instruction and a 24 percent increase in enrollment. 
higher education, Mr. Speaker, began in his youth, which was spent on or around college campuses in Louisville and Lexington, Kentucky, and Durham, North Carolina. 
accomplished educator and college administrator as well, having written and lectured in history at the University of Kentucky and later served as dean and its president. 
footsteps, luckily for all of us, attending the University of Kentucky, and later pursuing his master’s and doctorate in mathematics from Rutgers University in New Jersey. 
Maryland College Park in 1964, a year after I graduated. He came as an assistant professor of math. After 24 years teaching in the department, and having been elevated to the department chair, and then provost, Dr. Kirwan was selected as the president of the university in 1988. 
Maryland’s flagship campus for a decade, before leaving to become president of The Ohio State University. 
when I say we were very happy when he came back to Maryland. I was a member of the Board of Regents at the time, and I remember participating in a meeting when we were searching for a new chancellor. 
get Brit to come back, what would you think?’’ All of them were extraordinarily enthusiastic. 
So I called his house in Ohio, and his 
wife, Patty, answered, and I asked her if she and Brit would be interested in returning. Patty immediately replied they would both like to be closer to their grandchildren. Luckily, they were living in Maryland. 
I took that as a good sign and, a 
short time later, Brit was back as chancellor of the university system. He managed a network that serves over 165,000 undergraduate and graduate students at 12 universities, two regional higher education centers, and one research center. It is the 12th largest university system in America. Under Dr. Kirwan’s leadership, it has become a national model for excellence in higher education, research, and applied innovation. Dr. Kirwan has been called upon by 
both Democratic and Republican Presidents over the years to advise on issues relating to higher education access and performance. And certainly, he has been asked by United States Senators and Members of this House for his advice and counsel as well. 
his years as an administrator, Mr. Speaker, to the principle that education ought to be accessible to all, and it ought to be seen as a tool to help people enrich their lives for learning, while advancing their careers. Among his major priorities have been making the university campuses more diverse and making attending college more affordable. 
system built partnerships with the private sector and the State and Federal Government in order to further the cause of advanced research and innovation that has practical application for economic growth and national defense. 
to be on hand to inaugurate a new test site in southern Maryland for unmanned aircraft systems, which will help in the development of new aerospace technologies and bring business development and skilled jobs to that region. 
that we need to do more to ensure that everyone who wants to pursue higher education can do so and that our colleges and universities are helping to produce skilled innovators and workers. He knew that the university system was a partner in economic growth in our State and that university and academic institutions were partners in growing the U.S. economy. 
of working closely with Dr. Kirwan for many years, and I have seen, firsthand, his passion for higher education, his respect for faculty and staff, and his love of students. 
participate in a ceremony to rededicate the University of Maryland mathematics building in honor of Dr. Brit Kirwan. That building, in which he taught mathematics, is now named in 
All of us, Mr. Speaker, have witnessed his determination to make the university system of Maryland a source of pride for our State and for our country, and he has done so. 
He has been a man who is deeply devoted to his wife, Patty, a wonderful woman, and their wonderful family and their community. Patty Kirwan is, herself, an extraordinary partner in the success that she and Brit have both achieved. 
is a man of extraordinary intellect, vision, understanding, compassion, character, and principle. He has brought all of these traits to bear in all of the important roles he performed throughout every endeavor in his life. 
On behalf of all of us who live in our 
State but, indeed, on behalf of all the citizens of the United States whom he 
has advantaged in one way or another, I thank Dr. Kirwan for his leadership on behalf of the higher education for our State and for our country. 
Dr. Kirwan has stepped down as chancellor, but, Mr. Speaker, I know he will continue to lend all of his great talents to making higher education ever more effective and his country ever more successful. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, tuberous sclerosis complex, or TSC, is a genetic disease which causes tumors to form in organs throughout the body, impacting the health and abilities of those born with it. 
by this condition, and many more cases remain undiagnosed because of lack of awareness or observable symptoms. For these individuals and their families, the fight against TSC is constant. 
those with TSC show us strength and determination, not only to survive, but to thrive; individuals like Evan Moss from Virginia. 
was diagnosed with TSC and, by age 4, was suffering up to 400 seizures a month because of his condition. But like so many with TSC, Evan’s story is not defined by this impact. Now 11 years old, Evan is an accomplished author and a passionate advocate for those living with TSC. 
Rare Disease Caucus and honorary chair of the Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance, I am focused on shedding light on conditions like TSC and highlighting exceptional individuals like Evan. 
The fight against TSC extends far beyond this Chamber, but each of us can play an important role in understanding and, ultimately, defeating tuberous sclerosis. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) for 5 minutes. 
of the House, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman SHUSTER , chairman 
of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and Ranking Member DEFAZIO, for bringing forth here to 
It is the product of numerous hearings that have been held over the last couple of years, and those hearings were interesting in that, universally, whether we were hearing from the head of the national Chamber of Commerce, or hearing from the head of the AFL– 
the obvious: bridges are falling down, trains are coming off the track. It is tragic and costly in terms of dollars and loss of life. 
Secondly, it was pointed out by everybody that this failure is handicapping our economy—our ability to expand business, to create jobs, and to grow our economy. 
need a longterm surface transportation legislation so that States, communities, and our Federal transportation officials can do the kind of planning that is necessary to build the kind of transportation system that is needed for a strong economy. 
legislation before us here today is the product of what has come to be known as regular order; namely, the process where important legislation for the country is brought before the appropriate committees and the committees and all the members of that committee have an opportunity to offer any ideas, any amendments that they want that they think will improve, in this case, our surface transportation system. 
hundreds of amendments, and that committee, on which I am proud to serve, examined and considered every single one of those amendments. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to remind ourselves here that democracy is a long, arduous, and difficult process, but when you allow the members of a committee who have spent enormous amounts of time getting smart and knowledgeable about the responsibilities of that committee to come together, to offer their ideas, to have them thoroughly examined, and to have them thoroughly debated is how you find common ground. That is how you come together. That is how you build and develop respect for one another, and that is what has happened in the development of this surface transportation bill that we have before us here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the committee, and I congratulate the Congress for recognizing how important and how valuable regular order can be to the process of restoring people’s confidence in the ability of the Congress of the United States to fix things, get things done, and end the gridlock. Thank you, my fellow colleagues. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
to talk about an issue that we don’t talk about nearly enough. Our country’s imperfect criminal justice system is affecting not only the people in my 
spends more than a half trillion dollars on antipoverty programs. The numbers show that these initiatives have not solved the problem. Today there are nearly 50 million Americans living in poverty. Over the last decade, the number of Americans living in our Nation’s most impoverished communities—where at least 40 percent of the families live below the poverty line— has nearly doubled to a historic high of 14 million. 
and jail population has reached an all time high, and the number of people on probation and parole has literally doubled. This is not a coincidence, but the numbers don’t even begin to tell the real story. 
Solving this problem requires meaningful action and change—two things I would argue that Washington does not do so well. But rather than sitting idly by and waiting for Washington to get its act together, I have already begun taking action back home in Illinois’ 10th Congressional District. 
programs that have helped give people the tools that they need to be able to lift themselves out of poverty, brought in national leaders to tour our social service organizations across our district, and learned about the unique ways that these organizations are fighting poverty and working for criminal justice reform on the local level. 
Recently I had the privilege to introduce Bob Woodson to a few of the inspiring local leaders who are working on these issues. The more time that I spend talking with various community leaders, the more painfully obviously the need to implement reforms to this system becomes. 
working to fix some of the problems in our district is FIST. It stands for Former Inmates Striving Together in Waukegan. FIST works with the community to help individuals that are reentering society get what they need to reenter the workforce. It is no secret, Mr. Speaker, that most exconvicts, sadly, end up back in prison after serving jail time. This organization, as well as others, is trying to change that trend by sharing positive stories and offering a judgmentfree zone for individuals to get back up on their feet. 
Far too often, Mr. Speaker, the success stories that these organizations have do not get told, and, in fact, are kept a secret. Bob Woodson said, ‘‘People are motivated to change and improve when they are shown victories that are possible, not injuries to be avoided.’’ 
privilege to meet was Darrell McBride from Waukegan. He took the time to tell us about the journey that he took to get to where he is today, and that story bears repeating. Darrell spent 8 years in prison, which left him with 
limited resources and educational opportunities. He knew that he needed a job and direction after he was released, or the statistics would suggest that he would find himself back in prison. He turned to YouthBuild Lake County, and since graduating from the program, he has earned a construction certificate and, most importantly, has landed a job. 
that we should be encouraging all to begin to promote within our communities. Thousands like Darrell would benefit greatly from criminal justice reform. While I know that this situation cannot simply be fixed in Washington, I certainly hope that we can help. One way in which I am trying to help is by cosponsoring and working for the passage of the Fair Chance Act introduced by my friend from Maryland, Representative ELIJAH CUMMINGS . 
This legislation would ‘‘ban the box’’ for Federal agencies, prohibiting them from asking prospective government employees about their criminal justice histories on job applications. 
criminal history to screen out applicants before they have a chance to look at their qualifications. This policy would enable almost 20 million people to have a second chance and the opportunity to sell themselves to potential employers and make a positive contribution to our country. 
what leads people to end up in prison to begin with. We can do this by implementing positive strategies and innovations such as the use of body cameras for police officers to fight crime and to improve transparency and accountability. 
Put simply, we need to end the era of 
mass incarceration, and this means reforming the mandatory minimum sentencing, among other policies. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope that going forward we can work with groups to promote the success stories to help to empower individuals trying to turn their lives around and to work with local communities to reduce the rate of incarceration. Unfortunately, there is still a long way to go until this problem is solved, but I would like to thank organizations like FIST and YouthBuild for the great work that they are doing in Illinois’ 10th Congressional District. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ) for 5 minutes. 
express my concern over recent events taking place in my home State and around our Nation that tear at the fabric of our country’s First Amendment right to freedom of religion. 
Time and again we have seen instances in which an individual’s right 
subordinated to the sensibilities of individuals who do not share their faith in God. 
when a high school band from Brandon, Mississippi, was forbidden from playing the hymn ‘‘How Great Thou Art’’ at a football game. We saw it in September in Lamar County as a teacher was ridiculed and disciplined for posting a voluntary prayer list in her classroom. 
Coach Kennedy of Bremerton High School in Washington State. Coach Kennedy’s 8year tradition of walking to the 50 yard line after the conclusion of football games to say a quiet prayer was banned last month due to the school district’s concern that his actions could be construed as an endorsement of religion. 
Corps base in Hawaii come under fire for having a road sign read, ‘‘God bless the military, their families, and the citizens who work with them.’’ Wow, even our United States Marines are attacked for exercising their faith. 
freedom have been energized by recent decisions made by the United States Supreme Court as well as lower courts, both of which have placed the cultural views of a small group ahead of the thoughts, feelings, and rights of the vast majority of Americans. 
Federal judiciary has resulted in the systematic rewriting of centuriesold societal norms, and this must end. Time and again our courts have waded into waters which the Constitution specifically vests in the legislative branch. What is at stake here is nothing less than the future of our country’s religious liberties, the religious liberties upon which our very Nation was founded. 
Those who have would have God completely removed from public discourse—be it marriage, health care, or the right of schoolchildren to pray or play religious music during football game halftimes are pleased with the first part of the amendment: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion.’’ However, they conveniently ignore the second part: ‘‘or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ This amendment was enacted by our framers to protect religion from government, not the reverse. 
to keep it together. Singleparent households are at an alltime high. Poverty, incarceration, teenage pregnancy, and drug usage are all around us. When and where prayer is needed the most, it is no longer allowed or is forbidden. How can we try to remove from the public sphere the one thing that holds us together, and that is our religion? 
We can no longer simply leave our religion at the church doors. It is our responsibility to live out our values and 
beliefs in our everyday lives. Edmund Burke said it best: ‘‘The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.’’ 
I support the free expression of religion in all quarters of our society, and I stand with Coach Kennedy, the band from Brandon, the teacher in Lamar County, and every other American who has been stripped of their religious freedoms. I am committed to protecting our right to express our faith without fear of governmental intrusion or retaliation, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Monday, November 9, marks the 77th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the event that would foreshadow the crimes against humanity that the Nazis would commit against 6 million Jews and other religious and ethnic minorities. 
Minister of Propaganda, Joseph Goebbels, regime members, and party loyalists issued orders to local officials to target and attack the Jewish community. Often disguised in plain clothes to perpetuate the false narrative that these were spontaneous attacks and the expression of the public sentiment toward the Jews, the pogroms of Kristallnacht had an immediate and chilling impact. 
streets freely attacking Jews in their houses, destroying their businesses, and forcing them to perform public acts of humiliation. Nearly 300 synagogues were destroyed while Jewish artifacts and archives were confiscated. 
businesses and shops were vandalized and looted; and to add to the disgrace and punishment of having their livelihoods taken from them and destroyed, the Jews were blamed for the events of Kristallnacht, and they were fined for damages—the then equivalent of $400 million. Over 30,000 Jews were arrested and then transferred to some of the Nazi’s most gruesome and notorious concentration camp sites during the events of Kristallnacht. 
night of November 9, 1938, and into the morning the next day. 
beginning. Facing little public backlash, the Nazi regime took the events of Kristallnacht as a signal of support for their cruel treatment of the Jewish community and quickly imposed restrictions against the Jews that would lead up to the Holocaust. 
Mr. Speaker, Kristallnacht is a solemn reminder of what can happen when people allow antiSemitism, incitement, and hatred to carry on unabated. Kristallnacht was the manifestation of fear and scapegoating and was not only allowed to take place, but was the direct result of a people’s indifference to the hatred of a religious minority. And indifference is, indeed, all that is needed for evil to take root, for evil to expand. 
That is precisely why we must commemorate these tragic events that mar our collective past and that mark one of humanity’s darkest periods, and why we must rededicate ourselves to the vow of: ‘‘Never again.’’ 
This is particularly important in today’s environment, as Israel finds itself plagued by a new round of terror and violence that has been spurred upon by incitement and antiIsrael indoctrination from the Palestinian authority and its socalled leaders. 
have been nearly 60 random knife attacks against Israeli citizens, five shootings, and six car rammings. Yet, where is the condemnation from the international community? Instead of speaking out against these attacks, the United Nations Human Rights Council invited Abu Mazen, and he used his platforms to spew out his harmful and inciting rhetoric. Responsible nations must condemn, not ignore, Abu Mazen’s words and his actions. 
that leaders need to lead; and, this week, this body stood up and said enough is enough. 
The House passed a resolution I offered, alongside my south Florida colleague, Congressman TEDDEUTCH , that 
condemned the antiIsrael and antiSemitic attacks from within the Palestinian authority. 
that encouraged our government to do more in the fight against antiSemitism and to work more closely with the governments of Europe to step up their efforts to battle the alarming rise of antiSemitism across the continent. 
And we need to do more at home, especially on our college campuses. Too often, Mr. Speaker, antiSemitism is being disguised as an antiIsrael political attack, manifested primarily through the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, the BDS movement. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
for giving us another day. You brought light from darkness and order from chaos. During ongoing contentious debates, lead our lawmakers, using their daily experiences of joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain, victory and defeat, to strive together for Your glory. May the fruits of their labor redound to the benefit of our Nation. 
As a community of colleagues, possessed of multiple layers of friendships unknown to the public eye, this assembly takes special notice today of the passing of Howard Coble, the much loved and respected Member of 30 years from North Carolina. A gentleman to the core, may we all strive to embody his grace, class, and respect for this institution and for those among whom we engage in the work to be done here. May he rest in peace. 
the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. C HU) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
mourn the loss of Howard Coble, a dedicated public servant and a champion for his constituents in North Carolina’s Sixth District for 30 years. He never backed down from a challenge to do 
what was right for North Carolina and always pushed Washington to work better for those he represented. 
means to be a Southern gentleman, someone who simply exuded kindness, charm, and compassion. He was a man of integrity and principle, a Representative who stood for what is right and who fought on behalf of what makes America great. 
service and devotion to North Carolina will continue to be the standard that current and future leaders follow. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, we depend on immigrant workers to take some of the toughest jobs. They pick our food, clean our 
houses, and wash our cars. As U.S. workers, they deserve to freely exercise their labor rights; yet when immigrants want to organize for fair pay or decent working conditions, they are often silenced by unscrupulous employers who retaliate through harassment, abuse, and threats of immigration enforcement. 
about it, I think of Asuncion Valdivia, who died after 10 hours of grape picking in 105 degree heat. Asuncion did not have the opportunity to report a violation. We cannot allow any voice to be stifled, especially when that voice is speaking out against dangerous or unfair practices. 
POWER Act this week. This bill expands U visa eligibility for victims of retaliation, strengthens labor agencies’ investigative powers, and allows a stay of removal for workers who filed a workplace claim. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to congratulate the Marian High School boys’ soccer team. For the first time in the school’s 51year history, the Knights won a State title. Last weekend, the Knights claimed the Class 1A State boys’ soccer championship with a 3–0 victory. 
Householter his first State championship in 18 years as head coach. He was also named the Northern Indiana Conference Coach of the Year. All season long, Marian competed against the best of the best, finishing with 20 wins and only 2 losses. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you 
today a very proud Hoosier. Marian High School is a great school, and the team, the coach, the teachers, and the entire student body should be proud today. I want to recognize the parents, who sacrifice so much for their kids to play in sports programs. 
something these students will have for a lifetime. On behalf of the people of the Second Congressional District of the State of Indiana, I applaud Coach Householter and the entire team for their determination and hard work. I congratulate them all on an amazing season. 
rise in support of the Federal Transit Administration’s New Starts and Small Starts program, which provides critical grant funding for the creation or extension of existing fixed guideway transit systems. 
Funding for these projects has facilitated the creation of dozens of new or extended public transportation systems in rural, suburban, and urban communities all across this country. 
By creating goodpaying construction jobs and connecting jobseeking commuters with employers, New Starts offers significant benefits to communities that are in need of rail expansion. 
England, we have been working collaboratively with our neighboring States to create a unified vision for our region’s rail networks. 
just a few weeks ago that brought together regional stakeholders and officials from the Federal Railroad Administration, the FTA, and New England States. 
As we continue to work on the highway bill this week, I urge my colleagues to support Congressmen LIPINSKI, NADLER , and D OLD’s amendment, 
which will restore muchneeded local flexibility for New Start projects. 
night on election day in North Carolina, we lost one of our favorite sons, Howard Coble, a man who served in these Halls for three full decades, yet his heart always belonged to the constituents of The Old North State. I am honored to stand with my colleagues today and others in acknowledging our Congressman. 
grace, and it was evident that he genuinely loved the people he represented. Howard taught us many things, but most of all, he demonstrated why statesmanship still matters. In a rhetoricdriven political arena, Howard understood why tone and approach continue to make a difference. 
specifically the madras jacket. No, it didn’t match many times, but he was confident enough in who he was, and evidently the ladies seemed to have no problem with it. 
make noise in this place; he made a difference. It is an honor to follow him. May our Lord comfort his brother Ray and the entire Coble family. 
Medical Partners is one of western New York’s largest physician networks. In recent years, it has evolved from a negotiating entity to a national model for clinical integration. 
In the first year of the Shared Savings Program, Catholic was one of the best performing accountable care organizations in the country, saving Medicare more than $27 million, while delivering quality care. 
CEO, Dennis Horrigan. In a career spanning four decades as a mental health professional, a physician network executive, and a managed care administrator, Dennis has been focused on improving patient experience and outcomes. 
Horrigan for his commitment to using information technology, evidence based medicine, and physician coordination to improve quality care in western New York and throughout the Nation. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, our Nation is recognizing National Apprenticeship Week, which is dedicated to highlighting the critical role of employers in training and educating workers for fulfilling jobs. 
Carolina, MTU America, led by Director of Operations Jens Baumeister, has built a worldclass apprenticeship program, recognized by the Department of Labor, by hiring and training high school students to work at MTU or share their skills with any similar manufacturing company. 
The Savannah River Site has a dynamic apprenticeship program, led by Carol Johnson, president of Savannah River Nuclear Solutions, and Stuart 
MacVean, president of Savannah River Remediation, training students at Aiken Technical College, with President Susan Winsor, for the radiation protection technology program. 
Carolina, led by Director Brad Neese, a program that pairs students in our technical college systems with employers to train the students for wellpaying jobs. 
and the President by his actions must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
to the family and many friends of our beloved former colleague and neighbor, Howard Coble, who passed away last night. We appreciate Uncle Howard. 
first speech, our new Speaker made a commitment to return the U.S. House of Representatives to regular order. What does that mean? Think ‘‘Schoolhouse Rock,’’ an orderly process where bills are introduced, debated in a bipartisan committee process, amendments are allowed, and legislation is actually brought up for a vote. 
more. This Congress, this country would benefit from a more open debate, where voices from both parties are heard, where every Member is empowered to fully be a part of the legislative process, to do the work that they were sent here to do on behalf of the people they work for. 
that have not been brought up in committee, have never seen the light of day on the floor, and I know other Members share that frustration. That needs to end. We need to have a more open process. 
body voted to reauthorize the Export Import Bank. Almost every Democrat and a majority of Republicans came together, and the legislative process worked. 
Mr. Speaker, I do call on you to continue to keep that promise. Keep this an open process. This is what the Framers imagined, and it is what the American people expect. 
week I had the honor of meeting with Garett Long and Jessica Chiartas, two very bright graduate students from UC Davis in northern California who were invited to D.C. to present their work 
and biogeochemistry focuses on understanding the physical, chemical, and biological aspects of our soils, as well as the processes of mass and energy flows that control our agricultural and natural ecosystem functions. 
find that too exciting, but it is exciting for agriculture to advance these technologies and get more and better production and quality of crops out of our lands. 
highlighted was their work in the wine growing region and the data and research collected on how soil impacts our vineyards and the wine that is enjoyed by people all across the world. That is something people can relate to with California wine. 
improve our agricultural industry for the better. I thank them for stopping by and sharing more about the work they are doing as well as their colleagues at UC Davis, and also congratulate the pair on their recent recognition. 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, as we prepare to honor the service of our men and women in uniform this Veterans Day, we must come together to stop one of the most egregious practices that is preying upon them: predator payday loan companies are targeting our veterans at an alarming rate. 
payday advance of $500 that is rolled over five or more times could wind up costing $1,200 or more. As a result, many borrowers are trapped in a cycle of debt when these shortterm loans are not repaid on time, usually within a required 2 to 4 weeks. 
targeted our vulnerable veterans with limited financial options, digging them deeper and deeper into debt. We in Congress must work to cap these interest rates and require all lenders to follow the same standards as our local banks, mortgage companies, and other for profit lenders. 
As a Nation, we have a long way to 
go to make sure that those who have protected and defended our homeland are, themselves, protected and defended when they return home to rebuild their lives. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to thank Mrs. Nell Mahoney for her years of columns in the Chattanooga Times Free Press, my hometown paper. 
years. Her column has covered a wide array of topics but was largely focused on faith and spirituality. Her words touched many in the community, including my wife, Brenda, who eagerly awaited her column every Sunday. 
late husband, Reverend Ralph Mahoney, in 1965 and immediately ingrained herself not only in First Centenary United Methodist Church, but the entire town. 
her community involvement is certainly not. Mrs. Mahoney plans to continue teaching at the church, speaking around the community, and is considering writing a book. She has already written and published 13. 
your time and for touching so many people throughout our community. 
I will close with a line from her favorite song, a classic from ‘‘The Sound of Music’’: So long, farewell. 
home State of Hawaii, invasive species like the coffee berry borer, fruit flies, macadamia nut felted coccid, and others, have cost our local farmers and agriculture industry millions in lost revenue. Across the country, these pests, along with other invasive insects, diseases, and weeds, cause serious and harmful damage to our farmlands, agriculture production, food supply, environment, and public health. 
I have introduced the Areawide Integrated Pest Management Act of 2015 to continue supporting longterm and sustainable solutions to fighting these noxious and invasive species. 
In Hawaii, AIPMs have helped increase the number of commercial farms and have helped local farmers increase their crop diversity, decrease the use of harmful pesticides, and manage the pests in a sustainable and costeffective way. 
ranchers, and land managers all across the country reduce the impact of these harmful invasive species. 
today in solidarity with Washington State High School football coach Joe Kennedy. For 7 years, Coach Kennedy has 
prayed midfield at the conclusion of his team’s games. He didn’t require anybody else to be there or listen. He simply knelt and quietly prayed to thank God for the safety of the kids on his team. 
Last month, the school district ordered him to stop. When he didn’t, Coach Kennedy was placed on administrative leave. Can you believe the school district is trying to argue that you can pray, just as long as nobody sees it? But that is not what the Constitution says. It protects the free exercise of religion. It doesn’t say the public square should be a faithfree zone. 
I hope people of every faith background and no faith at all will stand together in defense of every American’s constitutional right to religious freedom. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the sake of my constituents and the many communities with crumbling roads and bridges around this Nation, I am happy that we finally have a bipartisan transportation bill to work with. 
will modify section 3021 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act. My amendment will examine the ability of seniors and people with disabilities to access public transportation and require the council to report to Congress on their findings with recommendations. 
not have access to public transportation. Those in rural areas and small towns are particularly affected because transportation options are limited. Seniors continue to drive as long as possible because they are unaware or do not believe they have alternative means of transportation. Seniors limit their driving or stop driving altogether because of functional disabilities. 
Lawrence amendment when it comes to the floor. Seniors and people with disabilities need to maintain their independence. 
is a special time to remember that love makes a family. 
Month, people and organizations from across the Nation come together to bring awareness to a cause that has become very important to my family. Two years ago, our family grew from 
five to seven when we adopted our twin girls, Ivy and Lynette. These girls have been such a blessing to our family and have inspired my wife, Christie, and me to get involved with organizations that spread awareness about the importance of adoption. There are no unwanted kids, just unfound families. 
adoption awareness, we need to talk every day about the kids of all ages who need a permanent, loving home. Let’s commit to creating a brighter future for our Nation by ensuring every child has a safe home and a loving family. I believe this is an effort we can all support. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, with Veterans Day 1 week from today, I rise to call attention to an issue affecting military families across the country. 
In 2006, Congress enacted the Military Lending Act to protect servicemembers from predatory lenders, but those same protections are not in place for veterans and their families. As a result, veterans often fall victim to payday lenders who offer unaffordable loans, forcing them even deeper into debt. 
generated threequarters of their revenue from borrowers who took out seven or more loans. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau should use its authority to crack down on the worst abuses in the payday loan market. 
made tremendous sacrifices to keep us safe. The least we can do is protect them from unethical lenders who deliberately trap them in a cycle of debt. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act, which permanently reauthorizes the World Trade Center Health Program and the Victim Compensation Fund. 
September 11, 2001, selfless heroes rushed toward the death and destruction. Many will pay for their heroism for the rest of their lives. Many have already paid with their lives. More than 33,000 Americans have documented illnesses directly related to their work at Ground Zero. 
heroes will rely on the Zadroga Act for medical care not for the next 5 years, as is being proposed, but for the rest of their lives. 
Time doesn’t erase our moral imperative to cover their medical expenses. It is an extension of the costs of the attack. America’s heroes deserve a permanent reauthorization of the Zadroga Act, and nothing less. 
permanently reauthorize this program, which is essential to our deserving heroes. 
been 34 days since the murder of nine men and women at Umpqua Community College in Oregon. It has been 140 days since the murder of nine parishioners at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, South Carolina. It has been 1,055 days since the murder of 20 children and 6 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. 
done nothing to close loopholes in our background check system and make it easier to identify a dangerous individual before they are able to buy a gun. 
United States each year than in any other country, and six of the deadliest shootings in American history have taken place in just the past 8 years. 
have to be this way. Congress has the responsibility to stand up to the powerful special interests and say, ‘‘No more.’’ There is no reason lawmakers in this body should continue to cower before the National Rifle Association. We are the people’s Representatives, and it is time to get to work on commonsense reforms that will save the lives of thousands of Americans and put an end to the epidemic of gun violence in our country. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to honor the life of a Tennessee giant: Senator Fred Thompson. 
Whether Fred Thompson was speaking on the Senate floor, canvassing the State in his red pickup truck, or entertaining us on the big screen, he always did the Volunteer State proud. 
In his lifetime, Fred saw many accomplishments, but he remained the same: a proud product of Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, the son of a car salesman, and the first person in his family to earn a college degree. Fred was a statesman who led with 
conviction. He was a visionary who helped bring Tennessee from a Democratic stronghold to the conservative success story that it is today. He was a loving husband and father. He was a man of faith, who I know has found ultimate healing today from the cancer that gripped his earthly body. 
Fred Thompson’s service. We will miss him deeply, but we know that his legacy lives on. 
beautiful, gentle creatures. How lucky we are that Florida is one of the few places in the world where you can see them. 
recognize the Save the Manatee Club, an international nonprofit which has been working to save endangered manatees since 1981, when it was cosponsored by Jimmy Buffett and my father, Governor Bob Graham. Their commitment to these unique animals has made great strides in protecting them around the world. 
threat to manatees, but we are also their greatest hope. Only our compassion and action can protect them. 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, President Obama issued an executive memorandum that could turn into one of the most farreaching and devastating environmental regulations in history. This document, which holds the same weight as an executive order, aims to expand a 26yearold policy that requires agencies to set a no net loss of wetlands to all natural resources. The economic impact of this regulation would be devastating to the West. 
Why do I live in Utah? I live there because I love it. I love to rock climb. I love to ski. I love the beauty of the place I live. 
resources, but we can’t put human interests at the bottom of the priority pile. This is more than a huge power grab. It is going to devastate the trust that is essential between the President and the American people. 
If the President wants more regulations and further protections on natural resources, such a thing must be done in the people’s Congress by those who are closest to the people. For that reason, I will use every tool at my disposal in order to ensure that this outrageous Presidential decree is not implemented. 
today to honor former Congressman Howard Coble, who passed away last night. 
public servant. He served in the U.S. Coast Guard, the North Carolina State House, and as the Congressman for North Carolina’s Sixth Congressional District for more than 30 years. 
serving, and it was exemplified in the way he ran his office. As a freshman Member of Congress, I looked to him in serving my constituents. He was steadfast, attentive, and always put his constituents first. Some say he offered the best constituent services of any Member. 
Coble welcomed me to Congress the day I was sworn in. He later wished me well on my new journey as a Member. 
family, his friends, and his former colleagues during this difficult time. 
He will be missed but never forgotten. Howard Coble’s legacy will remain in the Greensboro community and throughout North Carolina as a man who served selflessly. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in honor of the 240th birthday of the United States Marine Corps, I would like to offer the official Marine Corps Hymn in tribute to the brave men and women who serve as Marines at home and abroad. 
To the Shores of Tripoli; We fight our country’s battles In the air, on land and sea; First to fight for right and freedom And to keep our honor clean; We are proud to claim the title Of United States Marine. 
From dawn to setting sun; We have fought in ev’ry clime and place Where we could take a gun; In the snow of faroff Northern lands And in sunny tropic scenes; You will find us always on the job— The United States Marines. 
Which we are proud to serve; In many a strife we’ve fought for life And never lost our nerve; 
Ever look on Heaven’s scenes; They will find the streets are guarded By United States Marines.’’ 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, it was a little less than a year ago that a number of us gathered on the House floor to bid farewell to our colleague, Howard Coble, as he retired from 3 decades of service to the people of North Carolina. 
day, from Members on both sides of the aisle, were a striking reflection of the respect and admiration that so many of us felt for Howard. And he returned that affection. He always made the extra effort to get to know those with whom he worked, regardless of their stature or their party affiliation. 
Howard was also an effective legislator, a tireless advocate for the Sixth District. He took on complicated and difficult issues in his leadership roles on the Judiciary and Transportation Committees. 
on a number of bipartisan initiatives, from textile research, to disaster relief, to funding for his beloved Coast Guard. 
often fractious and divisive, Howard’s camaraderie, good humor, and generosity of spirit reflected the best of what this institution can be. 
Lisa and I are saddened by his passing. We join his many friends and former colleagues in extending condolences to his family and expressing gratitude for his life. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to announce the introduction of the Veterans Health and Accountability Act. Yesterday’s Veterans Affairs Committee hearing showed why this bill is so critical. 
An investigation revealed that Veterans Affairs administrators likely gamed the system to enrich themselves at taxpayer expense, creating highpaying vacancies at desirable locations, where they would have less responsibility. 
avoid the truth, and they remain on the job. Meanwhile, Granite State vets are waiting for care. 
My Veterans Health and Accountability Act strengthens the Veterans Choice program, allowing veterans to seek private care due to inadequate VA 
facilities. My home State of New Hampshire does not even have a full service VA. 
who expose negligence and mismanagement. If it were not because of these individuals, we may never have discovered secret waiting lists where thousands of vets probably died waiting for care. 
and firing rules, so bad actors who abuse their positions can be exited promptly. 
We must enforce and expand VA reforms to ensure our military vets receive the care we promised them. We must restore Americans’ trust in government. 
to express my disapproval to the Radewagen amendment to the surface transportation bill, which was ultimately defeated last night, 113–310. 
the Secretary to change the allocation program funds made available to the territories. This amendment would have potentially harmed my district, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam, by possibly taking already minimal funds away from these two territories. 
The funding provided in the transportation bill is yet another example of this Congress’ inability to address the real needs of the U.S. territories, whose economies have not recovered and require additional support. 
empathize with the frustrations of some of my colleagues from the territories, it is the limited funding within this bill which has created an environment where we are literally fighting over scraps. 
The proposed funding in the bill barely provides any increase of the historically low allocation for the territorial highway program. 
and ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO, for not 
supporting the amendment and for recognizing that this is not an amendment that enjoyed the full support of all the four smaller territories. 
Congresswoman BORDALLO , of the territory of Guam, for her efforts and engagement on this very important issue. 
Transportation and Infrastructure leadership and staff and my fellow Delegates from the insular areas and working together on resolving our problems. HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
week we celebrate Veterans Day, a time to honor the men and women who served our country in the military. 
Today, I want to recognize a standout veteran from my district, Daniel Standage. 
Marine Corps, until a neurological condition he suffered from eventually rendered him completely blind. He received a 100 percent serviceconnected disability, but that hasn’t held him back. 
Daniel completed a blind rehabilitation program at the Southern Arizona VA. He enrolled at the University of Arizona and was instrumental in establishing its student veterans center, a place that offers assistance to transitioning student veterans. The center now is a national model for Student Veterans of America. 
for veterans across the country. He credits his education as being the most important factor in helping him overcome his disability, and he now helps countless other veterans earn their degrees. 
all the men and women like Daniel who serve and served our Nation and continue to make a difference today. 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to honor the life and great legacy of San Jacinto Valley’s artist, Stephen Talley, known as Steve, who passed away last week after his battle with cancer at the age of 62. 
his career, creating and selling his artwork. That passion is what led him to pursue and share his artistic vision with the community and the world. 
art at San Jacinto High School, touching the life of every student who sat in his class. He was known internationally for his work, winning more than 100 awards in numerous competitions, many of them in first place. 
way of his commitment to his students and, as a result, he has inspired a new generation of artists to never give up on their dreams. 
friend, and, above all, he was a great man. His memory will never be forgotten. 
thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends, students, and the San Jacinto Valley community. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today I rise to support the Step Forward to Cure TSC 5K Walk taking place at Florida International University’s main campus, my alma mater, on Saturday, November 14. 
is a rare genetic disease with no known cure that causes uncontrolled tumor growth. 
community, Max Lucca, who was diagnosed with TSC when he was only 2 weeks old. Because of the love and care provided by his parents, doctors, and nurses, he has thrived, in spite of constant health challenges. 
Heroes,’’ and Max Lucca is, indeed, a super hero. 
walk to help find a care for TSC, to benefit young super heroes across the country just like Max Lucca. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to recognize Dr. Dan Arvizu for his exceptional work as director of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden, Colorado. 
his legacy of leadership and innovation will endure for many, many years to come. I want to take this moment to say thank you for outstanding stewardship of our Nation’s premier energy efficiency and renewable energy laboratory. 
Arvizu is chairman of the National Science Board, which is the governing board of the National Science Foundation. He will continue his role as chairman of the National Science Board, and he will also become a visiting professor at Stanford University. 
people of the State of Colorado and the United States of America, let me say thank you for a job well done. We wish you all the best on the next steps of your journey. 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 512 and ask 
part A of the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this subsection shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
amendment, as amended, back to the House with a further amendment or amendments, the previous question shall be considered as 
ordered on the question of adoption of such further amendment or amendments without intervening motion. In the case of sundry further amendments reported from the Committee, the question of their adoption shall be put to the House en gros and without division of the question. 
consideration of the Senate amendments in the House to such time as may be designated by the Speaker. 
Senate amendment to the text, as amended, with such further amendment or amendments shall be considered as adopted; 
Senate amendment to the title shall be considered as adopted; and 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 22 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
Armed Services may insert in the Congressional Record not later than November 16, 2015, such material as he may deem explanatory of defense authorization measures for the fiscal year 2016. 
of Texas). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my friend from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I 
yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I find 
myself with a big smile on my face. I usually do when the Reading Clerk sits down. Even if I could dispense with the reading of the rule, I wouldn’t do it. I wouldn’t do it. Even if there were some days where I would be tempted to do it, Mr. Speaker, this wouldn’t be that day because we are down here with rule number two on the transportation bill. 
here yesterday—it was my friend from Massachusetts and I at that time—to bring a rule to consider the first 6year transportation bill this country has had in over a decade. It is a bill that the Transportation and Infrastructure 
not weeks, not months, but years to get it ready. It is a bill that was not pushed by Republicans or pushed by Democrats. It is a bill that was pushed by all of us together to do those kinds of important things that are necessary for infrastructure planning for each and every one of our constituents back home. 
It is a bill that has been moving in 
the Senate, which is a rarity in and of itself. It is a bill that we are moving here in the House. It is a bill that can go to the President’s desk for his signature and make a difference for Americans, make a difference in our economy, and make a difference for our families. 
Infrastructure Committee, Mr. Speaker, and you would think that my pride of authorship and all the good work we did on that committee would have said: Do you know what? We got it right the first time. Let’s just bring that bill to the floor, and let’s get it done because it is important to America. Let’s finish it today. 
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee sitting down here. There might be a little temptation to take our work product and rush it straight to the desk because we did do a pretty good job together. But in their wisdom, Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the chairman of the Rules Committee, the ranking member of the Rules Committee, and our leadership team here in the House said: Do you know what? There are a lot of Members who don’t sit on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. There are a lot of Members who represent some really smart and really talented folks back home in America, but their Representative doesn’t sit on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. We need their ideas in this debate, too. 
Mr. Speaker, and we brought a rule that made more than 20 amendments in order. We were debating that rule for an hour. We hadn’t even finished debating the rule when we brought back more amendments and made another 16 in order, Mr. Speaker. We are back here today because that more than 40 was not enough. We want to make another 81 amendments in order. Mr. Speaker, this is a festival of democracy that is happening in this House today. Everyone’s voice is included. 
Now, I want to be clear. We had over 
300 amendments submitted to the Rules Committee. Here on this floor, sometimes we have a very open process with appropriations bills, Mr. Speaker, where absolutely everyone can offer absolutely any idea at absolutely any time they want to. This process is a little more structured, and I want to stipulate that that is true. We had a lot of duplicative amendments offered, Mr. 
Speaker. This is important work. We didn’t want to waste the body’s time. We culled those duplicative amendments. 
Mr. Speaker, that were not minor changes to the underlying legislation. They were major revisions to public policy that had not had committee hearings and that had not had any public discussions. We culled those as well. 
But over 120 amendments, Mr. Speaker, will now be made in order on a bill, again, that was not the product of days of effort, not a product of weeks of effort, not months, but years of effort of our House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to bring together a product that this body can be proud of—a product, I might add, that Republicans in the past and Democrats in the past have failed to come together and succeed on. 
Speaker, as we offer this rule to consider even more of our colleagues’ ideas. I hope that we will get unanimous support for this rule, Mr. Speaker. With the passage of this rule, we can get into debate, and we can move this bill one step closer to the President’s desk, and we can move one step closer to making a difference for those families back home. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, we will get to what is in 
the bill in a minute. With regards to process, as an example of a Member of this body, I had a number of issues in the transportation area I wanted to address in my district. Most notably, I wanted to address the sound levels of train horns in our busy downtown areas, like Fort Collins and Longmont. It is one of the biggest issues I hear about from our local downtown businesses; and, of course, to anybody who, including myself, has been downtown with the train blaring by in close proximity, it really is a major detriment to the quality of life, and there is no significant evidence that I have seen or that has been presented to me that this in any way improves safety. So I did offer an amendment that would have changed that. Unfortunately, it was blocked in Rules Committee. 
a discussion with the chair and the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I hope to work with him in other ways. But to say that somehow this is an open process, that I can bring forth and other Members can bring forth amendments to improve the bill—of course, there were a few allowed. Out of 302, there were 126 allowed. That means there are more disappointed Members that had ideas than there are satisfied Members that are at least going to have the opportunity to bring their idea forward. Again, it is 126. It is better than 50, 
and it is better than 30, there is no question. But it also means there are an awful lot of Republicans and Democrats, including my colleague from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) with whom I 
sponsored—he as the Republican; I as the lead Democrat—a bipartisan amendment that would have dealt with train stoppages. We are dealing with this also in Fort Collins, where we have 
trains that do switching and delay traffic sometimes for 15, 30, and 45 minutes. We are simply saying that you can’t do that in an urban zone; that delays traffic. It can impede ambulances and fire engines from reaching their destinations. It is dangerous. We simply proposed an amendment to impose a civil penalty of $10,000 around that to deter that kind of action. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, that amendment was blocked under this very rule that we are talking about here. 
that is very important in my district for highway 70 designation that is allowed under this rule, and I am happy that it is. Keep in mind, in perspective, there are many more ideas—good, bad, and other—that Republicans and Democrats had on both sides of the aisle that they weren’t even allowed to talk about and aren’t even allowed to talk about under this rule, this restrictive rule, that we have before us today. 
something and that the Rules Committee allowed me to do something about excess train noise in our downtown areas. I wish that the Rules Committee had allowed Mr. DUFFY , me, and 
the many others that this affects to do something about train stoppages closing traffic and endangering the public in our downtown areas. But it was not 
reauthorization is also a bit of a misnomer. The bill only makes funding available for 2 to 3 years. So this is not, in fact, a 6year bill. It is a 2 to 3 year bill. It is being touted for something that it doesn’t have the power to do. Simply calling it a 6year bill when you are only funding it for 2 to 3 years doesn’t make it so. 
fragile. Americans are concerned about maintaining and growing their quality of life. Affordable housing, quality education, and retirement are sometimes out of the grasp of too many Americans. Critical infrastructure on public roads and bridges is absolutely important for driving our economy forward. 
recognizing and offering innovative solutions to these problems. We are each selected by constituencies that have particular items that impact them. I was sent here to work on train noise, as an example, and train stoppages that delay traffic, the designation of highway 70, which we hope to be able to include in the final bill, and many other transportation issues, some of which are reflected in the bill. 
on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working diligently in trying to bring up a long term, robustly funded, and thoughtful bill. 
exclusionary bill. Again, you can certainly say there could be improvement to have more amendments than prior bills have allowed, but there are many more good ideas that Republicans and Democrats have offered that are not allowed to be debated under this rule. 
I commend the process and its inclusion of critical provisions regarding the ExportImport Bank. This is important to many companies in my district to ensure that U.S. businesses are competing on a level playing field. As an example, Fiberlok, located in my district in Fort Collins, is a specialty printing company. It provides heat transfer graphics. It is family owned, and about 40 percent of its business is export business. 
Measurement Technologies, which was named ExportImport Bank’s Small Business Exporter of the Year for its work in cloud and aerosol measurements. 
commendable transportationrelated provisions. For instance, it provides $325 billion in Federal contract authority and allows for the direct deposit of any additional revenues Congress is able to come up with. It invests in all modes of surface transportation, highway, transit, and maintaining funding for alternatives like biking and walking that should be commended. It creates a $4.5billion competitive grant program allowing States to compete for geographically expansive projects that impact and can now be financed by multiple States and regions. 
6year authorization. From the Infrastructure 2.0 Act I recently introduced, along with my colleague Mr. DELANEY , 
to the President’s GROW AMERICA Act, to Mr. DEFAZIO’s and Representative B LUMENAUER ’s initiatives to re 
index the gas tax, many of us have been in the forefront of offering avenues for full funding of this bill. Yet, unfortunately, time and time again, whether it is the repatriation concept or whether it is a reindexation of the gas tax concept, all of the very reasonable offers and ideas that we have put forward have been repeatedly and inexplicably rejected, and we have seen a failure from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to bring forward ways to actually pay for what they claim is a 6year bill. 
Look, a longterm, sustainable, funded bill is what we want. If that is the bill we get, Mr. Speaker, I will personally whip that bill. But this is not that bill. This bill fails to make the commitment needed to our Nation’s crumbling transportation and infrastructure, and it sets the precedent of authorizing investments without paying for them, which has been the whole difficult part of putting a bill together, which this bill just kicks the can down the road on. 
and the path that we are taking to pretend that a bill is 6 years when we only pay for it for 2 to 3 years. 
1⁄2years ago, I had this idea that because I had really good ideas and had the backing of 700,000 folks back home in the district who also had really good ideas that we were going to be able to come up here and share our good ideas; 435 of my colleagues were going to recognize the wisdom that I brought from the great State of Georgia, and we were just going to be able to make those things happen. 
It has been harder than I had anticipated, Mr. Speaker; I will confess that to you. It has been harder than I had anticipated. It turns out there are some folks in other parts of the country who have some different ideas. 
My friend from Colorado is absolutely right. He offered two amendments yesterday, and he only got one of them made in order. That has happened to me, too. That has happened to me, too. 
are going to define as success in this place. Are we going to define getting half of everything you want as failure, or are we going to define getting half of everything you want as a huge step in the right direction that we can celebrate together? 
institution, Mr. Speaker, that are worked through in the bipartisan, collaborative way that this one has happened. It is not easy. It is tremendously difficult—tremendously difficult. Why? Because we have legitimate disagreements about public policy—legitimate disagreements about public policy. 
friend’s pessimism about 3year funding instead of 6year funding. I want 6 year funding, too. I have wanted it from day one, and I am prepared to vote for it today. I haven’t found quite as much enthusiasm for that around not just this floor, but the floor right down the hall in the United States Senate. We are going to have to sort that out. 
I tell you, with no small bit of optimism, that I think we are going to find that 6year funding before we see a conference report back on this floor. I believe it. We need it. We have serious people working at it, and we have the ability to make it so. 
by any measure—certainty of funding, certainty of authorization, bipartisanship, nonpartisanship, amendments made in order, length of time of the authorization, length of time of the funding, by any measure—this is the best transportation bill and the best transportation rule that have come to this 
floor in more than a decade—more than a decade. 
our toys and go home claiming victory over all that ails America. That is not where we are today. I want us to take credit for making a small step in the right direction together, a step that so many of our colleagues before us have failed to succeed at together, and engage in what is sure to be not another hour or 2 or 3 or 4, but dozens of hours to continue to improve this work product of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
us, Mr. Speaker. We can spend our time grousing about what we didn’t get, or we can spend our time celebrating what we did get, put this bill on the President’s desk, create certainty for America, and then come right back together the day after and begin to make improvements once again. That is the way this institution has always worked when it has worked at its finest, Mr. 
Speaker, and that is the way I expect this institution to work today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of what the gentleman from Georgia just said, I do appreciate the fact that we are debating many policy amendments. That is the way the process should work, both sides of the aisle contribute. That is great. Some were excluded that I think should have been included. I don’t know why they weren’t allowed. I was willing to stay here later last night and stay later tonight so everybody who wanted an amendment could have a chance. 
omission by the Rules Committee is of not allowing any attempt by this House to fund the bill. That is pretty extraordinary. Actually, we probably don’t even have 3 years of pretend funding in the bill because some of those offsets were spent last week in the big budget deal, so I don’t know what we have left. But it sure as heck isn’t anywhere near 6 years of funding; and it is not 6 years of funding at a more robust level, which is necessary. 
years, at the end of 6 years, our infrastructure will be more deteriorated than it is today. It is deteriorating more quickly than we are investing. That is a problem. 
We haven’t raised the Federal gas tax since 1993. That is a user fee, a user fee created by President Dwight David Eisenhower, raised again by Ronald Reagan, and then finally by Bill Clinton the last time it was increased. A bipartisan idea: user fee. Fund infrastructure for transportation with a user fee. 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports an increase in the user fee. The American Trucking Association supports an increase in the user fee. We 
groups out there representing consumers and commercial users of the system to do something, vote on something. 
I offered a really simple little amendment. Let’s just index the existing gas tax so we don’t lose more ground. If we did that, gas would go up 1.7 cents a gallon next year. I think consumers would be outraged. No, they wouldn’t be outraged. They would be pleased we started filling in the potholes and doing away with the detours around the bridges that are closed. 
you could borrow money against the future income following the budget rules of PAYGO. We could borrow $100 billion and fill in the huge hole in this bill and then use some of those so called payfors to increase spending under this bill. 
myself such time as I may consume to say that I can identify with the gentleman from Oregon’s frustration. 
gentleman who does not have any power over the process. He is the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. But the rules of the House prevent the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee from funding transportation. It is an incredibly powerless space to be in. 
Infrastructure Committee is to come up with good transportation policy. You just can’t pull any of the levers that fund it. That is the frustration you hear from my friend from Oregon, and I don’t discount that in the least. 
suggestion that what is happening today is in any way unprecedented. My friend from Oregon first began serving in this House when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States, and not one Ways and Means major funding bill has come to this House floor under an open rule in any day of the gentleman’s service—not one. Not one Ways and Means bill funding this government has come to the House floor under an open rule. Not under Republicans, not under Democrats, not ever—not ever. 
don’t need to get into arcane budget policy. But what I do need to say is we have an opportunity in conference to solve this problem. We are grappling with openness in this institution. I am excited about it, Mr. Speaker. A lot of folks say, oh, we can’t have openness on the floor because we will have to take tough votes. I say, if you don’t want to take tough votes, don’t run for Congress. 
We have a serious challenge, however, in whether or not we allow a committee, like the Ways and Means Committee, whose sole purpose, whose sole jurisdiction, covers tax matters—no one else covers tax matters other than 
the Ways and Means Committee. Do we allow them to grapple with funding issues, or do we bring an amendment to the floor, debate it for 9
change Federal tax policy together? We can do that. 
transportation policy in a 9minute stint. I am glad we worked on it, again, not for days, not for weeks, not for months, but for years, together, to get 
any measure—by any measure. This is the best transportation process and the best transportation rule that this body has seen in a decade. We can choose to recognize that and improve upon it, or we can choose to continue the selfflagellation that seems to constitute government today. I don’t understand it. I am very proud to be in this body. I am very proud to work with each one of you, and I am very proud of the work that we have done together. 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic 
to that assertion. There is no party with whom I have served over the last 35 years that has been any more into selfflagellation of the United States Government, the American Government, than his party. I will say with all due respect. 
Mr. HOYER. No. Mr. WOODALL. The gentleman is not 
talking about me. The gentleman is talking about my party. 
I disagree with the gentleman’s basic premise. He talks about the rule. The rule is not the issue. I am against this rule. Its substance, that is what the gentleman from Oregon was talking about. He was talking about investing and making America grow, creating jobs. That is what we ought to be debating, not some rule for you to have a lot of amendments. You can have a zillion amendments. If they are all awful, it won’t be a good rule. 
I rise in opposition to this rule. I rise 
in opposition because it would make in order several amendments that undermine the will of a majority of both parties in this House, that the ExportImport Bank should be reopened immediately. 
I said for a year and a half the majority of this House was for it; and for a year and a half, it was bottled up by a committee chairman in a closed process. 
extension of the ExportImport Bank’s charter authority and let it shut down 
in July, hundreds of American jobs have been shipped overseas, and exporters and their workers have been unable to compete on a level playing field in foreign markets. 
Last month, in a historic effort, virtually all Democrats and a majority of Republicans came together to end the gridlock and take steps to allow the House to work its will and hold a vote on reopening the ExportImport Bank. This rule seeks to reverse that process. 
Speaker, 127 Republicans finally got the opportunity to work their will—a majority of their Conference—and joined with every Democrat, save one, to reopen the Bank and create jobs in our country. 
The will of this House is clear, unequivocal. The best way to reopen the Bank is by keeping, unchanged, in this highway bill the HeitkampKirk language, a bipartisan amendment from the Senate that 313 Members, otherwise known as 75 percent of this body, voted for last week on this floor. The amendments that this rule would make in order are, in effect, a lastditch attempt by the Bank’s opponents to undo the will of the majority of this House. 
rule; and should it be adopted, as is likely the case, I urge every one of my colleagues who voted to reopen the ExportImport Bank last week to stand together in defeating every single amendment offered on the ExportImport Bank so we can stand together to defeat all of the amendments that are offered on the ExportImport Bank. 
Mr. HOYER. It is a Senate bill and a 
House bill that are exactly the same. If they had been passed alone, they would be on the President’s desk right now. 
Once again, we need to help American exporters; but more importantly than that, we need to help American workers get and keep jobs. We talk a lot about it. This is an opportunity to do it. Defeat any and every amendment, no matter how sugary it may sound, to defeat the ExportImport Bank. 
I don’t fault my friend from Maryland for not yielding. He had very limited time. I remember the days of the magic minute. Those were better yielding days. 
was the majority leader of this institution, this House did a lot of big things—a lot of big things. But what they couldn’t do—what they couldn’t do—was a bill like the one that Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Chairman 
We can cast this dye and call it anything we want to; but the fact of the matter is it is a success, and it is one that we have done together. I don’t know where partisanship comes into this process, and it will be a shame if it comes in today because it sure hasn’t been in in the previous days, weeks, months, and years that we have been working on this process. 
Mr. Speaker, and I serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Where better for a fellow with great ideas on transportation to work than on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
I said, Mr. Chairman, I bring the wisdom of the Seventh District of Georgia. I have crafted it all here in legislative language for you. Let me just go ahead and give it to you so you can include it in the base text. 
He said, ROB, we are doing this in a 
collaborative manner. If your ideas are that good, you are going to find some folks on the other side of the aisle who believe in your ideas, too. You bring me back those ideas. Together, we will get it done. 
did. My ideas were that good. Thank you very much. I did go out and find some collegiality on the other side of the aisle, and we did include those ideas in the base text. That is what this product is. 
legislation, Mr. Speaker, as the divisions are too great; but the minority whip was right—this is about jobs. There is not a local mayor in the country who doesn’t know that, as one’s transportation infrastructure and education infrastructure goes, so goes one’s community. 
piece. Today, we are going to solve the transportation piece. Not once in more than a decade has a bill come to the floor of this House with the kind of commitment to transportation and infrastructure that this bill has today. My hope is, somewhere in these 81 amendments this rule makes in order, we will be able to improve upon that bill. If nothing else, if we can’t improve upon it, at least we can find out where the will of the House is by defeating those amendments. 
to be a part of. This is the way I imagined the House to work. I am very proud to be here today, and I hope my colleagues will take some of that pride as well. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a member of 
proud to join my Ways and Means Committee colleague, my counterpart—Mr. RENACCI of Ohio—along with several 
other Members, in submitting to the Rules Committee a modified version of our bipartisan bill to provide long term, sustainable funding for our highways and bridges, which this bill does not do. 
next 3 paidfor years to set up a task force to devise a plan to fund the remaining years of the bill. Continuity can ensure that construction projects and the jobs they provide don’t come to a grinding halt when Congress fails to act. 
The fact that our bipartisan amendment to save the highway trust fund was shut out from floor consideration but that the devolution crowd gets a vote on their plan to dismantle the fund speaks volumes about how this leadership views the concept of an open process and regular order, to say nothing of the place for compromise and bipartisan solutions. 
colleagues who is cosponsoring our plan. We have support from a broad coalition of business, labor, construction, engineering, and transit advocates. 
Let’s be frank. Be it under Democratic or Republican control, this body has been loath to make the tough decisions needed on the issue of transportation funding. It is a disgrace that our bipartisan team was not given the chance to put the trust back into the trust fund. 
I urge my colleagues to send a message by opposing this bill. 
friend; but I would say that, if there is disappointment in this institution, it is that the Ways and Means Committee, with the sole jurisdiction over funding transportation, has failed under both Republican and Democratic leadership to provide longterm transportation funding. The gentleman serves on that committee. I don’t. I welcome his support on the steering committee if I try to make that move. 
that transportation funding, and the gentleman made a passionate pitch in the Rules Committee last night about the importance of keeping the user fee dynamic at play here. 
the transportation bill was pushed by folks back home, not because they needed transportation certainty, as they so desperately need today, but because the local jurisdiction was only getting back about 80 cents out of every gas tax dollar they were sending in. They wanted to push that number up to 81 or to 82. It brought us all together around pushing a bill. 
courage in the United States Congress—I was not in this institution at that time—to actually fund what it was that we had paid for, we began taking money out of general revenues and just stuffing it in the transportation trust fund. Now, if you are a road 
builder, if you are in the business of getting people to work, if you are in the business of getting families out of traffic, if you are in the business of making America’s economy grow, you thought that was a trade worth making. You had no idea that, now that every State is getting back more than a dollar for every dollar of taxes they send in, it is really hard to get people back to the table to fix the problem that the gentleman is speaking of. 
between trying to solve a problem and trying to preserve our user fee system. I don’t know where the division in the road is going to go. If we fail to maintain the user fee system when we find the additional year 4, year 5, and year 6 of transportation funding, we may never get it back. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent a very conservative area in the great State of Georgia. We don’t much care for taxes of any kind. We don’t mind taking care of one another, but we feel like we do it better ourselves than do folks from far, far away. My local jurisdiction rejected Federal gas taxes. It rejected State gas taxes. It passed for themselves a $200 million bonding initiative to build roads locally because they believed they would get it done. Users are paying for those roads. 
country, I would posit, who is unwilling to pay for what it is that he uses. It is our job to go sell that to folks— that, if you use it, you need to pay for it—and there is no shame in that. It is a constitutional responsibility that we have in this body, and it is one we ought to be proud to stand up and support. 
the other side of the aisle that we are going to have some EPA discussions in this legislation. My folks back home don’t believe that, if they send a dollar to Washington, they are going to get a dollar’s worth of roads back in return. They don’t. They believe 10 percent is going to come off here and 10 percent is going to come off there. It is going to be wasted on regulatory compliance here, and it is going to be wasted on silly Federal mandates there; and they are going to get 50 cents of road for a dollar’s worth of taxes. I don’t think they are all wrong about that, Mr. Speaker. I think there is a lot of wisdom in that suspicion. 
member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in the Rules Committee, who was making that very point, which is that this bill is working to restore that trust. 
I say to my friends on the other side 
of the aisle, who worry about funding as I worry about funding, if we restore that trust, we will have access to the funding. 
This bill takes a major step in that direction. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a member of the 
suggests that this is very complex and difficult and that we have wrapped ourselves around the axle, and we can’t do this in the Rules Committee or in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
That is hogwash. I wish that the Ways and Means Committee would have accepted the legislation that I have had for the last 5 years that is supported by the Chamber and the truckers and AAA and bicyclists and engineers—but, no, they have not done it. We could have an opportunity with this bill. There are a number of my colleagues who have proposals for finance, but they wouldn’t even make in order a study, for heaven’s sakes. 
including Georgia, have raised the gas tax. They have followed the admonition of President Ronald Reagan in 1982, who called on Congress to come back after Thanksgiving recess and raise the gas tax. 
testified, but I submitted a list of 18 organizations that support raising the gas tax, and we are not even allowed an opportunity to debate it on the floor. That is why we can’t do as good a job as we want with this transportation bill. 
shell with 3 years of, sort of, payfors— I like this—requiring the Federal Reserve dividend, which is opposed by most of my Republican friends. There are 150 people who signed a letter, saying that it is really stupid to sell the strategic oil reserve at twice what the current price is and—one of my favorites—having bill collectors hound poor people for their taxes. The last two times we tried it, it lost money. 
This is a fraud. I urge rejection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
it is called the powerful House Rules Committee for a reason—I am thrilled to see the parade of my Ways and Means colleagues on the House floor, who are saying that what Ways and Means doesn’t get done we should be doing in the Rules Committee instead. I am excited about that as, I am sure, my friend from Colorado is as well. Together, we can do a lot of good tax policy. 
haven’t been able to bring it to the floor yet. With the endorsement now of two of my Ways and Means’ friends that we ought to be able to make these amendments in order on major funding legislation and bring them to the floor, I am looking forward to trying to get 
that delegation letter going. I don’t have any Democrats on the bill right now, but I would welcome anybody. It is H.R. 25, the fundamental tax reform bill. I would love to bring that to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, we are talking as if it is 
over right now, as if there is no more debate left to have. That is what is nonsense. We are going to continue improving this bill throughout the afternoon and into the night and into tomorrow. We are going to take this bill to conference and improve it still. 
I have said it once, but I will say it 
again: the opportunity for 6 years of funding is still there. 
squad inward. This is the time to stand shoulder to shoulder and get out there and do this together. We believe in that, Mr. Speaker. We couldn’t reach agreement with the Senate last year because they wanted 3 years of funding, and we wanted 6. We were dreaming the big dreams, not as Republicans and Democrats, but as the U.S. House of Representatives—as the people’s House. Those days are still upon us. We have an environment in which to win. I hope we will seize it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), a member of the 
Ms. TITUS. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, when the new Speaker 
took the gavel last week, he promised us that the House would run differently in that Members on both sides of the aisle would get a chance to bring forth amendments and that the House would debate the merits of those. 
as the chairman said, I worked across the aisle and brought a bipartisan amendment with my friend, Mr. DAVIS 
from Illinois. It made a small change about the local use of transportation dollars. Despite overwhelming support, we were denied the opportunity to bring that amendment to the floor. 
backroom here in the Capitol, the majority decided that the will of the people simply didn’t have to be heard on this important transportation issue; yet they have allowed 10 amendments to be heard on the ExportImport Bank, which have nothing to do with transportation, and the issue of which was resolved a week ago. 
change, the more they stay the same. So, despite all the fancy rhetoric you are hearing, I would urge you to remember that and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. 
here, we are going to have to work through it together, and it is not going 
to be easy. For the folks who think it is going to be easy, I would go ahead and turn your voting card in now and let somebody else come up here and do the work. It is not going to be easy. It is going to be hard. 
about her amendment that the Rules Committee didn’t consider. She is absolutely right. That said, she offered the amendment in committee and withdrew it before we had a chance to vote on it. 
Transportation Committee and didn’t do it there. Folks chose to do it on the House floor and in the Rules Committee instead. Is that the way we want this institution to work? Do we want to ignore the issues at the committees of jurisdiction and bring them to the House floor straightaway, or do we want to work through the committee process? 
Speaker. I have one vote in a body of 435. I generally side on the side of openness as opposed to being closed. I generally side on the side of voting instead of not voting. 
Of all the rules I have had a chance 
the good people of the Seventh District have entrusted me with their voting card, this bill that we have before us, this rule that we have before us makes in order more voices than any other rule I have ever handled. 
enough today, fair enough. Let’s talk about it again tomorrow. But I challenge you to tell me that we did it better yesterday, not ‘‘we’’ the Republicans yesterday, not ‘‘we’’ the Democrats yesterday, but ‘‘we’’ this House yesterday. 
a long time. Not in more than 10 years have we even considered a bill of this magnitude on the floor of the House, and I am pleased that we finally came together to do it today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ). 
good friend from Georgia talks about the certainty that will be obtained by this bill. There will be certainty. There will be an absolute certainty that we will continue to underinvest in our infrastructure in the United States of America for the next 6 years. 
Mr. Speaker, because of recent funding levels, we have caused the infrastructure in this country to be underinvested by a huge number. People estimate we have a $6 trillion shortfall in our infrastructure. Well, that is a huge challenge. It is also a huge opportunity. If we could actually increase our investment in infrastructure, we 
the lives of our constituents, and we would make our country more competitive. 
locks in infrastructure spending at current levels for another 6 years. How anyone could possibly look at the facts, look at the data, and look at the situation of the infrastructure in this country and conclude that that is the right answer is beyond my comprehension. 
underinvestment in our infrastructure that will cause the infrastructure crisis in this country to continue to build is to reject this rule and reject the underlying bill so that this Congress can go back to the drawing board and figure out smart ways to increase our funding in infrastructure. 
have heard about some of them today. One of the ones that I have worked on for years is to tie increasing our investment in infrastructure to international tax reform, where we have trillions of dollars sitting overseas trapped. If we can create pathways for that money to come back, we can allocate additional revenue towards infrastructure and increase our investment in infrastructure so we will not continue to have the problem of chronic underinvestment in our infrastructure and we can rebuild America. 
friend from Maryland he is absolutely right. We could do better in terms of certainty. 
when Democrats ran this institution the cycle before I got here, they passed six different transportation extension bills in 2 years. That means we are averaging 4 months of certainty. 
This bill, even under the most pessimistic assertions, gives us 3 years of certainty, which is more certainty than America has seen in a decade. I am not trying to stop trying, Mr. Speaker. I want us to keep fighting forward together. I just want us to recognize that this is the best we have done in a long, long time. Let’s take advantage of having done the best we have done in a long, long time, and let’s keep trying to do better. 
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN), a senior member of the Transportation Committee. 
Speaker, first, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me this time. In my 27 years in this Congress, I can think of very few Members who are better orators, greater speakers than the gentleman from Georgia; and I appreciate his giving me this time. 
I rise in support of this rule. Later today, Congressman PAULSEN  
of Minnesota and I will be offering an amendment that, I think, is very technical in nature; but it is designed to help the smallest businesses in the 
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for including some provisions from a bill that I introduced in the base text that establishes hiring practices that a freight broker must follow. 
clarifies the requirements that a freight broker must meet before hiring a motor carrier for the delivery of goods. This bill will require a broker to check to ensure that a motor carrier is first registered with, and authorized by, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to operate as a licensed motor carrier; and, secondly, that it has the minimum insurance required by Federal law; and, third, it has the satisfactory safety fitness determination by the FMCSA. My amendment inserts ‘‘or be unrated’’ in the third requirement. 
small trucking companies which have yet to be audited by the FMCSA. By adding the words ‘‘or be unrated,’’ we ensure that these very small companies will not be precluded from being in the pool of eligible motor carriers that can be used for shipping goods. 
Without this modest change, thousands of very small, very safe trucking companies will be eliminated from the pool of eligible motor carriers just because the FMCSA has not had time or staff levels enough to rate them. Without this amendment, thousands of small companies that have never had a wreck or a violation will be hurt. 
small businesses and drive up the cost of shipping goods for everyone. This is an amendment for the little guy, the momandpop operators. 
There is a second part to this amendment that address a fourth requirement that must be checked by the brokers. This fourth condition requires a broker to check to make sure that a motor carrier has not been issued an outofservice order to prohibit a carrier from conducting operations. 
that we have only safe trucks on the road and that thousands of small businesses are not hurt in the process. This amendment is supported by the Owner Operators Independent Drivers Association, the Transportation Intermediaries Association, various other associations, the International Warehouse Logistics Association, and on and on. 
into this amendment and hopefully support it later today when we bring it to the floor. 
American workers don’t have access to paid sick days, which means they can’t miss work without losing a day’s pay or risking their job security, sometimes even endangering the public health by spreading their flu or cold to others. Mr. Speaker, everyone should be able 
to take care of themselves or their loved ones when they are sick and not have to worry about losing their job or falling behind on their bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. I yield 2 minutes to the 
opposition to the previous question. Defeating the previous question will allow us to amend the rule to provide for consideration of the Healthy Families Act. It is an act that would allow workers to earn up to 7 days of jobprotected sick leave every year. 
mean choosing between your job and taking care of yourself and your family. But at least 43 million private sector workers, 39 percent of the workforce, must make this decision every time illness strikes. Millions more cannot earn paid sick time to care for a sick child or for a family member. 
workers have to make this choice. Increased turnover rates amount to greater costs. And employers can jeopardize the health of other employees when their policies force employees to come to work sick. 
Paid sick days policies have been enacted successfully at the State and local levels. Nearly 20 jurisdictions across the country have adopted paid sick day laws, and there is strong public support for universal access to paid sick days. Eightyeight percent of Americans support paid sick days legislation. 
working families to meet their health and financial needs while boosting businesses’ productivity and retention rates. 
It ultimately strengthens this Nation’s economy. It is common sense, business savvy, and it is the right thing to do. Let’s protect the public health, boost the economy, help hardworking families have access to paid sick days. Let’s pass the Healthy Families Act. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), the ranking member on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures. 
be bragging about this legislation today, boasting about this legislation. Let me give you the perspective of 27 years here. 
greater investment and, just as importantly, it put people to work immediately. 
title portion of this bill. There was no operation or opportunity for Members to offer amendments in the Ways and Means Committee. Now, let me point out, for that 4year period when we were in the majority, I held those hearings; and then after the loss of elections, during those 4 years, nothing ever came of it again. 
We have repeatedly urged the opportunity to talk about a genuine mechanism for financing the Federal highway system, our airports, our railroads; and the opportunity has not availed itself. 
think is noteworthy as well, this financing is held together by bubble gum. How many times are we going to sell the oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve? Every time I turn around, it becomes the payfor these days. Is there any oil left in there? That is how we are going to finance the Federal highway system? 
in some States people only want to pay for services that they use, that was the revenue mechanism, the user fee, the gas tax that allowed people to pay for the services that they used; namely, driving along on the Federal highway system. Now, how is that for a complication? 
not adequately addressed the Federal highway system’s responsibility and that begins in this House of the Congress where all financing, according to our Constitution, is supposed to originate. If the Ways and Means Committee isn’t taking it up, there is no opportunity for the House to take it up. 
a bad rule, and we should vote it down and get on with financing the Federal highway system the way it is supposed to be financed. 
Congress before I arrived when he was chairman, four different extensions of the highway trust fund, not one of them was funded with a change in the gas tax. 
Mr. NEAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
hearings. We went through it. We had the Chamber of Commerce in, the American Trucking Association, and we had organized labor in. We were set to go, and then we lost the institution and that was the end of the discussion about the Federal highway system. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a member of the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. 
bill used to be a solid, bipartisan bill that invested in the future of this country. This Congress has set different expectations. I think if we are candid with ourselves and with the American people, we have become a lowexpectations Congress. I guess it could be said that this bill meets, but certainly doesn’t exceed, the low expectations that prevail in this body. 
It is true that it will have a 6year 
bill authorization with 3 years of bubblegumstyled funding. That is going to give some certainty to the agency of transportation in Vermont, so it is true that this is better than when we were doing 3month extensions and 5 month extensions on ‘‘pension smoothing.’’ 
better. America needs more, and we can provide it. We have jobs to create, work to be done, workers ready to put shovels in the ground and to get America moving again. It is within our power, both sides, to make that happen. But it can’t happen if we are so fearful to even discuss revenue measures that we don’t have hearings on them. 
with Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. P ASCRELL , 
the Delaney proposal. There are solutions out there that are going to invest in this country, generate jobs for this economy, increase the gross domestic product, and make our economy more competitive and our highway system safer. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ), a member of 
today in opposition to the rule precisely because it makes in order various ExportImport Bank amendments that are actually designed to kill what we just did to make sure that we could reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Nonetheless, I am grateful to Chairmen SHUSTER and G RAVES and Ranking 
their committees and their personal staffs for their leadership in trying to move forward a 6year reauthorization. 
is far from perfect, but the fact is, America is literally falling apart: by asphalt, by rebar, by cement, by steel, by rail, pothole by pothole, just falling apart. The United States now ranks 16th in infrastructure according to the World Economic Forum. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, the overall assessment of our infrastructure ranks is, I am sad to say, a whopping D plus. 
Washington Post back in February, a constituent of mine was driving on the 
Suitland Parkway, just outside of D.C. She was minding her own business, running her errands. What happens? A chunk of cement falls down and hits her car. That is right, a chunk of cement falling from the beltway to hit her car on the Suitland Parkway. Fortunately, no one was injured, but this is just one example of a project that was on the Federal list and simply wasn’t worked on because there was no money to do it. 
terms of a bipartisan authorization for a longterm authorization, but this is nowhere near what we need to do to repair the couple of trillion dollars in infrastructure deficit that we face in this country that is causing us not to be as competitive as we need to be and really is taking up a bunch of time for people who are stuck on roads that are going nowhere. 
Let me be clear, this is not the bill 
that I would have written. It is not perfect, but maybe it is the best that we can do under the circumstances. Clearly, though, we shouldn’t have a 6year authorization with only a couple years of funding. There have been numerous proposals to fund our longterm infrastructure. 
I am grateful that I was able to at 
least work on a couple of amendments regarding oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, WMATA, and I look forward to continuing to work on these efforts. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
have talked about selling down the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. I think that is a great bipartisan idea to pay for something. We actually no longer need to have crude oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
oil, so they are actually stockpiling the same stuff that we are talking about exporting; namely, unprocessed crude oil. There is a component of the crude oil reserve that is heating oil that is processed. That is still necessary. That is not being sold down. Nobody has talked about selling that down. I think we can use the Strategic Petroleum Reserve as an additional payfor for other items until it is successfully phased out over the next few years. I think this bill is the first step. I applaud my colleagues for including it. 
Keep in mind, though, it is an accounting trick in terms of the dollar value of that. They are assuming that it will be sold at roughly twice the current price of oil. That may happen; it may not. We don’t know. But at least it is being sold, and that is a good thing. 
rated poor or mediocre. We need to do better. We have a responsibility to address the transportation and infrastructure crisis. 
the biggest city in my congressional district, home to Colorado State University, you have found a lot of traffic along Interstate 25. 
70 to our worldclass ski resorts, like Vail or Breckenridge, you might very well have been locked in traffic as you went out there to enjoy the ski season or the summer high season. 
Frisco, Breckenridge, these are our communities that are tourismand recreationdriven, and we need a 21st century transportation solution that provides consistency in funding levels, not a shell game to fund 2 years of a 6 year bill. 
major highway improvements, like we need on Interstates 25 and 70. We need to put politics aside and not shroud a 2 year bill behind a facade of a 6year bill. Our parents and grandparents sacrificed to build a worldclass national infrastructure system, but we need the courage to maintain it and improve it for the 21st century. 
responsibility of this maneuver. I urge defeat of the previous question, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 5
working with me on this rule today. I appreciate all the folks on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure who made this possible, and the whole body that came in front of the Committee on Rules, bringing amendments to try to make the bill better. 
I don’t want to suggest that the differences that we have between one another here are in any way going away because of this bill. They are not. I have heard passionate speech after passionate speech about funding of this bill. 
represent a county of 200,000 people who just raised $200 million in a bonding initiative to build their roads. Until my colleagues have raised the taxes on their constituents by $1,000 on every man, woman, and child—$4,000 on a family of four—to build roads back home in your district, please don’t come and ask my constituents to pay even more. 
raised its gas tax, from a 7 cent sales tax to a 26 cent excise tax. When your State has taken on that same burden of responsibility, come back to me and tell me how much more Georgia needs to put in to help you. 
trust fund has long been a conversation in this body, but by holding the Federal gas tax constant over these years, 
that devolution has been happening naturally with the effect of inflation, and localities are picking up the tab. 
this week back home, Mr. Speaker? This is election week, of course. A year ago this week is when Forsyth County passed its $200 million bonding initiative. You know when they broke ground on the project, Mr. Speaker? This week. This week. You tell me that time is money. It is true in transportation. 
project that you are working on back home in your district that you are going from conception to groundbreaking in 12 months. I want to help you find the funding to make it happen, I do, because, clearly, you are running at a heightened level of efficiency, and it deserves our support. 
bill is because we are not getting a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of Federal taxes. The reason we need this bill is to help make some of those bipartisan reforms to the infrastructure program that just don’t make sense. They just don’t make sense in the 21st century, and it is no wonder. Democratic Congresses failed to succeed in this effort. Republican Congresses failed to succeed in this effort. This Congress is succeeding in this effort. 
this rule today, 81 new ideas with this amendment today. Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill has more certainty and more funding than any other proposal this body has considered in more than a decade. This rule has more openness, more voices, and more amendments than any other rule of this nature that I have been able to handle in 4
don’t get it right every day. Votes don’t go the way I want them to go every day, but we have got a chance, Mr. Speaker. We have got a chance with this bill, with this process, with this new House leadership team to restore the trust that has been lost for far too long. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 512 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to 
offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor on H.R. 1019. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 507 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 22. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose on Tuesday, November 3, 2015, amendment No. 45 printed in 
part B of House Report 114–325 offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) had been disposed 
unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on my amendment to the end that the amendment stands disposed of by the voice vote thereon. 
request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the ayes have it and the amendment is agreed to. 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114–325 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37, AS MODIFIED , OFFERED BY  
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 255, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McMorris 
Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise 
Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan 
Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus 
Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) 
SWALWELL of California, LARSON of Connecticut, MARINO, and GUTIE ´RREZ changed their vote from 
BARTON, MULLIN, Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ROONEY OF  
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 185, noes 240, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Conaway Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Love Lucas Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris 
McSally Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) 
Ross Rouzer Royce Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Valadao Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
594, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall 595, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 169, noes 257, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Knight Kuster LaMalfa 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Ribble 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Visclosky 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) 
Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CONAWAY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, had come to no resolution thereon. 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 512) providing for further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care 
Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
597 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 243, noes 183, not voting 7, as follows: [Roll No. 598] 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
AMENDMENT NO. 23 AS THOUGH PRINTED IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING AMENDMENT NO. 9 IN PART B OF HOUSE REPORT 114– 326 
unanimous consent that, during further consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 22 pursuant to House Resolution 512, amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–326 may be considered as though printed immediately following amendment No. 9 in part B of such report. 
LUMMIS ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 512 and rule 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 22. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. CONAWAY (Acting Chair) 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 was pending. 
part A of House Report 114–326 shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
It shall be in order at any time for 
the chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part A of House Report 114–326 not earlier disposed of. Such amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
amendment, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–326. Each such further amendment shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, except that amendment No. 23 printed in part B of the report may be considered as though immediately following amendment No. 9 in part B of the report. Each such further amendment may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARRIS) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
CONAWAY , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, had come to no resolution thereon. 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 PRINTED IN PART A OF HOUSE REPORT 114– 326 OUT OF SEQUENCE 
unanimous consent that, during further consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 22, pursuant to House Resolution 512, amendment No. 1, printed in part A of House Report 114–326, may be considered out of sequence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CONAWAY ). Is there objection to the request 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 512 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 22. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. PALAZZO (Acting Chair) 
in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 was pending. 
today, amendment No. 1, printed in part A of House Report 114–326, may be considered out of sequence. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RYAN OF  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Page 56, line 8, after ‘‘diesel retrofits’’ insert ‘‘or alternative fuel vehicles’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN) and a Member 
amendment is cosponsored by Congresswoman NAPOLITANO and is endorsed by the Natural Gas Vehicles for America, the Electric Drive Transportation Association, and the National Propane Gas Association. 
The amendment addresses one specific provision in the bill, section 1109, which modifies how Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality, CMAQ, funds can be used in PM2.5 nonattainment and maintenance areas. ‘‘PM’’ stands for ‘‘particulate matter.’’ 
to fund transportation projects or programs that will contribute to the attainment or maintenance of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards. All projects and programs that are eligible for CMAQ funds must come from a conforming Federal or State transportation plan. The program is designed to allow States to identify the right solution for their air quality challenges and utilize CMAQ funds to implement them. 
Without the RyanNapolitano amendment, the language in section 1109 may restrict States’ discretion in identifying the most costeffective emissions reduction technologies and effectively limit their options to only diesel retrofits. Specifically, the priority consideration and use of funding provisions for the section seemingly restrict local authorities’ ability to consider other alternative vehicle technologies that can be adopted to meet the goals of this section. 
gas, propane, or electric vehicles, also reduce PM2.5 and provide other air quality benefits. In my State of Ohio and the chairman’s State of Pennsylvania, being two of those States, they 
allow for the use of CMAQ funds for a 
variety of alternative fuel vehicles. However, section 1109, as written, may limit their and other States’ solutions in using CMAQ funds to address the nonattainment issue. 
how to use these funds, and it is important that we keep the utilization of CMAQ funding technology neutral. Giving States the flexibility in utilizing these funds allows them to select the best vehicle technology to address PM2.5 concerns. Modifying the priority consideration and the use of funding language in this section allows us to meet the environmental goals while avoiding picking winners and losers. 
I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER for his help and Ranking Member 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), the amendment’s cosponsor. 
rise in strong support as a cosponsor of this amendment. I thank my colleague from Ohio (Mr. RYAN) for offering it. I 
thank the gentleman for allowing me to cosponsor it because this is an important issue for my area. 
would clarify language in the bill in order for local transportation agencies to continue to fund not only highway, but transit, bicycle, and pedestrian, projects with Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Program funds, called CMAQ. This amendment would also allow for alternative fuel vehicles to be eligible for recipient funds along with diesel retrofit projects. 
A concern was brought to my attention by the metropolitan planning organizations in California, including the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority and the cities they represent, which includes my district in the San Gabriel Valley, that important transportation projects would no longer be prioritized for CMAQ funding. 
In 2014, southern California transportation agencies—mind you, they represent over 20 million people—used CMAQ funding to provide $51 million in traffic flow improvements, $50 million in transit, and $22 million in bicycle and pedestrian projects. This amendment would clarify that these projects are still prioritized for CMAQ funding. 
with us on this amendment. I look forward to working with my colleagues in conference to further clarify that traffic flow, transit, and bicycle and pedestrian projects continue to be eligible for CMAQ setaside programs as they are now. 
claim the time in opposition, although I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, currently under the CMAQ Program, funds may be used to purchase publicly owned alternative fuel vehicles, including passenger vehicles, service trucks, street cleaners, and others. 
This is a good amendment that ensures alternative fuel vehicles are still eligible under this bill. I support the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
any other provision of law, or rights granted thereunder, and provided that the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) are met, a property owner may develop, construct, operate, and maintain pier, wharf, or other such loadout structures on that property and on or above adjacent beds of the navigable waters of the United States to facilitate the commercial waterborne transportation of domestic aggregate that may supply an eligible project under this section, including salt, sand, and gravel, from reserves located within ten miles of the property.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and a 
roads, bridges, and other infrastructure projects we seek to advance in the legislation before us today require a steady supply of aggregate and gravel. Without it, we might as well not even be here debating this legislation. 
In fact, a report from the U.S. Geological Survey—2011 USGS Report: Aggregate Resource Availability in the United States—found ‘‘a 70 percent increase in annual aggregate production may be required to upgrade our transportation infrastructure.’’ 
an indisputable need for an uninterrupted, large supply of aggregate for the restoration and rehabilitation of the infrastructure.’’ 
substantial portion of the cost of aggregate is its transportation costs, and lowering those costs will reduce the cost of construction projects. My State of California is just one example of where the need is great. According to a recent report, California goes through 200 million tons of high grade aggregate every year, which is the equivalent of more than 7 million trips by large diesel trucks. 
So here is what my amendment does: It streamlines access to marineaccessible sand and gravel aggregate supply points throughout the United States, allowing our country to meet the future needs of the national infrastructure projects which are covered in this legislation. 
opportunity to strengthen our supply of raw building materials for infrastructure projects, to reduce road congestion and transportation costs, and to strengthen our maritime community. 
from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Generally, the gentleman from California and I have worked together on a number of things, and this is one time when I reluctantly rise in opposition to his proposal. 
I have spent a good deal of time on 
aggregate issues in my own district that relate to those which are located in the marine environment, and I understand some of the frustrations and concerns that go on there. The language in this, though, is so broad that we are preempting both the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899 and the Truman Hobbs Act, which relate to impediments to navigation. 
At this point, that sort of amendment would, for instance, overturn an easement that has been entered into between the joint Naval Base Kitsap and the owners of this aggregate. There is a concern that, if a dock were built in that area, it would interfere with the navigation that is a prime route for our strategic submarine forces in the Pacific Northwest and the Pacific region. 
So we think it has unintended consequences that go far beyond any idea of streamlining access to maritime aggregate resources. 
So I would have to recommend Members oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ). 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman from California’s amendments. 
start the rebirth of our Nation’s shipping capabilities and begin to build 
domestic supply of sand and gravel across our Nation. 
This amendment allows access to aggregate that will be available to restore damaged beaches, enhance fisheries habitats in the estuaries and littoral regions of the Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Pacific Ocean by providing clean sand and gravel for broadscale beach replenishment projects that are so vital across the Nation. 
This amendment will also lead to establishment of a reliable U.S. source to meet domestic demand for major construction and public projects. Half of all uses for sand and gravel are used for public projects, building and replacing vital U.S. highways, bridges, and seawall infrastructures. 
will save taxpayer dollars by reducing costs on public works projects because, simply put, moving containerized cargo on the water is costcompetitive, economical, and efficient. 
country on the path to having the potential to create at least 20,000 more shipbuilding manufacturing jobs just by building at least 30 to 40 new seagoing bulk freighters and container carrier ships worth at least $3 billion that will result if we pass this amendment. 
country. It is good for our infrastructure, and it is good for creating American jobs across this country. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
you have a quarry that does gravel or aggregate by any waterway, whether it is an inland waterway, an inlet, a sound, or the ocean, you can then develop your gravel pits and put that aggregate on ships—not on trucks, not on rail, but on ships—that have a much lower emission cost than anything else does. You can put them on ships, which means it is going to help the maritime community. 
from China. We get our aggregate right now from Communist China. Instead of doing that, let’s strengthen our domestic supply and allow the aggregate producers around the country the ability to export their aggregate to domestic suppliers, to the national defense community, to our road makers, and to our building makers. 
strengthens our national security. I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
laws for construction of these transportationrelated facilities, i.e., piers, 
waive all the laws, someone may want to build a pier that interferes with everybody else who navigates that narrow channel, including the United States Navy with their boomer subs. That is not really, I think, a very good way to go forward; and that was recognized by Congress as a problem in 1899, impediments to commercial navigation, in this case, strategic national defense navigation. 
to get at more easily utilizing these resources. But preempting the Rivers and Harbors Act and the TrumanHobbs Act, which means structures could be built which would impede others’ navigation, is really incredibly problematic. I really think that this should be considered in a more deliberate way as part of future legislation, perhaps the Water Resources Development Act or something along those lines. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 4 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
ACCOUNTABILITY .—Projects included in the adopted longrange statewide transportation 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and 
this amendment is based on the bipartisan Metropolitan Planning Enhancement Act that rebuilds public trust by promoting evidencebased decisionmaking in the transportation investment process. This commonsense amendment helps States and metropolitan planning organizations offer the highest return for taxpayers and commuters through increased transparency and improved accountability. 
of government right now. In the context of transportation funding, many Americans believe that highway and bridge project decisions are based on politics and insider connections rather than statewide and regional transportation goals. 
commuters have little idea how State Departments of Transportation and MPOs make their project decisions or why they choose one project over another; yet, every year, lawmakers ask taxpayers to spend more and more of their hardearned dollars on infrastructure projects with minimal transparency and accountability. 
regional transportation plans to include project descriptions and to score projects based on criteria developed by the State or the region, not the Federal Government. 
with objective criteria ensures that limited transportation resources are invested in projects that provide the highest return on investment to commuters. Furthermore, requiring transportation decisionmakers to communicate how projects are chosen enhances the public’s understanding of and confidence in the project selection process. 
Many States and MPOs are incorporating project priority criteria today: Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Louisiana, Texas, Washington State, Minnesota, Massachusetts, amongst others. There is plenty of early evidence that this has increased confidence within the commuting public. 
systems are critical to our growing and prosperous U.S. economy. We cannot allow diminishing resources to be directed toward bad investments. This amendment ensures that the public has more complete information to judge the merits of projects for themselves. 
about America’s crumbling infrastructure is about how we are going to find the necessary money to match the need. As responsible legislators, we should ask ourselves how we can most efficiently invest the resources we already have. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
proposed amendment would impose burdensome new requirements on States and metropolitan planning organizations, significantly delaying project selection and construction. 
States and MPOs already, under current law, are subject to extensive planning requirements and take multiple factors into accountant in developing their short and longrange plans. It is critical that they have the flexibility to weigh tradeoffs in different priorities without being hamstrung by a strict ranking process. 
for participation by stakeholders and the public is a hallmark of the planning process. States and MPOs are required to have a participation plan to ensure that any interested party can be heard. 
the National Conference of State Legislatures, the Association of Metropolitan Planning Organizations, and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials all oppose this amendment, and they are the very people that deal with this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
all due respect to the chairman, I want to thank him for his consideration. 
San Francisco Bay Area, that the incentive and the requirement to do more will actually help with the transparency, as I have stated earlier. 
I would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
rise as designee of Representative GRIJALVA , and I have an amendment at the 
designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 168, line 12, strike ‘‘this Act,’’. Strike sections 1315 through 1317. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this bill uses ‘‘streamlining’’ the regulatory process, which is a euphemism for ‘‘steamrolling’’ over bedrock environmental laws. In fact, it dedicates 50 pages of this bill to paving over the National Environmental Policy Act, also known as NEPA, as well as the National Historic Preservation Act, NHPA. 
circles to blame environmental regulations for all of our Nation’s ills, but that doesn’t make it true. In fact, the evidence tells us an entirely different story. 
reported several years ago, before all of this steamrolling started, that more than 90 percent of NEPA reviews for highway projects were accomplished through a categorical exclusion process that takes only a few days. For the few—and we are talking about only 4 percent—highway projects which do require an environmental impact statement, the end result is often savings for the taxpayers and better projects that cause less harm to the environment and to our communities. 
U.S. Route 23 in Michigan was modified to avoid the largest loss of wetlands in the State’s history and to preserve 
on the Route 53 causeway to Ocean City was completed after NEPA review helped them minimize private property takings as well as damage to tidal marshes. 
In my own home State of Pennsylvania, construction of the Pennsylvania Turnpike/I–95 Interchange Project is underway after a thorough and public NEPA review, which was conducted with the input and support of local residents and local government officials. This process led to the selection of a design with the fewest impacts to homes, businesses, and the local environment. 
delays; it leads to better outcomes. The real culprit in delaying highway projects is a lack of funding. To address that problem, the House majority will need to first look in the mirror. It is their draconian budget slashing that has left our transportation infrastructure in the disrepair that is in existence today. 
It would require us to evaluate the impacts of the last two rounds of regulatory steamrolling passed in the 
before we take any further steps to gut environmental protection and historic preservation. 
because, while there is ample evidence that regulatory reform was not needed in the first place, there is exactly zero evidence that it has had any positive impact at all because no information has been collected on the matter. 
So the very least we can do, in the 
interest of responsible government, is evaluate the effects of the laws we pass before we declare the need for more of the same. Shirking our responsibility to appropriate highway dollars and instead just scapegoating laws that protect the American people from harm is simply dishonest. 
that this amendment strikes are seriously flawed, and I do look forward to working with my colleagues on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the administration, and our friends in the Senate on achieving a more reasonable outcome. 
Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), I 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Page 225, strike lines 4 through 20 and insert the following: 
the program for a 10year period. Upon the request of a State, the Secretary may continue to carry out the program for that State for an additional 10year period. 
shall select 10 States to participate in the program. 
MANUALS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, States participating in the program may permit acknowledgment of roadside maintenance through the use of live plant materials without being limited by any Federal, State, or other law, regulation, or manual that limits or regulates procurement actions, acknowledgment signs, advertising, landscaping, or other uses of, or actions relating to, highway rightsofway or areas adjacent to highway rightsofway. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and a 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan amendment is only a technical change to a pilot program that is already included in the underlying bill. I would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for including the base language in the bill. 
This legislative language in our proposed amendment is a means for State Departments of Transportation to increase their revenues without additional burden on the taxpayer. Everybody knows that every State is hurting for transportation dollars. This helps them. 
third parties to a State DOT’s roadside maintenance through a corporate logo made of live plant materials rather than conventional metallic material, State Departments of Transportation will have innovative new means for funding highway maintenance needs. This will free up funds for other highway projects. 
Caltrans, my State DOT, and six other State DOTs asked for the authority to operate this kind of innovative program. The pilot program does not cost the State or Federal Government a penny to operate. Estimates are that my State of California could conservatively save millions of dollars annually in roadside maintenance costs from this program. Other States would enjoy other similar tangible benefits. 
program, as it appears in the underlying bill, does not specifically permit acknowledgment through live plant materials and places no limitations on what guidelines the U.S. Department of Transportation would develop for innovative approaches under the pilot program. 
The legislative language in our proposed amendment paves the way for State DOTs to implement an acknowledgement program with live plant materials by specifying this particular approach in the legislative language and by providing some specificity on the guidelines that the U.S. Department of Transportation should develop and what matters are best left to the States to assure the success of this innovative new approach. 
would allow commercialization within the Federal rightofway, and that causes concern as to the potential for proliferation. 
years that I have been on the committee over advertising proximate to interstates. We have come to a pretty good stasis on that issue. This amendment is not new. It is not widely supported. 
they were in support. We were in touch with them numerous times. Perhaps they are, but we didn’t hear that. The Outdoor Advertising Association of America does not support the amendment. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for taking the initiative on offering this amendment, which simply modifies the pilot program already created in the manager’s amendment. 
stems from the fact that Florida’s DOT currently has a cosponsorship program, and a multitude of other State DOTs have also offered their support. This program permits States to partner with private sector organizations, which will fund further roadside maintenance. The private sector, not the government, will be responsible for the fabrication, installation, and maintenance of the signs, resulting in zero expense to taxpayers. 
to implement an acknowledgment program with live plant materials. Furthermore, it provides specifics on the guidelines USDOT should develop and lets States decide which matters are of significance to them. 
one of those things that I kind of thought everybody would enjoy. It is environmentally friendly, it uses plants and flowers, and it doesn’t cost anybody anything. I mean, this is one of those deals that I am surprised is opposed by any Member. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my State of Florida could receive $35 million in revenue and $8.7 million in maintenance savings annually for the program. 
This is a ‘‘may.’’ The States don’t have to participate in it. It is a pilot program. It is flowers, and it is friendly. I support it, and I would urge my colleagues to vote for it. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, the bill itself establishes this. The gentleman has proposed an upto20year pilot program. That seems pretty permanent in terms of most people’s life spans. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
guess we are putting in perennials, not annuals. Okay. 
In any case, the bill itself does establish a pilot program that would establish that five States would be allowed not just to do logo flowers, but to do other innovative projects that could generate revenues for use in the maintenance of the rightsofway, and this would be five States. There would be guidelines published by the Secretary. They would terminate after 6 years, and then we would see if there was wisdom in expanding it. 
gone through, as I said, many controversies over billboards, particularly when they went to billboards that would change as you were driving. 
because of the period of the change so as not to distract drivers and cause potential traffic accidents. I can imagine you are driving along and you are really wanting to read that logo as you are going by, and this could contribute to distracted driving. So we must oppose the amendment. 
looking at some of the designs that have been already done. One is a Nike swoosh. You don’t have to read a 
swoosh. You just know it is a swoosh because we all know what Nike swooshes look like. 
have to read that. By going with the gentleman’s argument, you couldn’t have any billboards up anywhere. There are tons of billboards that you have to read. 
These are just logos, and the corporations want to pay the State DOT to put these logos on the side of the road. This is free money for the States, free money for States’ transportation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, insert the following: 
State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting employees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related activities regulated under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law that requires a motor carrier that compensates employees on a piece rate basis to pay those employees separate or additional compensation, provided that the motor carrier pays the employee a total sum that when divided by the total number 
of hours worked during the corresponding work period is equal to or greater than the applicable hourly minimum wage of the State, political subdivision of the State, or political authority of 2 or more States. 
made by this section shall have the force and effect as if enacted on the date of enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–305). 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a 
Congress enacted the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act, or F4A, to prevent States from undermining Federal deregulation of interstate commerce through a patchwork of State regulations. Since 1994, motor carriers have been operating under the Federal meal and rest break standards until a ruling by the California Ninth Circuit Court. This amendment would remedy that issue. 
amendment is so broad that it would basically preempt meal, rest break, and other laws that relate to truck drivers in 21 States. So I think this is an issue of states’ rights. 
It is an issue of an overly broad attempt to address what is a real contradiction that was created by the ninth circuit, that if you have a truck driver who is operating long haul through a number of States having to comply with new rest or meal break requirements on the Federal clock, which I can barely understand with the new requirements on rest, every time the driver crosses a State line, it is confusing and I think is a potential impediment to interstate commerce. 
have specifically addressed that concern. Unfortunately, we weren’t able to reach agreement on that. Mr. LARSEN  
of Washington State submitted that amendment to the Committee on Rules. It was not allowed. Unfortunately, we only have this overly broad amendment. 
trucking; it would preempt California’s wage, hour, and rest break rules for intrastate trucking in the State of 
the case that was before the ninth circuit was intrastate truck drivers who were delivering appliances. 
lot of time when I chaired the subcommittee on the issue of these, basically, pressed labor, who were theoretically purchasing their drayage trucks to haul cargo out of Long Beach and out of Los Angeles, who were really basically being enslaved. They were never going to pay them off. They were never going to own them. In fact, they were hotseated. Other people were also buying the same truck at different hours of the day. Nobody ever got the trucks. 
laws in California so that drivers could be paid on a piece rate no matter what the congestion conditions: Sorry. Gee, we paid you for that load. So it took you 8 hours. That is the way it is. So you only earned 49 cents an hour. Sorry. Because wage and hour laws don’t apply to you. 
address what has, at its core, a contradiction under the FAAA Act, the ruling about interstate commerce. So I would have to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from Oregon. He was here in 1994 when Speaker Foley pushed this issue through. He understands the issue. While his language did not fully address the issue, we are going to continue to work together to resolve this as this amendment moves forward. 
me just say first to Mr. S HUSTER and 
Mr. D EFAZIO that I want to thank them 
for their leadership in getting this bill to the floor. I am just going with the new Speaker, who said, ‘‘the will of the House.’’ And I am sure the will of the House will pass this amendment. Why? Because one thing is that transportation is intermodal. 
I was here in 1994, when we said we 
were not going to have a patchwork and we were not going to have each State with their own rules and regulations. I say let’s move forward. In my opinion, we need to reinstate the intentions of the Congress in 1994. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
trucking industry is represented—not necessarily in terms of volume, but in terms of value—by OOIDA, and they are opposed to this. 
amendment, which would overturn a Federal court decision that determined California meal and rest break laws apply to truckers. On July 9, 2014, the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, as was mentioned before, ruled that trucking operators in California must allow for 30 minute breaks after 5 hours of work and a 10minute rest break after each 4 hours. This meal and rest break standard is very reasonable when you consider the truck drivers can be subject to 14 hours of onduty time. 
The amendment would not only preempt California’s law with regard to trucking operations, but would preempt laws in 21 other States and territories that guarantee a meal break. I won’t go into the States’ names. The States must be allowed to set meal and rest break standards as they see fit for the health and safety of their workers. One size does not fit all. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Chairman, this amendment is needed to keep interstate commerce moving and to correct a misguided rule issued by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Here, we are faced with an overactive judiciary legislating from the bench with very real and very adverse economic consequences as a result of this misinformed decision. 
deliberate action in the past to preempt States from getting in the way of a nationally uniform set of rules for motor carriers. This amendment makes clear the intent of Congress that States can’t impose their own requirements on drivers whose working hours and breaks are governed under nationally uniform Federal regulations. 
safety regulations, drivers who need a break are always entitled to take one. This amendment does not change that. Likewise, current Federal whistleblower laws protect drivers from carriers who stand in the way of that, and this amendment does not change that. 
Court decision, motor carriers will now be forced to plan their routes and services around the obligations of individual State break requirements. This will deprive businesses and drivers of the flexibility currently afforded under Federal law for interstate commerce. It will reduce shipping capacity. It will increase shipping costs, and it causes confusion and cost. 
price for the decision of the unelected judges of the ninth circuit? In my district, it will be the small businesses and consumers who face higher prices, and it will prove more costly to transportation professionals whose livelihoods are directly dependent on an efficient and streamlined shipping and trucking industry. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
45 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). 
reject legislation because it encroaches on states’ rights, yet their commitment to State sovereignty disappears when it comes to protecting workers. 
clarify the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994. It changes and expands its application to preempt the will of States such as mine. 
ensure a safe working environment for truck drivers traveling within the State, and the U.S. Court of Appeals specifically ruled these laws are not preempted by the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act. 
the Workforce Committee, and as a Californian, I stand in strong opposition to this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote against it. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ). 
proud today to stand with Representative DENHAM as a cosponsor of this 
mistake—a current law that has been on the books for over two decades. It promotes interstate commerce, ensures economic growth, and fortifies safety requirements. 
This amendment will allow a vital industry in my district and a vital industry to our Nation, the trucking industry, to operate without a patchwork of State regulations. 
have several of the Nation’s largest motor carriers. These employers haul 
freight throughout the country and provide goodpaying jobs. Unfortunately, these employers may now face litigation that could cost tens of millions of dollars and create regulatory uncertainty across this country. 
Farflung litigation shouldn’t threaten the livelihood of hardworking Nebraskans. It is likely that companies like those in my district will simply refuse to do business in certain States. This result will destroy jobs, hinder competition, and hurt taxpayers. 
45 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, Congress has been clear that the patchwork of laws and rules dictating when drivers eat, sleep, and pull over is impractical. Fifty standards create an unreasonable burden on truck drivers and companies. 
Furthermore, dismantling the Federal standards jeopardizes safety, increases costs, causes significant inefficiencies, reduces competition, inhibits innovation and technology, and curtails the expansion of markets. 
and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). 
largest trucking companies in the country. I recognize these are hardworking, dedicated people who play a vital role in the success of our economy. The growth of regulations under this administration has made their jobs much, much more difficult. 
truck drivers of a patchwork of regulations that make their jobs very difficult, with little positive effect. 
Let me correct a common misunderstanding. This amendment does not prevent drivers from taking breaks when they think it is appropriate. In fact, it does the exact opposite. It allows the drivers to be flexible to take breaks when they think it is most appropriate and most safe and not to worry if they are violating the law. 
times set by 50 different States simply will not work, and that is why I am such a strong supporter of this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, 
shall fully implement the recommendations contained in the report submitted under section 32308 of MAP–21 (49 U.S.C. 31301 note). 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ) and a 
we can all agree that our veterans deserve the very best we can offer when they return home. While we can never repay them for their heroism and bravery, we can reaffirm our appreciation by doing everything in our power to help them transition back to civilian life. My amendment would help us do just that. 
This amendment requires the Department of Transportation and the Department of Defense to work together to help veterans transition into civilian jobs driving commercial trucks. It would help them obtain commercial driver’s licenses, as outlined in a report commissioned by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 2 years ago. This report was done at the direction of the last surface transportation bill, MAP–21, and my amendment requires DOT and DOD to work together to implement the report’s recommendations. 
Along with improving access to quality health care, one of the most important ways we need to help veterans is connecting them with job opportunities. Encouraging local businesses to hire more veterans is one step, but helping our veterans translate those skills they used in the military is a crucial part of putting our veterans back to work. 
vehicles in the military struggle to put these skills to work when they return home because of unnecessary and burdensome regulations. My amendment makes it easier for veterans to put their skills to work by requiring the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s report recommendations be put into effect. 
Please allow me to explain. My amendment writes into law the 
recommendations that States can waive driving skills tests if a veteran certifies that he or she was employed in the military in a position operating a commercial motor vehicle, or CMV, during the last year. This was included in the underlying bill, for which I applaud the majority and minority for their efforts; however, my amendment goes a bit further. 
helps create an abbreviated commercial driver’s license skills test for States to give military drivers who do not have the experience operating vehicles with air brakes or manual transmissions. 
recommendations of the report, directs the military services to work with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators to clarify options available to servicemembers and veterans to obtain existing information on military licenses, military CMV driver history, and military CMV experience. 
by our men and women in uniform who have risked and sacrificed so much to keep us safe and free. As we focus on growing our economy, we need to keep our veterans in mind as we seek to expand job opportunities. This amendment will help us do just that. 
The study commissioned by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration was 2 years ago. It is time to put that into action and to get our veterans back to work. This is about getting our veterans what they have earned and deserve, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I appreciate the gentleman from California bringing this amendment forward. 
to issue regulations by the end of this year to implement recommendations of a report to Congress on assisting veterans in acquiring a commercial driver’s license. However, the bill does not address the nonregulatory recommendations. This amendment does that. It requires the Secretary to implement those recommendations within a year. 
assist our veterans in making the transition to civilian life. I urge all Members to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AGUILAR. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . HAHN  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a study and report the findings of such study to the appropriate committees of Congress regarding the feasibility, costs, and 
economic impact of burying power lines underground. Such study shall include the potential costs and benefits of burying power lines underground when building new roads. 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer the HahnCicilline amendment to the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015. Our committee has been putting in many months, some would say even years, in writing this bill. So it is actually a great day to see this bill finally come on the floor. 
DEFAZIO, and the entire Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for our hard work in crafting this legislation. 
If I might just take a moment at this 
point to give a farewell and a rest in peace to Howard Coble, who was a good member of our Transportation Committee, who served in the Coast Guard. In fact, we named our Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. We will miss him. He was a good member of our committee. 
our Nation’s roadways safer and, also, more scenic by directing the Secretary of Transportation to study the benefits and costs of undergrounding power lines. 
are due to fallen trees or weather events, and an additional 8 percent are caused by traffic accidents. 
roadways are safer from downed lines during storms, service to customers is more reliable, and our roadways will simply be more beautiful to drive on. 
as a result of collisions with utility poles. In fact, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, about 20 percent of all highway deaths are due to power line poles and traffic barriers. 
this amendment asks the Secretary to evaluate if this is feasible and to share with Congress its findings. 
We should take this highway authorization as an opportunity to make our highways safer and more scenic. 
a leader in undergrounding power lines. In 1967, California began encouraging and directing utility providers to allocate a portion of their budgets to replace overhead cables with underground cables. This has been a good start, but I think we could do more in this country. 
by Lady Bird, who signed the Highway Beautification Act in 1965 to limit unsightly roadside mess. Upon the bill’s passage, President 
Johnson said, ‘‘Beauty belongs to all the people. And so long as I am President, what has been divinely given to nature will not be taken recklessly away by man.’’ 
through the DOT, we can begin to see where these conversions make sense across this country. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
Mr. SHUSTER. I, as always, appreciate the gentlewoman from California and her hard work. She is a valued member of the committee. 
to do with transportation policy. I think it is a good thing when you bury power lines for a lot of reasons—appearance, weather, all those things— but I really don’t believe this is a Federal issue, nor do I believe the U.S. Department of Transportation is the appropriate agency to determine the costs and benefits of burying power lines. 
the companies and their costbenefit analysis to determine that and not to underwrite or subsidize their operation by doing this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) to speak in support of this 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her extraordinary leadership on this effort. 
amendment. This amendment would require the Secretary to conduct a study of the feasibility, costs, and economic impact of burying power lines underground. 
electric grid loses power 285 percent more often than it did in 1984, when data collection efforts on blackouts began. 
According to the Department of Energy, that costs American businesses as much as $150 billion per year, with weatherrelated disruptions costing the most per event. 
just 18 percent of U.S. transmission lines, yet nearly all new residential and commercial developments opt for underground electric service. 
than 6.5 million people in the United States lost power, including more than 30 percent of the residents living in my home State of Rhode Island, as well as Connecticut and Maryland. 
simple, straightforward amendment so that we can begin to create a more reliable and resilient electric grid. 
being advanced by Scenic America to help restore and modernize the Highway Beautification Act that Congresswoman HAHNjust made reference to. 
A group of us, including this extraordinary gentlewoman from California, have been in a working group trying to work on legislation to really restore and modernize the Highway Beautification Act, and Scenic America has really taken the lead in this work. 
I think the words of Lady Bird Johnson that the gentlewoman just recited are incredibly important. This is an important first step to just get information to understand the economic impact of burying power lines, what a difference it will make not only in terms of the scenic beauty of our highways, 
but also to businesses, and to prevent the economic loss that happens both to individuals and businesses. 
thank the gentlewoman for her great leadership. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chair, as you said, Scenic America is working on different ways in this country to beautify our landscape. I believe that this transportation bill was the appropriate place to do this, as this is about highways and our roads in this country. 
But, having the disapproval and opposition of my chairman—it wasn’t that strong, but it was a disapproval— I will agree to withdraw this amendment, and we will work with Scenic America to find another way to bring the undergrounding of our utilities forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island, although I oppose his amendment. 
gentleman if he would commit to working with Congresswoman HAHN and I 
and a group of others that are really interested in restoring and modernizing the Highway Beautification Act so that we might work collaboratively on restoring some of those important provisions. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I appreciate the gentleman pushing this issue. Again, as I said, burying power lines I think is a positive thing. It does add to the beauty of the landscape. But I just don’t believe that it is the Federal Government’s role to underwrite, the taxpayers to underwrite, these utility companies. 
So, again, I appreciate the withdrawal. I appreciate your pushing this issue. I continue to oppose the amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following new section: 
Chapter 3 of title 23, United States Code, is 
‘green stormwater infrastructure’ refers to stormwater management techniques that address the quality or quantity of stormwater related to highway construction or due to highway runoff. 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall develop and publish best practices and guidance for the installation, use and maintenance of green stormwater infrastructure, including the adoption of permeable, pervious, or porous paving materials or other practices and systems that are designed to minimize environmental impacts of stormwater runoff and flooding. 
best practices, guidelines, and technical assistance for the installation and use of green stormwater technologies, including— 
the date of publication of the guidance under this paragraph, and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall update the guidance, as applicable.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) and a 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, small towns and cities alike have reasons to manage their storm water runoff. Our streams, rivers, lakes, and estuaries are all at risk of dangerous pollution following a downpour. 
Washington know this full well, and places like Puyallup, Washington, are actually finding ways to adjust their 
Since 2009, Puyallup has helped residents install rain gardens to absorb the rainfall. These rain gardens are linked by pipes that collect the excess water from the roofs and direct it to the gardens rather than to the streets and then into the sewer. 
great ideas that are innovated throughout this country in places like Puyallup. 
success on the ground by simply asking the Department of Transportation to develop best practices for storm water management, to collect the information, and a guide on how to implement, install, and maintain green storm water infrastructure, and help any State that requests help with the development of such a plan—a voluntary program, not a requirement, no new money. 
Many of these innovative infrastructure practices—permeable pavement, natural drainage swales, green roofs— are economical and increase property values and invest in the people that make their careers designing and building these inventions. 
yield a strong return on investment. The people of Puyallup, Washington, get that. 
that we can’t let water carry oil from our cars, pesticide from our lawns, and other pollutants into Clarks Creek or the Puyallup River or the Puget Sound. 
economy or a desirable location for business and living. We can’t let runoff kill, as an example, our cherished Coho salmon. 
of these innovative economical ideas to manage our storm water and to get DOT involved. 
money, no mandatory program, just a way to get the information out, which the Federal U.S. DOT is in the perfect position to collect and make available. 
from the Sixth Congressional District of Washington (Mr. KILMER ). 
pride in the Puget Sound and we understand that it is in danger. That is why I join my colleague today to talk about the treasures the Sound holds: the water, the salmon, the oysters, the orcas, an entire ecosystem that is currently under attack. This is a threat that happens every time a thunderstorm or a rain strikes cities like Tacoma. 
wash toxic mixtures of oil and heavy metals off of our city streets and highways and into waterways like Puget Sound. The Seattle Times recently wrote 
about a new study that found some runoff was so toxic that it killed Coho salmon in 2
about, but this storm water mix creates a pollution that lingers. Folks in the region I represent are doing groundbreaking work putting in green storm water infrastructure to capture this runoff before it hits our waters. 
green roofs, and natural drainage swales. Instead of letting storm water slide along and collect more dirt and grime and end up in our bodies of water, it captures it. 
growth of these projects. It would give our local governments and places like Tacoma and Puyallup and elsewhere a clear playbook on the most effective ways to implement green storm water infrastructure. 
Government and local stakeholders can be partners in cleaning up our waters. This matters. It matters to Tacoma and other cities. It matters to bodies of water like the Puget Sound. 
spot, but it is taking a toll on Puget Sound and other bodies of water. That is why this amendment is important. That is why I encourage my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FORTEN BERRY ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I certainly understand what the gentleman from Washington is trying to accomplish here. 
of what he is attempting to do, but the Federal Highway Administration currently has strongly supported and encouraged the use and implementation of green infrastructure in the Federal aid transportation projects to mitigate highway runoff impacts. 
storm water runoff model, and it is engaged in various storm water research, including storm water performance measures. 
also is part of a Federal agency green infrastructure collaborative. This initiative includes working with States to implement integrated ecosystems, including landscapescale mitigation. So I don’t believe we need to legislate further on this. 
night, we agreed to the amendment of Ms. EDWARDS of Maryland on storm 
water mitigation to put the States in the metropolitan planning process. 
Again, I understand what the gentleman is trying to accomplish. I think it is already in the legislation. I think it is already in current law, so I would oppose the amendment 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
due respect to the chair of the committee, that isn’t included in the current legislation and is clearly not the intent of the amendment. The intent of the amendment is to ask them to accumulate best practices. Yes, they have programs where they promote and they advocate. This is to ask them to go out and find these programs like we talked about in Puyallup which are unusual and innovative and which aren’t yet in the manual so that they can share. This is information sharing on a scale that they don’t currently do. 
with a serious problem; but given the Chair’s opposition to this, I will only ask that he consider taking a deeper dive into what we are trying to accomplish here because it solves a problem. 
continue to work with the gentleman. The gentleman is correct. It is not in current law, but the Federal Highway Administration is working on these things collaboratively with the States, and I think that we ought to let them continue at that pace. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
Act, including the amendments made by this Act, may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the DavisBacon Act). 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this is an amendment that I have offered in the past, and it will be known as the amendment that eliminates the effect of the DavisBacon Act. The substance of it is this: 
this act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage, which is the effect of this amendment, and it is effectively the 
DavisBacon Act. It seems to get the attention of some of my colleagues. 
have worked with this issue as long as anyone in the United States Congress. I have worked back for years, as I began about 5 years in the construction site as an employee. Multiple times I received DavisBacon wage scales; sometimes I did not. 
began hiring employees. Sometimes we paid DavisBacon wage scales, and sometimes we did not; but I was always aggravated by the Federal Government’s deciding that they knew what we had to pay our help and what they were worth. 
the House of Representatives when people from the other side of the aisle would say that anytime there is a relationship between two or more people that are consenting adults, the Federal Government has no business sticking themselves in the middle of that relationship. Yet the DavisBacon Act tells me what my son, who is now sitting in the gallery, has to pay me if I am going to climb in the seat of one of his machines, say an excavator, a scraper, a bulldozer, or a motor grader. 
So we are 40 years in the construction business. I have watched the inefficiencies that are created by the DavisBacon Act. You might need somebody on a shovel, and he decides it pays more to get on a motor grade; or you might need somebody on a scraper, and he decides it pays more to get on a bulldozer. This wrecks the efficiency as well as puts an extra high price on the cost of the products that are being produced under the contracting business in the United States. 
that over our years in the construction business, the extra costs for Davis Bacon ranges somewhere between 8 and 38 percent additional, depending on the type of project and the location where you are. The average is someplace between 20 and 22 percent. 
So to boil this all down, if we want to 
be responsible to the taxpayer, then we want to get the best dollar out of that. 
secondrate work. That would be a direct insult to me. It would be a direct insult to my son, who owns King Construction today and who is listening to this debate. Our quality work stands with anyone’s, and it is superior to many; and sometimes it is DavisBacon wage scale, and sometimes it is not. But we know what they are worth. The government doesn’t know what they are worth. We want to hire the best help, keep the best help, and keep the best help on. That is just here in this microcosm of King Construction, but it is extrapolated across the Nation. 
So do we want to build 4 miles of 
road under governmentmandated wages or do we want to build 5? I want to build the 5 miles. I want to build five bridges, not four. I want the best dollar for the taxpayers, and I want the 
highest efficiency that we can get. That is the substance of this amendment, and I urge its adoption. 
America in 1931 when people were desperate, and unscrupulous contractors would move people from place to place, put them in work camps, and undercut the wages in communities. The wisdom of the Congress back then was this is not proper. Communities have different wage rates. 
This is not a diktat from Washington, D.C., about the wages. It says you will pay the wages that prevail in your community. For instance, in the gentleman’s community, the median wage is $49,427. But under DavisBacon, an electrician—a pretty darned skilled person in my opinion—would only get $36,500 if they get the minimum Davis Bacon wage. So I don’t see that that is outrageous. 
the abuse of construction workers and people, moving them from place to place, bringing them from a very low cost State and saying: Hey, when you go home, you are going to be doing good. We will put you in a little work camp and a tent. You come here to this State; you undercut all the local workers; you do the job; and you go home. We don’t want to go back to those days. Those were not halcyon days in America. 
people with a living wage, certainly not an extravagant wage. I don’t think $36,500 for an electrician in Iowa is an extravagant wage, and I don’t see why we should pull that floor out from underneath them and say: Oh, hey, well, that is a little too high. We want to be able to pay our electricians less than that. 
to the bottom like we have in too many other things in this country, our trade agreements and a whole host of other things that are going on that are creating income inequality. This will exacerbate income inequality. This amendment should be defeated. 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the 
application and payment of prevailing wages provided under the DavisBacon Act for funds expended on construction projects in this bill. 
standards for federally assisted construction projects to ensure that contractors compete on the quality of their work, not by undercutting wage levels in local communities. Negating the application of wage laws, as the King amendment proposes to do, often leads to shoddy construction and substantial cost overruns. 
of the amendment. The fact is that the census construction data shows that the value added per worker in States with prevailing wage laws is 13 to 15 percent higher than in States without prevailing wage laws. 
the University of Utah have found that repealing the prevailing wage has led to the reduction or elimination of apprenticeship programs. Mr. Chairman, this is National Apprenticeship Week. We should be promoting the participation in apprenticeship programs, not taking up measures that would negatively impact this critical job training tool. 
Under prevailing wage laws, contractors are forced to compete on the basis of who can best train, equip, and manage construction crews, not on the basis of who can assemble the cheapest, most exploitable workforce either locally or by importing labor from somewhere else. 
been bipartisan opposition to repealing or suspending the DavisBacon Act in infrastructure programs. Let’s continue that bipartisan tradition on prevailing wages by voting ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I thought I had actually made the statement, I thought my good friend from Virginia would pick this up, that it isn’t about shoddy construction work that can be laid at the feet of merit shop operations. I am standing here on my feet in my boots having done all kinds of work for lots of years, and so has my family, going back about five generations. Our work has been competing with and superior to that of many, and there is nothing in the record of our company that anyone could point to other than quality and efficiency. 
apprentice program is because you can’t afford to hire somebody and train them unless the government is willing to let you pay them less than the prevailing wage. That is what the apprentice program is. I have been one, and I have been bounced out of there because of the DavisBacon Act. 
listen to the gentleman about how we are going to prevent people from moving people in from a lowwage area to a highwage area to take a higher wage or perhaps undercut the existing wage 
that is there, that is what started the DavisBacon Act. It wasn’t to keep the low wages out. It was to keep African Americans out of New York City during the Depression when there was a large Federal building contract, and a contractor successfully bid that job. He was from out of town and he brought his crews in from Alabama, African Americans from Alabama, to do the work cheaper than the union scale would do in New York. That is what brought about this DavisBacon Act. 
When the Federal Government decides they are going to tell people what they have to pay their employees, they are the last people that actually know what that is worth. When you have to compete in this real world where equipment is expensive and time is priceless and we have strict specifications, strong engineers, bonds—bid bonds and performance bonds—and insurance contracts, we have to be efficient, and we have to be professional. We have to be able to not only do this as well as anyone, but more efficiently than anyone. That is what the merit shop does. 
their feet in our operation. They want the company to be successful. When I send people out on a DavisBacon job, they are out there sometimes rolling clods because they know that it pays them to roll clods rather than get the job done. That is our expression, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
Mr. Chairman, this is actually a pretty simple question, and I know my friend from Iowa tends to see this question through the lens of his own personal experience and his own company, but, frankly, this is a bigger question than that. 
Government has a stake in how it spends its money and that the Federal Government ought to be able to say that when we fund construction projects, we don’t want contractors to simply pick the cheapest labor they can. Sure, we may want to build more roads, but we want to make sure those roads last. It is not just a matter of how many miles you build, but whether or not they are going to be done in a way that makes sure that the quality of the work matches the investment that this country is making. 
gentleman’s point. I can just tell you about my own experience having done development and construction in one of the toughest markets in America, big 
construction and small jobs. I always knew when we paid a prevailing wage that the work was going to be done on time and it was going to be done with quality. 
doesn’t it seem to me and all of us here that cheap is not always better, and that we owe it to the American people to deliver to them a product that is consistent with the quality that they would like to see in their own home? When you go to buy material or when you go to hire a contractor yourself for your own home, you don’t say to yourself, ‘‘Who is the lowest cost provider I can get?’’ You want to make sure the job is done right. 
a raise. We don’t need the Federal Government to participate in this race to the bottom in undercutting local economies by paying people less than they are worth. We have lost enough in this country. It is time to end this. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield back the balance of my time. 
As a son of a union worker in Snohomish 
County, Washington, I know how important prevailing wages can be for middle class families. 
wage—it’s set by the Department of Labor after surveying local labor. 
But it’s a living wage, one that has helped 
build middle class economies in my district in places like Everett and Lynnwood. 
DavisBacon standards also ensure that taxpayers are getting their money’s worth when it comes to construction projects. 
projects are built by more experienced and more productive construction workers. 
projects that save money over their lifetime which is especially important because poor and crumbling infrastructure hurts everyone. 
our transportation infrastructure, and we shouldn’t cut corners when it comes to hiring construction workers. 
Workers deserve to be paid fair wages. I ask my colleagues to support middle class 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . LARSEN OF  
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Add at the end of title II the following: 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary shall make available an expedited application process or processes available at the request of entities seeking secured loans under this chapter that use a set or sets of conventional terms established pursuant to this section. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ) and a 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 114–326 be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. 
Modification to amendment No. 13 offered by Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
In lieu of amendment #13 printed in Part A 
Add at the end of title II the following: 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary shall make available an expedited application process or processes available at the request of entities seeking secured loans under this chapter that use a set or sets of conventional terms established pursuant to this section. 
commonly included in prior credit agreements and allow for an expedited application period, including— 
the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the modification. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment is modified. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
Chairman, I have heard from many midsize cities in my district that they often struggle to compete with larger cities for Federal transportation funding. 
just as significant as those of larger cities, the administrative burden of accessing TIGER grants or TIFIA loans is often too great. My amendment addresses that difficulty by improving access to TIFIA loans. 
source for bigger projects, sponsors of smaller projects can be discouraged from using it because the application process is complicated and requires more resources than these cities can muster. 
Secretary to provide an expedited process for TIFIA applications that are less than $100 million and backed by real revenue. These are smaller, lower risk projects that aren’t happening because States and localities might be scared off by the long and involved TIFIA loan application process. 
these smaller, lower risk projects, we can open access to Federal resources for smaller cities and counties that we represent. 
that puts more power in the hands of State and local governments, something I know that my colleagues can support. 
made other improvements to the TIFIA process in the underlying bill, and my amendment complements these improvements in a straightforward way. I would appreciate the support of the leadership on the committee for this amendment. 
I ask support of my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I support the gentleman’s commonsense amendment. As usual, he brings common sense to the table. 
This amendment does and will accelerate the approval of TIFIA credit assistance for certain projects. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ), 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . CULBERSON  
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
‘‘(iv) the applicant shall have a current operating ratio, as such ratio is set forth by the Federal Transit Administration using the ratio of current assets to current liabilities, of 1:1.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) and a 
of our principal responsibilities here is to be good stewards of our constituents’ hardearned tax dollars. It is a responsibility that I know each one of us takes very seriously. 
that we apply the same commonsense standards to the investment of our constituents’ hardearned tax dollars that we do in the investment of our own dollars. 
money or invest money in a business that was so poorly managed that it took on more debt than they could manage. You wouldn’t put your money in a company that had taken on so much debt that their debt exceeded their liabilities. And, certainly, if you were applying for a bank loan, a bank would not loan your business money if your business had more debt than it had assets. 
tax dollars in a transit agency that has more debt than they do liabilities. 
My amendment ensures that the minimum assettodebt ratio that a transit entity can have is 1:1. It is common sense. This is sort of a working guideline that I know the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, on which I work, and the Federal Transit Administration has for years wanted to be sure that the agencies out there— 
transit entities across America—have no more debt than they do assets. 
Government will not issue a Federal transit grant to an agency that has a ratio of current assets to debt that exceeds 1:1, very straightforward, very simple. 
earned tax dollars in the same way we would protect our own. In fact, it is actually a much higher obligation that we have to be good stewards of the Treasury, as responsible representatives. 
I urge adoption of this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
say the least. There is no measure of assets done regularly for our transit systems in America. In fact, the only measurement that is done is that we have an $84 billion—B, billion—backlog to bring our existing transit systems up to a state of good repair. That means, basically, I am sure everybody would fail this test. 
So if you want to do away with transit in America and get them out of the trust fund—something that Ronald Reagan made a high priority, and he put transit into the trust fund. He was the first Republican to support that, and they have been in ever since. 
centers. They are the engines of economic growth in this country, and we can’t ignore them. We need to be able to move people efficiently in those urban areas. 
proportion of the trust fund—about 20 percent, generally—going into transit. 
That is not adequate, as it is not adequate for bridges; 140,000 need replacement or repair. It is not adequate for highways; 40 percent of the system is failing and it needs total rebuilding. 
But an $84 billion backlog in transit—they are killing people right here in the Nation’s Capital because of the state of disrepair. It is an embarrassment. 
United States of America who makes money. So what is this about? I don’t get it. We are not lending money for them to make a profit and pay off loans. They all receive Federal support, and they need more Federal support. In fact, in my travels, I have only 
been one place where they claim the transit district made money, which is Hong Kong. I urge you to go ride there at rush hour and see if you enjoy that experience. It is not very good here either. 
to make money. And I don’t know if they really do. That is a Communist dominated state. So it is probably not true. 
to tell the truth. I would urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, my 
colleague from Oregon is confusing the issue here. The amendment is very straightforward. 
itself. The applicant transit agency has to have a current operating ratio of current assets to current liabilities of 1:1. They have to have the same current level of debt as they do assets in order to be eligible to apply for a Federal transit grant. 
is about making sure the taxpayers are not going to give another brick to a transit agency that has already got too much debt and is overloaded and is in a position where they may not be able to take full advantage of the grant. Taxpayers, our constituents, should not have to put their hardearned tax dollars into a transit agency that is carrying more debt than they have assets. This is very straightforward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Texas for him to name a transit agency that has gone bankrupt recently. 
spoke to the chairman of the Houston Metropolitan Transit Authority yesterday, and he tells me that their asset todebt ratio—they have got assets. 
don’t know what and who is running that thing. 
They have not gone bankrupt. They are still operating. 
had, that I am aware of, any major TIFIA loans or anything go into default. 
search of a problem that doesn’t exist. We have no transit agencies that are making money. I don’t anticipate we ever will have a transit agency that makes money. No one in the world operates transit agencies that make money. 
It is a public service to mitigate congestion and provide for our major urban areas to move people more efficiently with a partnership between the Federal Government and local authorities. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, 
this is not about making money. The Houston Metropolitan Transit Authority chairman yesterday told me that their assettodebt ratio is about 2:3:1. So they have got 2 to 3 times more assets than they do debt. 
that we will, as good stewards of our taxpayers’ hardearned dollars, only send Federal transportation grants to transit agencies like Houston Metro that have done a good job managing their responsibilities and their assets are at least on par with their debt. That is all it says. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
colleague from Oregon is confusing the issue. This isn’t about making money. This isn’t about repaying the money. 
constituents’ hardearned tax dollars are going to be wisely and carefully and prudently sent only to those transit agencies that have proven they can do a good job, that they don’t have more debt currently than they have current assets. 
ratio of current assets to current liabilities of 1:1. 
Metro would qualify for this. There are transit agencies all over America that would qualify for this. 
Let’s make sure that the transit entity, before they ask for our constituents’ hardearned tax dollars, have demonstrated that they are competent and capable of managing the money that they already have on hand and they don’t have more debt than they can carry. 
I urge passage of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
money from New York City, Washington, D.C., probably Baltimore, Boston—I don’t know—anyone who has a legacy transportation system that actually, until Ronald Reagan was President, pretty much was built without Federal dollars and run without Federal support and they have huge backlogs in terms of bringing them up to a state of good repair, 120, 130yearold tunnels. 
put the money in the places which have the most modern transportation systems, built most recently, and probably built since Federal support was put in place by Ronald Reagan and stick it to the ones who did it on their own 130, 140 years ago and have been struggling to keep up and only had a partnership with the Federal Government since Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. 
an operation anytime anybody applies for a TIFIA loan or anything else. They 
going to be able to repay those loans at the fare box, out of the fare box, out of operating costs, not what their assets to liabilities are. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 15 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title I (page 233, after line 8), 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever a child restraint system was in use in a vehicle involved in a crash: 
system was in use during the crash, whether the child restraint system was forwardfacing or rearfacing in the vehicle concerned. 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. 
amendment is simple. It is identical to language that appeared in the Senate version of the transportation bill that required improved data collection on the types of child restraint systems in use whenever a child is present during a car crash. 
LOVE as a cosponsor of this amendment, and I thank her for her support. 
amendments to work through today and a long evening ahead of us; so, in the interest of time, I will keep my remarks brief. 
requires revisions to the crash investigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in an effort to save children’s lives. The more we know about the type of child restraint system used, how it was used, and the outcome of that use, the more we will be able to avert future tragedies. 
required by this amendment, the Secretary will be required to submit a report to Congress on the performance of various child restraint systems. It is my hope that we will join together at that time to craft new legislation that addresses what we learn. 
Again, this is a bipartisan amendment, Mr. Chair. I believe it is a good amendment, and I think we have an opportunity to save children’s lives. 
I urge support for this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is not in our jurisdiction. It is in the Energy and Commerce Committee’s jurisdiction. I understand the Energy and Commerce Committee supports the amendment, so we support the amendment also. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
Mr. D EFAZIO. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
that the chairman does not oppose and that the committee of jurisdiction does not oppose. 
It is very timely. We just had a study 
about child safety seats which raises questions about rearfacing seats, and I think this comprehensive data would be very, very important as we move forward, potentially changing the guidelines on how we restrain children in vehicles to better protect them. 
bringing this amendment forward, and I hope that it is accepted. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG). 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title III of division A, insert 
law, Federal financial assistance may not be provided for any project or activity to establish, maintain, operate, or otherwise support a streetcar service. This section does not apply to a contract entered into before the date of enactment of this Act. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and a 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, streetcars, also known as trollies, are mass transit vehicles that operate on rail lines embedded in normal roadways, often drawing electrical power from overhead structures. 
Transportation awarded $432 million for streetcar projects in 14 cities throughout the country. 
from a public transit standpoint. Like a bus, but unlike a train, a streetcar’s speed is constrained by the speed of traffic around them. Unlike a bus, however, they are bound by their tracks. If anything blocks the tracks, such as an accident or a construction project, the entire line shuts down, making it an inefficient form of transportation. 
Streetcars are costly to build and operate. They require extensive infrastructure, including tracks and overhead power, that is not required for buses. Per passenger, per mile, they are also significantly and consistently more costly to operate than buses. According to a 2013 Journal of Public Transportation study, they fail or are at the bottom of all efficient forms of transportation. 
can find no clear evidence that streetcars increase transit ridership. Streetcar corridors that saw economic growth often benefited from other substantial subsidies. It is unclear if streetcars contributed to this growth. 
The main argument for this amendment, which would prohibit future funding, is that it would establish Federal prohibitions on any financial assistance to establish, maintain, operate, or otherwise support a streetcar service unless there is a current contract in place that would be entered 
often their psychological appeal. While this is appreciated, it is also very subjective, and it depends on the sentiments of tourists or local communities. They are more comparable to water taxis or Ferris wheels than to buses and light rail. The Department of Transportation is not in a good position to judge how tourists and locals will feel about a streetcar project. The agency, therefore, lacks the insight to predict the success of a project. 
from the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery grant program, or TIGER program. TIGER is an extremely competitive program with 20 times more applicants than there is money available. Recent rule changes are expected to make it easier for streetcars to receive funding from the Capital Investment Grant Program, also known as the New Starts and Small Starts program. 
requested $3.2 billion for this program for FY 2016, including $75 million for streetcar projects, and at least six more are under development. 
Any further grant awards for streetcar projects will divert scarce Federal funding from other highpriority transportation projects. While we appreciate all forms of transportation, our infrastructure, our national defense, and the vitality of our commerce on our roads beg for more efficient means of transportation for our dollars, which are limited. 
projects, for example, attract riders with higher quality stations and buses, traffic lanes that are fully or partially dedicated to buses, and more reliable, frequent service. Unlike for streetcars, there is objective evidence that the BRT tends to increase transit ridership and decrease trip time, according to the Government Accountability Office. 
Streetcar projects are expensive, uncertain gambles that depend on subjective local and tourist sentiments more than on objective facts. It is for that reason—as we face a $19 trillion deficit and as we face foreign policy challenges abroad that require contingency dollars and as we look at husbanding the strength for our transportation— that my amendment would make sure that these resources are used in their proper place. 
risk their own funds, like in my home State of Oklahoma. Oklahoma City recently passed a $129 million downtown streetcar project, which its own citizens approved, without using Federal funds. While municipalities may desire streetcars, they should not do it with other Americans’ money. 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
communities across America what form of transit they could put into their urban areas to solve problems of congestion and the efficient movement of people from place to place. 
destinations. Yes, some may relate to tourist destinations; others may relate to medical facilities, as in Portland, Oregon, where the streetcar terminates at the Oregon Health & Science University. It also then utilizes a tram, which is at both the bottom and the top of the hill. It is used by many patients and others who have to get there. So these are not just toy things or things 
that are used for tourists. They are used to solve congestion problems in major urban areas. They are also incredible tools for economic development. 
Portland, they revitalized a whole section of the city, which generated $3.5 billion in private economic development because the line was there. They didn’t get any Federal money, but they built their projects adjacent to that line, which also provided a builtin ridership. Many people who reside in those pretty highend apartments actually don’t own cars, and they utilize the streetcar. 
million in investment. Atlanta, Georgia, has a very successful program. Tucson, Arizona, has seen an incredible initial ridership, far exceeding projections. Cities across America are finding great success with streetcars; so to deny them this tool on some sort of arbitrary basis, I think, is unwarranted. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, how 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, no research supports clear economic growth, according to the Congressional Research Service. While there may be other factors—usually with heavy government subsidies—that also contribute to this growth, it does not have any delineation toward streetcars. 
protects scarce resources. In a nation that has an incredible deficit problem, we have to get to the point at which we can have priorities. This focuses on priorities. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
could not disagree more with my friend from Oklahoma City. 
developed mechanism that 30 communities across the country are involved 
with right now, and they all invest their own money, including Oklahoma City. I find it ironic that somehow there is this notion that people are picking this out of the air as a toy or arts and crafts. That is not the case. 
over 30 years, since I initiated a project for Portland’s streetcar. I would be happy to introduce the gentleman to businesspeople, to local government. Actually, my friend from Oregon understated it. It is $4.5 billion. It is happening in Seattle, in Tacoma. I was in New York—in Brooklyn—this Friday, where they are looking at a streetcar. It is an extraordinarily efficient way to concentrate development. It encourages private investment. It extends the pedestrian experience. It is part of the toolkit. 
Chamber. I was going to ask him if he knew that, in his Oklahoma City, there is a TIGER grant that is going to build three blocks of rail line starting in 2016. It was a choice of Oklahoma City. They thought the TIGER grant was so important that they are using Federal money in a project that is supplementing local money. 
ranking member, in that we shouldn’t take this tool away from communities, large and small, across the country. From Kenosha, Wisconsin, to Los Angeles, people are understanding that the streetcar has a vital role in revitalizing communities, in giving people more choices, in focusing economic development; and it is why the tram—the streetcar—is ubiquitous across the world. It is why we now have 30 cities that are doing it. 
I would argue, if you look at the billions of dollars we have invested in transportation projects, less than a half a billion dollars that people competed for very aggressively, for these TIGER grants, is money well spent. It is well spent in my community. Some people might warrant Bus Rapid Transit, like my colleague from Oregon has in Eugene. 
worth. Communities around the country, from Cincinnati to Dallas, Texas, are doing it because it works. It would be a tragic mistake to approve an amendment that would take this tool away from communities that decide to do it and would like to supplement their local resources with Federal money, like is happening in Oklahoma City next year. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title III of division A, add the 
the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority established under Article III of the Compact. 
made on or after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Transit Authority. 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) and a 
and I have an amendment that is at the desk, and I don’t have to tell my colleagues who ride Metro every day to and from work of the issues that WMATA Metro has had with safety, performance, and management. 
Secretary of the United States Department of Transportation the authority to appoint the four Federal members to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Board. Currently, the General Services Administration has this sole authority and shares oversight responsibilities of the Federal board members with the U.S. Department of Transportation. The WMATA board determines the agency’s policy and provides oversight for the funding, operation, and expansion of transit facilities. 
and she has introduced a bill in the Senate that is cosponsored by all three other local Senators: Senators CARDIN , 
had, the Secretary of Transportation is also aware of this issue and is supportive of the Department of Transportation taking over. The General Services Administration has stated that ‘‘this was never in our wheelhouse.’’ And WMATA does not oppose this change. 
MEADOWS and Ranking Members C UMMINGS and C ONNOLLY for working with 
us since the amendment also falls under the jurisdiction of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. They have cleared this amendment. 
our late colleague—and former colleague on the Transportation Committee—Howard Coble, who died last night. He represented the Sixth Congressional District of North Carolina, including the town I was born in, Yanceyville, North Carolina. He will be sorely missed by all of us and his long time constituents and his service with us. May he rest in peace. 
I reserve the balance of my time. I don’t have to tell my colleagues, some of 
who ride Metro each day to and from work, of the issues the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) has had with safety, performance, and management. 
The Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (PRIIA, Public Law 110–432), included the National Capital Transportation Amendments Act, a bill authorizing $1.5 billion in federal funding for WMATA capital improvements. It was because of this federal investment and WMATA’s large federal employee ridership that the National Capital Region Congressional Delegation created the federal board members. 
Board from twelve members from Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Virginia to include sixteen members, establishing the four new federal member positions. The Delegation also believed that these federal board members would not be wrapped up in jurisdictional politics. Often board members from the jurisdictions do not recommend what is needed because their jurisdiction does not have the money. 
Delegation gave the appointment authority to the General Services Administration (GSA) because at the time, it seemed the best federal agency to represent the overall federal workforce. Approximately forty percent of WMATA’s ridership is federal employees. 
U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) the authority to appoint the four federal members to the WMATA Board. Currently, the GSA has this sole authority and shares oversight responsibilities of the federal board members with USDOT. The WMATA Board determines the agency’s policy and provides oversight for the funding, operation, and expansion of transit facilities. 
issue and she has introduced a bill in the Senate that this amendment is based on. S. 2093 is cosponsored by all 3 other local Senators, Senators CARDIN , WARNER , and K AINE. 
Secretary Foxx is aware of this issue and is supportive of USDOT taking over. GSA has stated that ‘‘this never was in our wheelhouse.’’ And WMATA does not oppose. I want to thank Chairs CHAFFETZ & M EADOWS and Ranking Members C UMMINGS & C ONNOLLY for working with us since the amendment falls under the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee’s jurisdiction. It is my understanding they have cleared this amendment. 
Since the creation of the federal board positions in 2008, GSA has not played an active role in oversight of the federal board members. GSA does not have any expertise about what it takes to operate a transit system, nor does it have any experience. 
oversight of the federal board members and trying to correct WMATA’s myriad problems. WMATA’s serious safety, operational, and financial issues have all been documented by USDOT. The Secretary of USDOT and the Federal Transit Administration have been working directly with the federal board members and the transit agency to get things fixed. The federal board members and USDOT are in regular communication. 
In addition, the local delegation led by Senator MIKULSKI has been providing the federal 
finding authorized in PRIIA in the annual Transportation & HUD (THUD) Appropriations Bill. For the last seven years, bill and report language has been included requiring strict oversight by the USDOT Secretary on how these taxpayer dollars are spent. 
Before I close, I would like to remember our 
late colleague, Howard Coble, who died last night. He represented the 6th Congressional District of North Carolina, including the town that I was born in, Yanceyville. Howard will be sorely missed by all of us and his longtime constituents. May he rest in peace. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, although I don’t oppose the amendment, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, this particular amendment really is in the jurisdiction of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. They are in favor of the amendment, so we are going to urge our colleagues to support it. We are not going to oppose it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to say it has been a real pleasure to be able to work with Mrs. COMSTOCK on this amendment. It is 
very rare that we have opportunities to work across the aisle and also across the Capitol to make sure that we are doing the right thing for our transit system here in the metropolitan Washington area that serves so many millions of both Federal workers and tourists from all of our different States and jurisdictions. 
Services Administration in this day and age is probably not the most appropriate place for the appointment of these members of the board. It is dutifully to be placed with the Department of Transportation to which they have 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 428, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 428, line 23, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Beginning on page 449, strike line 5 and all 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ) and a 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair, ranking member, and all the colleagues who worked so hard on bringing this legislation to the floor. 
My amendment is really about improving this bill. It is going to make it a better bill, and it is about making our Nation’s roads safer and the delivery of goods more efficient. 
road each year driving more than 93 billion miles annually, carrying over a billion dollars’ worth of goods. There is no question that our Nation’s trucking industry is a huge economic driver, earning $650 billion annually, 5 percent of the United States GDP. 
bit of rain. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said that in 2013 almost 4,000 people were killed and 95,000 people were injured by large trucks, costing the public a whopping $100 billion annually. So my amendment does three things to increase safety and to reduce those costs. 
First, the amendment brings the requirement for commercial truck insurance into the 21st century. It is shocking, Mr. Chair, that the minimum insurance required for commercial trucks has remained the same since the 1980s at $750,000 per incident regardless of the number of victims or their injuries. The FMCSA, which is the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, is currently engaged in rulemaking to examine the appropriateness of this standard. The base bill requires studies that I respectfully submit will slow down this process. Imagine a large truck hitting a bus 
full of schoolchildren and the insurance only being $750,000 to cover all the losses. Do you want to be the person that tells the parents that Congress needs to do more studies before their medical bills can be paid? My amendment strikes these unnecessary studies so that the FMCSA can finish their important work without delay. 
Second, the base bill creates a national hiring standard that brokers and shippers must use to hire carriers. One of these standards is based on outdated information. It is not updated annually. So my amendment at the desk would strengthen the hiring standard by prohibiting the hiring of motor carriers defined as ‘‘highrisk carriers’’ by the FMCSA. 
did a study that found that compliance, safety, and accountability scores accurately predict safety performance by drivers. These scores are currently used by brokers and shippers to identify unsafe carriers. Studies show that, since this system has been used, there has been a 14 percent reduction in serious violations of the law. I want to repeat that. There has been a 14 percent reduction in serious violations of the law. 
that is going to take 18 months. Not only that, the base bill now hides important safety statistics during this time. What my amendment does is very simple. The provision makes these safety scores transparent for the public to see. 
to improve the movement of goods across the country by increasing safety and efficiency. It is a real good amendment. I think it is going to make this bill much better, and I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, this amendment literally just guts some very crucial reforms to this bill. What this amendment does is strikes a section in the bill that requires the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to remove from its Web site those compliance and safety accountability program scores. 
What we found is that the CSA is a 
flawed system. It treats safe carriers unfairly, and it has done very little to improve motor carrier safety records. 
The Government Accountability Office and the motor carrier stakeholders, they have been very critical of the CSA program. They have called for the reform. So what this does is make sure that those reforms are going to happen quickly. It doesn’t hide anything. Once the reforms are in place, the scores are going to go back up on the Web site. 
In the meantime, that raw data concerning accidents, violations, outof service rates, it will remain publicly 
available; and it is also going to be available to law enforcement if they need to investigate or prosecute an unsafe carrier. So nothing is being hidden, but what this does is require that these reforms are going to take place and they are going to take place very, very quickly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would just be repeating myself. 
I think is important. Since the system has been used by FMCSA, there has been a 14 percent reduction in serious violations of the law, and I think that speaks for itself. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chair, 
again, this guts some very important parts of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
order to prohibit a motor carrier from conducting operations at the motor carrier level— 
audit under part 385.325 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
imminent hazard at the carrier level (not the individual driver or equipment level). 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) and a 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 20, printed in part A of House Report 114–326, be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. 
The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 20 offered by Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: 
on line 12 of amendment No. 20, add the word 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment is modified. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Chairman, first I want to commend Chairman GRAVES . Nobody could have 
done a better job on this bill than he has done. I also want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member 
about everything that I have requested into this bill, including accepting an amendment yesterday. 
during general debate yesterday: I am so pleased that after we have spent hundreds of billions of dollars over the last 15 years in a vain attempt to rebuild the Middle East, now we are finally going to pass a major bill to rebuild this country and provide hundreds of thousands of jobs all across this Nation. 
amendment that is basically very technical in nature, but it is one that is very, very important to many thousands of the smallest companies in the trucking industry. 
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for including in the base bill some of the language from a bill that I introduced that deals with this situation. This amendment expands that by clarifying the requirements that a freight broker must meet before hiring a motor carrier for the delivery of goods. 
to check to ensure that the motor carrier is first registered with and authorized by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to operate as a licensed motor carrier; secondly, has the minimum insurance required by Federal law; and, third, has the satisfactory safety fitness determination by the FMCSA. All of these things make for a safer trucking industry in this country. 
unrated’’ in the third requirement. Currently, there are thousands of small trucking operations which have yet to be audited or rated by the FMCSA. By adding the words ‘‘or be unrated,’’ we ensure that these small companies are not precluded from being in the pool of eligible motor carriers that can be used for shipping goods. 
Independent Drivers Association, OOIDA, without this amendment, we will be creating an incentive not to use small carriers, putting hundreds of thousands of truck drivers out of business due to no fault of their own. 
small momandpop trucking businesses and drive up the cost of shipping goods for everyone. The second part of our amendment 
adds a fourth requirement that must be checked by the brokers. This fourth condition requires a broker to check to make sure that a motor carrier has not been issued an outofservice order to prohibit a carrier from conducting operations. Once again, this makes for a safer trucking industry in this country. 
part of the bill, thousands of small companies and momandpop operators who have never had a wreck or had a violation would lose business just because FMCSA does not have the sufficient time or staff to officially rate them. 
just say this amendment ensures that we have only safe trucks on the road and that thousands of small businesses are not hurt in the process. However, I have received assurances from both Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO that they want to do 
the aisle in this Congress really wants to try to help the smallest businesses in almost any industry, and they have told me that they will really try to do something about this in conference. 
With that assurance and at their request, I am withdrawing this amendment and hope that we can improve the bill as it goes on through conference. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS  
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
study to evaluate the safety effects of the laws and regulations of States that allow licensed drivers between the ages of 18 years and 21 years to obtain a commercial driver’s license to operate a commercial motor vehicle within the State. 
medical professionals, and other persons determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is simple. It would strike a pilot program that allows teenagers to drive trucks across State lines. Right now this bill mandates that we allow teenagers to become truck drivers. But, Mr. Chairman, it does not ask whether we should give them the keys. 
opinion on this issue. After 92 percent of the comments strongly opposed to this idea, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration denied a request for a similar program in 2003. The vast majority thought it was a bad and dangerous proposal. 
My amendment simply asks the Department of Transportation to take another look, a second look, before starting a national program. We need to examine the safety of places where young drivers are already allowed to drive trucks within their own States. 
Interstate highways are already dangerous enough. Given the higher and higher accident and fatality rates of younger drivers, it makes no sense to make this change without looking at all of the data. 
not have the experience needed to handle heavy, dangerous vehicles. Some follow too closely. Others go too fast and don’t check their mirrors. Young drivers can use their brakes too much, and that is a real danger when handling an 80,000pound truck. 
drivers do not always listen, even when an experienced driver is in the front seat. My amendment does not say no. It says just let us do the research first. We should study the safety of teen truck drivers before any experiment that might have dangerous results. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike a limited pilot program that is authorizing drivers over the age of 19
enter into a graduated program to obtain a commercial driver’s license. The program is very limited to a number of States and a number of carriers that 
can participate. It also includes a number of safety requirements and a GAO report to Congress examining its safety impacts. 
about the way present law is is that a driver of the age that is being addressed here could drive all the way across the State of Missouri, for instance, but they can’t drive 10 miles in the city of Kansas City, across town, because it is over a State line. 
and it actually hampers a whole lot of businesses out there that operate in communities like Kansas City, St. Louis, and St. Joseph that are actually split by a State line. 
The trucking industry is facing a severe shortage in the number of drivers. With freight expected to increase 30 percent over the next 10 years, the driver shortage is only going to worsen. We need to get more young people interested in careers in the transportation industry. It is as simple as that. 
represents a delicate compromise that would accomplish a very important goal. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate that there is a driver shortage, but it is important, very important, to follow the data. We should not put inexperienced drivers on the road before we have all of the facts. 
Metro Atlanta, we have three major interstate highways running through our city: I–75, I–85, and I–20. Even with experienced drivers, there is always some major accident. We need to follow the data. I urge all of my colleagues to support my commonsense amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, again, what we are trying to do with this program is just allow those drivers to be able to cross the State line. Again, they are already allowed to go an entire State’s length within the State. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I have an 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 22. 
trucks have remained the same since the 1980s. Currently, it is $750,000. Healthcare costs have skyrocketed. For example, hospital care for traumatically braininjured people can average $8,000 per day. Minimum insurance does not realistically account for multivehicle accidents where $750,000 must be divided among all of the injured parties. 
FMCSA is currently undergoing rulemaking to evaluate current insurance requirements. Congress should not delay or derail this effort. Section 5501 conditions the agency’s rulemaking upon its completion of detailed studies that must be completed in consultation with industry stakeholders. 
that is designed to delay and ultimately derail this longoverdue rulemaking. When a person suffers life threatening injuries due to the negligence of a motor carrier, the cost of longterm care and the loss of his or her livelihood often is pushed to the background. For families that undergo this ordeal, it often comes as a surprise that, despite a congressional mandate in the 1980s, minimum insurance requirements for interstate truckers and bus carriers have remained unchanged. 
The Motor Carrier Act of 1980 specifically set out to ensure public safety by requiring insurance premiums to be updated regularly. A similar bill, the Bus Regulatory Reform Act of 1982, was passed for the segment of the industry transporting passengers interstate. 
in 1985 for general freight carriers and smallbus operators was $750,000 and $1.5 million respectively, with higher liability limits for carriers of hazardous materials and large bus carriers, the intent of Congress was to increase the minimums regularly to keep pace with inflation. 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration released a report to Congress that examined the adequacy of the current financial responsibility requirements for motor carriers. The conclusion was clear: Today the cost of injuries and fatalities arising from crashes far exceed the minimum insurance levels interstate operators are required to carry. As a result, victims are often not appropriately compensated for their injuries. 
Language in section 5501 is an attempt to stop or at the very least delay this longoverdue FMCSA rulemaking in its tracks by taking away the resources necessary for the agency to evaluate appropriate levels of financial responsibility for the motor carrier industry. FMCSA rulemaking is necessary because current insurance limits do not adequately cover crashes primarily because of increased medical costs. 
price index inflation, the liability limit for general freight carriers today would be $4.4 million, calculated from the 1980 passage date of the Motor Carrier Act, and around $6.5 million for smallbus operators. 
found that, in real terms, insurance premiums have actually decreased for the same level of coverage since the 1980s. The result is that thousands of crash victims are left without the financial resources to pay medical bills or restore the quality of life that he or she enjoyed before the trucking or bus accident, that despite the fact that insurance premiums have gone down. 
healthcare costs are passed on to taxpayers, as Medicare and Medicaid shoulder millions of dollars of medical care each year due to inadequately insured carriers. We must keep the trucking industry accountable for safety by supporting this amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, what this amendment does is it strikes some very commonsense regulatory reforms in the bill. 
The underlying bill requires the Department of Transportation to study whether an increase in minimum insurance levels for intercity buses is needed before pursuing a rulemaking to change the levels. I don’t understand why we would strike language that simply tells the Department to determine whether a problem exists before it regulates. 
The amendment also strikes language in the bill that requires the Secretary to consider the impact of an ongoing rulemaking on small trucking companies and safety. 
are not going to delay the rulemaking, but it is going to add transparency and accountability to the process. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title V of division A, add the 
‘‘the driver, except that a State, upon notice to the Secretary, may establish a different air mile radius limitation for purposes of this paragraph if such limitation is between 50 and 75 air miles and applies only to movements that take place entirely within the State.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) and a 
amendment would increase the air mile radius from 50 airmiles to 75 air miles for the transportation of construction materials and equipment to satisfy the 24hour reset period under the hours of service rule. It would also give States the ability to opt out of this increase if the movement would take place entirely within one State’s borders. 
This is a bipartisan amendment cosponsored by Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. H ANNA , 
the construction industry face some unique circumstances. They often haul perishable materials like asphalt and concrete from a construction company’s central shop or dispatch center to a specific project site within that company’s area of operation. 
time waiting to pick up materials and loading or unloading equipment, instead of driving, but they are considered on duty for the entire duration of the trip. Current law allows construction industry drivers to reset their weekly onduty time after a 24hour consecutive offduty period; however, this exemption is only allowed if those drivers work within a 50 airmile radius. 
Because construction companies operate today in larger areas than they did when the exemption was first put in place two decades ago, I am offering this amendment to increase this air mile radius to 75 airmiles. I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
to claim the time in opposition, though I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment extends an existing exemption established in 1995 by Congress, and I think it is a reasonable and very small adjustment to that. I think it will improve efficiency and lower costs. I have no objection. 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ), a cosponsor of the amendment. 
I want to thank Mr. R IBBLE for his 
work on this amendment and other important transportation issues. I think Mr. RIBBLE and Ranking Member 
of the construction industry, Congress did provide this exemption to certain hours of service rules for commercial motor vehicle drivers in the industry. 
a small change, but I think it will be very helpful because the current exemption we have seen has come up short. It needs to be modernized for most efficient goods movement and keep perishable materials from spoiling, as well as account for the fact that many materials suppliers operate in areas outside of the current airmile radius. This amendment helps improve the exemption by increasing it by 25 miles. 
amendment provides an optout provision for those States that do not wish to participate in this increase. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ). 
to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title VI of division A, add the 
DEPARTMENTOWNED VEHICLES AND INCREASE IN USE OF RIDE SHARING SERVICES. 
Secretary of each covered department shall establish a pilot program within the department for the following purposes: 
department, to increase the use by the department of commercial ridesharing companies. 
expiration of the 1year period starting on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) and a 
these amendment marathons can often be a bit exhausting around here with all sorts of ideas coming from different directions, but now for something completely different. 
about a half a million lightduty vehicles, so think of this: As of today, I think we have about 460,000 lightduty vehicles in the fleet of government. 
very simple. We all walk around with these supercomputers in our pocket— our smartphones—and we see the technology revolution, the information revolution, that is happening around us, whether it be ride sharing, oncall services, or just the management of data. We have people living next to each other going to the same workplace. 
new world around us and ask three agencies to reduce their vehicle fleets by engaging in the new world of information, whether it be ride sharing, an Uber model, a Zipcar model, or taxicab 
model. Maybe it is a hybrid that we have never thought of that gets brought forward. 
So the amendment is very, very simple. All we are asking is that three agencies reduce their vehicle fleets by using modern technology, modern means of transportation, modern social transportation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
Mr. Chair, first, I would ask the gentleman very quickly the question: Why these particular agencies? 
I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). 
my friend on the other side, there was a GAO report—I think it might now have been a couple of years ago—and these three agencies actually were tagged as having the highest number of vehicles as a percentage of, I believe, employment population that sat idle. Agriculture was close to 30,000 vehicles; Interior, 18,000. There was an actual reason. 
in Arizona, I know he certainly is aware that both the BLM and the Forest Service must cover huge amounts of territory with their employees, including many forested and remote areas. 
on paved roads, I can be out of cell service 20 to 25 percent of the time. There is no Uber, Lyft, or any alternative available to me, let alone my Forest Service and BLM employees who are up in the forest. I don’t think Uber is lurking around the forest waiting to pick them up. Plus, they don’t have cell service. I guess they could use a sat phone, but I don’t think they will come. 
They may have a large fleet, and they have a large fleet for a particular reason. Obviously, you can have one Forest Service employee and one vehicle going to a very remote work location for one work duty. They don’t have an opportunity to ride share or do anything else. I find that to be particularly problematic. 
I think the intent of having the government reduce the number of light vehicles, particularly for agencies that are based in urban areas or more urban environments, is very intriguing and interesting. I would be happy to support his next amendment, which would have us study this issue. The GAO, working with GSA, I think could point to appropriate ways to reduce the fleet and to more efficiently reduce costs and yet still have employees be able to use their time very efficiently. 
in order to save time, I will say now that I will support the next amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, to 
my colleague from Oregon, one more time, the reference points in the GAO study actually said vehicles that lay idle, and that is why we chose these. There was actually a reason for choosing these three agencies. 
points: Agriculture, 29,818 lightduty vehicles; Interior, 18,752 lightduty vehicles; the Department of Energy, 7,315 lightduty vehicles. 
We are asking them to do the 10 percent reduction of those vehicle fleets over the 4 years. If technology efficiencies, the new gig economy, however you see it, can’t accomplish that through the simplest reforms brought to us by the modern era, we are in trouble. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
is 10 percent per year for 5 years. It is a 50 percent reduction in fleet. So that seems, without much more granular data, pretty radical. And I wouldn’t want to see that the next time I have got a major fire, the Forest Service doesn’t have adequate vehicles in the Willamette Forest or in any other forest in my State to dispatch all the people they need to command and control and to deal with that fire. 
So I think the idea of the study has 
merit. I think it is an arbitrary cut of 50 percent, particularly with two land management agencies that manage millions of acres of land. I know of Forest Service and BLM employees that, on a given day, their duty may require them to drive 4 hours to a remote spot to do a particular function, spend an hour there, and drive back; and there is no way around it because they had to do something at that particular point. So saying, ‘‘Gee, you are going to have to ride share or thumb or call Uber and see if they will take you out there for a couple hundred miles in the mountains,’’ it just doesn’t work for me. 
I think a study is a good idea, and we 
may find, indeed, there are efficiencies. But to arbitrarily reduce the fleets of the two largest land management agencies in the Federal Government, the Forest Service and the BLM, by 50 percent, I think could cause very unanticipated and potentially disastrous problems. 
I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). 
to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title VI of division A, add the 
THE AMOUNT OF VEHICLES OWNED BY CERTAIN FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND INCREASING THE USE OF COMMERCIAL RIDESHARING BY THOSE DEPARTMENTS. 
the United States shall conduct a study on the feasibility of— 
section, the term ‘‘covered department’’ means each of the following: 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) and a 
not to belabor this one, because actually, in many ways, our friend from Oregon has spoken to this one. I actually believe we may have some misreading of what the previous one says, but we will adjudicate that again maybe over coffee. 
we were just discussing but is actually trying to produce some data sets for future policy. 
the gentleman from Oregon is going to accept the amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . REICHERT  
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
add to the analysis for chapter 702 of title 49, United States Code, after the item relating to section 70203, the following: 
that occurred during labor contract negotiations at ports on the west coast of the United States during the period from May 2014 to 
such slowdown on the United States and on each port in the United States, including changes in the amount of cargo arriving at and leaving from ports on the west coast and other changes in cargo patterns, including congestion; 
to importers, exporters, farmers, manufacturers, and retailers, of contingency plans put in place to avoid disruptions from such slowdown; 
President could have used to facilitate a resolution to such dispute; 
available to the President to avoid disruptions during future labor negotiations at ports in the United States; 
changed to improve the ability to avoid such disruptions in order to prevent serious economic harm to importers, exporters, farmers, manufacturers, and retailers; and 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and a 
I rise to offer an amendment that will allow us to collect the facts and evaluate the impact of the 2014–2015 West Coast ports slowdown and dispute. 
critical to the economic success of this country. Our farmers and manufacturers must be able to export their high quality products to the customers around the world that they rely upon. 
these customer relationships and our economy were threatened. This was the result of a prolonged contract negotiation between the Pacific Maritime Association and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union that ended February 2015. 
these prolonged negotiations? One example from my home State provides a clear illustration. 
State were faced with an estimated $100 million worth of apples that they could not sell. Other stories can be told about multiple types of produce and products, including the hay and the potato industry, in Washington State. 
In fact, Mr. Chairman, I was in Malaysia and Singapore during part of the slowdown, and the complaint in those two countries was they couldn’t get their potatoes. And especially they were upset they weren’t getting their Washington State french fries. So this did have an impact across the 
globe. This wasn’t just a United States economy impact. This was a global impact. 
countries to the West Coast were slowed down to 8 knots, hoping that this would be resolved by the time the ships reached the West Coast. 
Government Accountability Office to study the economic impact of this dispute, review the steps taken to reach 
an agreement, and suggest what other tools might be used to prevent future slowdowns. 
to my constituents that I will work to ensure that this is not repeated for the sake of our workers, farmers, and manufacturers. This amendment moves us in that direction. 
I thank my colleagues, Representatives SCHRADER , N EWHOUSE , 
with me on this important issue. I urge support of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
prevent future disruptive shutdowns like this. I think a full survey of all the causes would be interesting. It would be an interesting thing to have the GAO conduct. 
at one factor, which is the union itself. In fact, in here, finding 7 says: Suggest any legislation that might ensure better regulation of the operations of the ports in the United States with respect to such labor negotiations. 
on the labor side and not a balanced look at what might have gone on on the management side of this issue. 
Secondly, there are many other ongoing, enduring, and very costly port congestion factors out there that should be comprehensively looked at in order to more efficiently move freight in and out of our ports, absent any sort of labor dispute or shutdown or lockout or any of those certain things that relate to labor that also merit a comprehensive look and, I think, merit a potential action by Congress. But this report would not enlighten us in those areas either. 
an analysis of the myriad of factors that point to port congestion, provide Congress with a wide range of policy recommendations, including options for financing intermodal efficiency to enhance the trade of goods in and out of the United States. So I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chairman, just 
as a matter of clarification, this legislation addresses both the Pacific Maritime Association and union issues. How can you be against something 
that would be an investigation that would clearly reveal what the problems are on both sides? 
point the finger at any one entity. Two entities are involved in this issue. We need to find out what we can do to prevent this from happening in the future because it costs the United States economy money, it costs jobs, and it affects the entire global economy. 
their work in offering the amendment that will simply direct GAO to conduct a study on the impact of the recent West Coast ports slowdown so that we can avoid these costly slowdowns in the future. 
As we all know, the Nation’s economic stability and prosperity are directly linked to our ability to import and export goods. In fact, 30 percent of the Nation’s GDP stems from imports and exports, 30 percent. That is a large portion of the country’s production. 
businesses struggled to maintain the flow of capital due to their inability to ship goods. Additionally, many of our retailers found it difficult to keep their shelves stocked due to the lack of incoming goods, causing revenue loss and even the shutting of some businesses. 
percent, that number was 90 percent. Could you possibly imagine the devastation to the economy of even a brief slowdown? 
of the year. Our constituents would have been camped out on our front steps demanding action from Congress. 
Well, let me tell you that, in American Samoa, that number is 90 percent. We rely almost solely on imported goods for our food and energy needs. 
beautiful islands is the tuna canning industry, which comprises more than 85 percent of the island’s GDP. This industry relies heavily upon their ability to ship their products quickly to the mainland and other nations. 
happen again. This amendment being offered by my colleagues and me will take the first step in finding solutions to future slowdowns in the operations at our Nation’s ports. 
House support this bipartisan measure to ensure the continued flow of goods to and from our ports and the growth of our economy. 
minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). 
actually pleased here to join my colleague, Representative REICHERT from 
floor that this in no way is picking sides. You want to talk about labor disputes? These are labor management disputes. 
Coast is that this particular dispute last year actually crippled severely the United States economy not just on the West Coast, but into the Midwest and beyond. 
cannot have this happen again. We have to remain competitive in this global economy. We have to figure out a different way to resolve these disputes so that what is a legitimate labor management negotiation does not affect businesses, farmers, workers, and thousands of jobs across this country. 
Portland’s container terminal, is no longer operational. Why? Because the carriers don’t want to call on this port because it is too unreliable. They don’t know if they are going to have ships to anchor up for weeks on end waiting to upload. 
ports north or south of us. This is directly an impact for the businesses and farmers. 
amendment simply allows us to have a GAO study to talk about what possible outcomes could be different than what we endured last year. The goal here is just simply to get some facts, get some information, protect American jobs, protect American workers. 
language, I think it could be more balanced and I think it also should include those other factors which are dayto day congestion, which do cost our economy hundreds of millions or billions of dollars a year. 
So I am opposed to this, as worded. I 
urge people to oppose it, and I would hope that we can work through the conference committee on something that will give us a more comprehensive analysis of what we need to do to increase the viability of all American ports. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of title VIII of Division A of the 
goods through the Nation’s ports ensures that American goods are available to customers throughout the world. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
year after the date of the enactment of this section, the working group commissioned under this subsection shall submit its recommendations to the Director. 
ensure that the statistics compiled under this section are readily accessible to the public, consistent with applicable security constraints and confidentiality interests.’’. 
of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a 
would like to thank the chairman of the committee, Mr. SHUSTER , as well as 
members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for their hard work on this large bill, this legislation. 
The amendment I offer today for myself and Mr. SCHRADER of Oregon is vitally important to the American economy. Nearly a year ago, a dispute began at 29 of our Nation’s West Coast ports that drastically slowed imports and exports to a near standstill. 
docks. Retailers couldn’t get products to stores. American manufacturers could not get their products to foreign customers. By one estimate, there was nearly $7 billion in damages to our economy. 
pointing fingers over who is responsible for the dispute. However, I do believe that Congress has a great interest in preventing future disruptions from harming our businesses and consumers as well as our economy. 
clear during the disruption was that there was very little data available to gauge how our ports are functioning on a daytoday basis. If something is impeding port performance, be it a dispute, major congestion, or even a natural disaster, we need to know if and how our ports are suffering before it harms our economy and standing with foreign trading partners. 
This amendment is simple. It requires the Bureau of Transportation Statistics to collect and make available data on how our Nation’s ports are operating. Currently, the Bureau collects this information for our railroads, for our highways, and our airports. We also need this information for our ports as well. 
The amendment that we are introducing is already in the Senate highway bill. It has been approved by the Senate Commerce Committee by voice vote. This is not and should not be controversial. 
over 150 organizations supporting this measure, organizations like the National Retail Federation, the American Farm Bureau, the Association of American Railroads, the National Association of Manufacturers, and the American Trucking Association. The list goes on and on. It has very broad multiindustry and bipartisan support. 
about transparency and certainty for our Nation’s economy. If something is harming our ports, our decisionmakers need information to address and mitigate that harm. 
Now, I would have urged my colleagues to adopt this amendment, just as a broad, bipartisan group did so in the Senate, but I have been in close conversation with staff of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, as well as the chairman and the ranking member. I would ask for continued commitment on the part of the chairman to keep working on this issue. It is very important and vital to 
With that commitment, Mr. Chairman, I withdraw the amendment. 
The Chair understands that amendment No. 28 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following new section: 
OF THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND RETURNING POWER TO STATES. 
the Federal gas and diesel taxes and empower the States to tax and regulate their highway and infrastructure projects. 
transportation should be refocused solely on Federal activities and empower States with control and responsibility over their transportation funding and spending decisions. 
program has been to facilitate the construction of a modern freeway system that promotes efficient interstate commerce by connecting all States. 
providing an efficient transportation network for the residents of the State. 
Federal motor fuel tax revenues to force all States to take actions that are not necessarily appropriate for individual States. 
enforcement process wastes billions of dollars on unproductive activities. 
of the Department of Transportation to eliminate, to the maximum extent practicable, Federal obstacles to the ability of each State to apply innovative solutions to the financing, design, construction, operation, and preservation of Federal and State transportation facilities with respect to transportation activities carried out by States, local governments, and the private sector. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and a 
are here today discussing how to meet the country’s important infrastructure needs, and I think what my amendment does is offer a vision for a different approach in the future. I think it is an approach that is more accountable to taxpayers, and I think it rests on governments closer to the people making more of our transportation decisions. 
here and claim that the transit and highway system as it is done up here in Washington is being done well. It is chronically underfunded. We are using all kinds of budget gimmicks in this bill. We are doing the Strategic Petroleum Reserve again to, quote, unquote, pay for this. Somehow you are taking oil at $50 a barrel and you are projecting it to be sold for $85 a barrel. So we know we have been through this a lot here. 
I think part of the problem is, if you 
look at our infrastructure needs, most of them are intrastate, not necessarily interstate. And while the interstate system is very important and it needs to be maintained, expanded where appropriate, most of the needs that we have in a State like Florida can be done at the county level or at the State level. 
since we have had the highway trust fund since 1956, Florida has paid a lot in taxes, and we received about 88 cents on the dollar back. So I am trying to figure out why we would want to perpetuate a system that is not fiscally sustainable and that puts more power in Washington. 
are done countywide, citywide, and statewide, and yet people in a State like Florida will pay their gas taxes. That will be shipped up to Washington; 
lobbyists, and interest groups; and then the money that comes back is 88 cents on the dollar. 
I would like to send the gas tax to 
Washington that is going to fund the actual interstate system, but then leave a portion of the gas tax for State legislatures to spend or for people in local governments to spend. I think you would be able to do it cheaper. I think it would be more accountable to the taxpayers, and I think it would be better for motorists and people who are using our transportation system. 
not binding. I wish we could have done something binding, but there are different budget rules. What it does is lay out a vision that we can do this in a way that rests on decisions being made closer to the American people rather than putting everything in Washington, D.C. 
the good old days; that is, before Dwight David Eisenhower was President. Here we have what we had before when we didn’t have a national highway program. This is the brandnew Kansas turnpike. Oklahoma said: We will build ours. Uhoh. We have got financial problems. 
They didn’t. So for a few years, this brandnew 
ribbon of concrete ended right here. Kind of odd. This is Amos Schweitzer’s farm field. They put up a big wooden barrier. People crashed through it, and Amos towed them out of the field. He was a nice guy. 
where the Federal Government would partner with the States for something that was of national import, it didn’t happen. Let’s go back to those good old days. 
Norquist: We are going to devolve the duty to the 50 States assembled and the territories, and somehow they will magically coordinate this. Oh, by the way, if you happen to be a coastal State with major ports—I think Florida has a few of those—gee, you are going to have to pay for all of the costs of transshipping the goods that flow into your State out to the other States. That is your responsibility. You are Florida, raise the money to do it. 
on the imports because that would be a Federal responsibility, a different category. 
time has not yet come, an idea whose time passed a very long time ago. We need more investment in the national 
system. Mr. Chairman, 140,000 bridges need repair or replacement; 40 percent of the highway surface, the roadbeds need replacement; $84 billion backlog in bringing our transit systems up to a state of good repair, and that is not even dealing with a growing population, growing mobility, and the need for a national freight program. And we are just going to send it back to the States, and they will magically somehow take care of it—poppycock. 
would love for these interstate issues to be done at the Federal level. That is what the Federal Government is here for, and that is the way it should be. But when you are talking about purely local issues, there is not a reason to send the money up to Washington and then beg back for pennies on the dollar. That is not an efficient way to do it. 
Yes, I think that we do have a responsibility to have an efficient interstate system, but we also need to understand that Washington shouldn’t be dictating what local communities do. 
where we have a lot of this is intrastate, let’s empower the States and let’s empower the local communities. Just imagine if they were able to have a portion of that gas tax go directly to them. I think you would see great decisions made. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman 
same conservative beliefs that my colleague from Florida has. This town is littered with agencies that don’t belong here according to the Founding Fathers. Over time they have grown up, and the Federal Government has taken that power. 
from Florida on this issue. When it comes to transportation, the Constitution we have today, the breaking point of the Articles of Confederation, one of the breaking points, the biggest breaking point, was the transportation system. Maryland and Virginia couldn’t come together on a treaty to navigate the Potomac River, so they realized that if they couldn’t connect this Nation, then we would never be a nation. We would be 13 separate entities, 50 entities today. But the Founding Fathers came and wrote the Constitution we know today. 
role of the Federal Government, providing for the common defense, regulating interstate commerce, and establishing post roads. Those post roads today are the highways and the byways of this Nation. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the gentleman. Washington shouldn’t be dictating. This bill does more to send back power to the States, to let the States drive the issues. But there is a Federal role, not to do it all, but to partner—to partner—with the States in building the infrastructure system that we have today. What physically connects us is our highway system; it is our transportation system. 
the gentleman pointed out that Florida—I agree, I know what the return on Florida is, but Florida has benefited tremendously by two roads in particular: I–95 and I–75. If you go to the east coast or the west coast of Florida, millions of people are traveling from the Northeast and the Midwest down to Florida to spend their dollars, and many are relocating. If you go to the east coast, there are many Pennsylvanians. So Florida has benefited tremendously by this system that we have today. 
turning back to the States a lot of responsibility. I think this is a conservative bill based on that, to let States— and also, to remind the gentleman and my colleagues, I like to turn back things to the States that they actually ask for. My phone is not ringing off the hook having Governors say, ‘‘Give us this back.’’ 
Mr. SHUSTER. Finally, Mr. Chairman, Adam Smith said in ‘‘The Wealth of Nations’’ that government should do three things for their people: provide them with security, preserve justice, and erect and maintain infrastructure to promote commerce. 
get out a copy of ‘‘The Wealth of Nations’’ and read what Adam Smith said, the father of our economic system. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge everyone to oppose this amendment. 
point out that under the current formulas, actually, and current spending levels, Florida is getting back $1.15 on the dollar. So, actually, under the gentleman’s proposal, devolving back to the States, doing away with the Federal revenues, both gas tax and general fund revenues, would actually be a net loss to Florida; but then I guess they would just have to raise their gas taxes by the 18.3 cents that is going to the Federal Government and a bit more in order to make that up. 
Again, we would lose the coordination among the States. The priorities of States bordering Florida may not match the priorities of Florida in terms of access and egress to the State of Florida. So I think we are well served as a nation by having a coordinated Federal program and streamlined and efficient reforms. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to oppose this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 512, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, and 56 printed in part A of House Report No. 114–326, offered by Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
steps to ensure that recipients comply with section 26.29 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (the disadvantaged business enterprises prompt payment rule), or any corresponding regulation, in awarding federally funded transportation contracts under laws and regulations administered by the Secretary; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
Page 65, strike lines 16 and 17, and insert 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS OF  
quotation marks and the final period and insert the following: 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
its intersection with Interstate Route 5 to the Columbia River.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY OF  
quotation marks and final period. Page 229, after line 23, insert the following: 
waive, with respect to a covered logging vehicle, the application of any vehicle weight limit established under this section. 
this subsection, the term ‘covered logging vehicle’ means a vehicle that— 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
Add at the end of the title I of the bill the 
VEHICLES ON CERTAIN HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE OF ARKANSAS. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, insert the following: 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and the relocation of highways to eliminate grade crossings’’ and inserting ‘‘the relocation of highways to eliminate grade crossings, and projects to eliminate hazards posed by blocked grade crossings due to idling trains’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
this section, the term ‘‘covered motor vehicle’’ means a motor vehicle that— 
used in the construction or maintenance of pipelines; and 
motor vehicle, including the individual operating such vehicle and the employer of such individual, shall be exempt from the following: 
commercial motor vehicles established under chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
accessories and inspection, repair, and maintenance of commercial motor vehicles established under chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code. 
service of drivers, including maximum driving and on duty time, established under chapter 315 of title 49, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
At the end of title I of division A, add the 
waive, for a covered logging vehicle, the application of any vehicle weight limit established under section 127 of title 23, United States Code. 
this section, the term ‘‘covered logging vehicle’’ means a vehicle that— 
Route 35 in Minnesota from mile marker 235.4 to mile marker 259.552. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN OF  
‘‘(ii) not to exceed 20 percent of such recipient’s annual formula apportionment under sections 5307 and 5311, if consistent with guidance issued by the Secretary, the recipient demonstrates that the recipient meets at least one of the following requirements: 
training program that is available for riders with disabilities. 
‘‘(II) Provides that all fixed route and paratransit operators participate in a passenger safety, disability awareness, and sensitivity training class on at least a biennial basis. 
place with employers and American Job Centers to increase access to employment opportunities for people with disabilities.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY OF  
general public demand response service’’ and insert ‘‘or demand response service, excluding ADA complementary paratransit service,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
Page 252, strike lines 14 through 19 and insert the following: ‘‘exceed 80 percent of the net capital project cost. A full funding grant agreement for a new fixed guideway project shall not include a share of more than 50 percent from the funds made available under this section. Funds made available under 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS OF  
Page 263, line 18, strike ‘‘minority, and female’’ and insert the following: ‘‘female, individual with a disability, minority (including American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, and Hispanic)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX OF  
Page 268, line 17, strike the period and insert a semicolon and after such line insert the following: 
‘‘(iv) the percentage of program participants who are in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from any such program; 
‘‘(vi) the median earnings of program participants who are in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from any such program; 
‘‘(vii) the percentage of program participants who obtain a recognized postsecondary credential, or a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent, during participation in or within 1 year after exit from any such program; and 
‘‘(viii) the percentage of program participants who, during a program year, are in an education or training program that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential or employment and who are achieving measurable skill gains toward such a credential or employment.’’. 
Page 267, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 268, line 4, strike the period and insert a semicolon and after such line insert the following: 
occupation, as such term is defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
At the end of title III of division A, add the 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall examine and evaluate the impact of the changes that Map21 had on public transportation, including— 
Transit Administration encouraged public transportation agencies to maintain and support services to lowincome riders to allow them to access jobs, medical services, and other life necessities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
automobile transporter shall not be prohibited from the transport of cargo or general freight on a backhaul, so long as it complies with weight limitations for a truck tractor and semitrailer combination.’’. 
the following: ‘‘or any other commodity, including cargo or general freight on a backhaul’’. 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
means the return trip of a vehicle transporting cargo or general freight, especially when carrying goods back over all or part of the same route.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
Page 322, strike line 8 and insert the following: 
‘‘(vii) support for schoolbased driver’s education classes to improve teen knowledge about— 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
At the end of subtitle E of title V of Division A of the bill, add the following: 
49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The term ‘trailer transporter towing unit’ means a power unit that is not used to carry property when operating in a towaway trailer transporter combination. 
carry no property and constitute inventory property of a manufacturer, distributor or dealer of such trailers or semitrailers.’’. 
length limitation of less than 82 feet on a 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
At the end of subtitle E of title V, insert 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a review of the following: 
guidance, as of the date of the review, concerning school bus transportation of elementary school and secondary school students engaging in hometoschool transport or other transport determined by the Comptroller General to be a routine part of kindergarten through grade 12 education, including regulations and guidance regarding driver training programs, capacity requirements, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age requirements, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
of the school buses in the fleets of such operators. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
Page 541, line 15, add at the end the following: ‘‘In developing such regulations, the Secretary shall consult with States to determine whether there are safety hazards or concerns specific to a State that should be taken into account in developing the requirements for a comprehensive oil spill response plan.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
of the United States shall, in consultation with other heads of Federal agencies as appropriate, conduct a study on the European Train Control System. 
Train Control System came to replace the more than 20 separate national train control systems throughout the European continent. 
the European Train Control System across all affected railroads in Europe. 
with adopting European Train Control System technology with the costs associated with developing and implementing Positive Train Control in the United States. 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
discretion of the State, to waive the requirement for a holder of a Class A commercial driver’s license to obtain a hazardous materials endorsement under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, if the license holder— 
holder’s employment as an employee of a custom harvester operation, agrichemical business, farm retail outlet and supplier, or livestock feeder; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
the Secretary shall transmit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate detailing research conducted or procured by the Federal Railroad Administration on developing a system that measures Vertical Track Deflection (in this section referred to as ‘‘VTD’’) from a moving railroad car, including the ability of such a system to identify poor track support from fouled ballast, deteriorated cross ties, or other conditions. 
VTD instrumentation during field trials on revenue service track; 
testing of VTD instrumentation on a Federal Railroad Administration Automated Track 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . WALZ OF  
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a study on the levels and structure of insurance for a railroad carrier transporting hazardous materials. 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and 
the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 10 minutes. 
start off by first saying we lost a valuable former member of this committee just recently. Howard Coble passed away. I just want to say that Howard was on this committee his entire time in Congress. 
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. He was a champion of the Coast Guard, which he served, his beloved Coast Guard, and he was always there fighting for them. He was an excellent Representative of the people of 
his district in North Carolina, and he was a great friend of mine and, I know, many, many Members of this Congress. 
I am just proud to say that on the last Coast Guard reauthorization bill we were able to name it after Howard Coble, someone who deserved that honor. 
So, again, it is with a heavy heart I 
say that I salute Howard Coble and say farewell, as I said, to a great friend and great Member of this institution. 
these amendments en bloc. They reflect priorities from both sides of the aisle. I thank all Members for their cooperation in putting together this en bloc, and I urge all Members to support it. 
at this time to thank all the Members on both sides of the aisle that participated in this debate. I want to thank the Speaker for putting us first on the floor for this new open and transparent—I know some of my colleagues on the other side don’t think it was open enough, but I think many of us on the committee, I don’t want to speak for Mr. DEFAZIO, but it was an open 
process to me, and I think that is important. 
today, he had ideas. We were able to incorporate some of those, some of the Members on the other side, and some we certainly opposed. But it was the hard work and willingness to come together on this important piece of legislation. I think this makes it stronger when we go to the Senate. 
role in providing a strong national transportation system, enables our country to remain economically competitive, and helps ensure our quality of life. As we just talked about in the last amendment, this is a Federal responsibility. The Founders would have wanted it this way. They certainly probably had differences of opinion. But this role is something the Federal 
that provides that certainty for States and local governments. This bill helps to improve our Nation’s infrastructure and maintains a strong commitment to safety, but it also provides important reforms that will help us to continue to do the job more effectively. Some of those reforms I mentioned earlier were pushing back to the States, giving them the ability to have the flexibility, to make sure that they can drive this in their States to get these projects done more effectively and more efficiently, which will save us all money. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). 
would like to thank both the ranking member for yielding and for his support, and the chairman for his support, for two amendments that I have in this bloc. 
exempting a narrow class of welders from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety regulations that I offered with Mr. DAVIS of Illinois and a number of other 
Members. The other amendment is a bipartisan compromise that I offered with Mr. DOLDand Mr. N ADLER . It is an 
effort to clarify that transit agencies can utilize CMAQ and TIFIA funds to match the 50 percent funding in a New Start grant. 
I appreciate the chairman’s willingness to work with me on this issue and restore the Core Capacity and Small Starts projects Federal match limit back to 80 percent and allow local agencies to flex other Federal funds to these projects. 
changes, local flexibility would be greatly diminished and many projects would be delayed or canceled, including Chicago’s red and purple line modernization. 
STP funds for the remainder of the match and codifies the New Starts grant amount at 50 percent. I strongly disagree with these new restrictions and hope we can also work on this in conference. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), a member of the 
amendment and the body of the amendments in this bloc are really all about public safety. Mine, in particular, is a bipartisan, commonsense solution to a very limited but seriously dangerous problem. In short, it will help make winter travel safer for truckers, travelers, and pedestrians who live, work, and do business in and around the great seaport of Duluth, Minnesota. 
and the endless hours that you have put forth in committee and here on the floor yesterday, today, late into the night, and tomorrow for opening up and democratizing this process, making amendments like mine and others possible. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) to describe her 
the ranking member for accepting my amendments on the DBE prompt payment issue, and to allow teen driving safety grants to be used to help fund schoolbased driver’s education to help our young people meet the Graduated Driver Licensing requirements. 
I want to talk about the last of my 
amendments, requiring a GAO report on the impact of MAP–21 changes on the ability of those who previously benefited from transportation services under the Job Access and Reverse Commute program to get to work. 
services to lowincome riders declined after MAP–21 was implemented, as well as efforts by the FTA, after passage of MAP–21, to encourage public transportation agencies to maintain and support these services so that lowincome riders would allow them access to jobs, medical services, and other life necessities. 
grant program. Instead, those activities were added as eligible uses of funds under larger formula grant programs. There was no requirement that transit agencies use any of their annual transit funding to provide services to meet the needs of lowincome individuals trying to get to work—none. 
know what the realworld impact of these changes are. Congress did not intend these changes to make it harder for lowincome and TANF populations to use transportation to get to work. That just doesn’t make sense. These hardships should not occur. 
I hope that adoption of this amendment sends a message to transit agencies that they must continue to provide innovative services to ensure that lowincome people and the marginally employed are able to reach places of employment, educational opportunities, job training, child care, medical 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) to discuss her 
I rise today in support of this package of amendments that includes my amendment, which clarifies minority groups to be targeted in human resources outreach efforts by the Department of Transportation. My amendment would expand the bill’s use of the term ‘‘minority’’ and specify the inclusion of underrepresented minority groups. 
place to create diversity, they are not implemented with special attention to communities that are historically underrepresented. This is a special burden for underrepresented minorities who have higher than average unemployment rates. 
Furthermore, we all know investments in infrastructure means jobs for our constituents and opportunities for 
our businesses back home. As we work to pass this legislation, I believe we must make a concerted effort to diversify the people who are able to take advantage of these opportunities. 
the transportation industry, such as public transportation service providers see better levels of diversity, but it is time to expand these opportunities to include engineering, contracting, project development, and other components of the process. Our transportation industry should reflect the diversity of our country at every level. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). 
Chairman, I just want to make note of an important provision that is included in the en bloc amendment package. 
includes a new program that addresses significant roadways. It addresses some of the more expensive projects, and it establishes a competitive grant program in excess of about $740 million a year. 
to do is we have to provide guidance to the Department of the Transportation in regard to the criteria they use, the metrics they use, in this competitive process. 
the importance of strategic energy assets to ensure that roadways like LA 1 in south Louisiana are included. 
prices nationwide spiked about 75 cents a gallon. Following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, gasoline prices spiked about $1.40 a gallon, which was the largest price spike since the Arab oil embargo. So it is important that, as they go through and allocate these grants, that they are looking at factors that are very important and have national consequences. 
and the chairman and all the big four for helping us on this. 
not quite at the end of this epic, but I would like to take a moment. 
First, I want to reflect on the chairman’s brief eulogy for Howard Coble, who was a wonderful member of the committee; and Howard’s embarked on his last great voyage. We all remember him warmly. 
and the chair of the subcommittee for the way in which we moved forward. This bill was a product of many, many months of negotiation between Members and staff. I think we have a good policybased product here, so I want to thank the chairman and the chairman of the subcommittee. I want to thank my ranking member of the subcommittee, ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON . 
on my side: Helena Zyblikewycz, Auke MaharPiersma—we are blessed with interesting names on our side—Andrew 
Homendy, Ryan Seiger, Alexa Old Crow. Of course, my chief of staff Kathy Dedrick. We have had much mention of the last time we did one of these bills. Kathy staffed me when we did the last time longterm bill, which was quite a few years ago. Jen Gilbreath, Jaime Harrell, and Luke Strimer. 
On the Republican side, I particularly want to thank Chris Bertram and Murphie Barrett and all the other Republican staff for their fabulous work. 
warm and fuzzy, but we worked stuff out in the end. I think we got a good product. I think going through this legislative process was a demonstration that House Members can individually be relevant, offer their ideas. They might be rejected, they might be accepted, but I think this was a very good process. 
has been 3 years in the making. When I first became chairman just about 3 years ago to almost the date today, one of my top priorities was to pass a multiyear surface transportation bill. I have had some people who lament and say: Oh, you have been on the floor long; oh, you have had to go through these different fights. But I can tell you, it has all been pleasurable. It is exciting that we finally are getting this thing to send here on the floor and get it into conference. 
advice of a great staff on the Republican side. I also want to thank the Democratic staff. I know both staffs have spent some long nights and some long weekends trying to get this thing all worked out, and they have done a great job of it. I thank each and every one of them on both sides of the aisle for their hard work. 
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on both sides for their valuable input and, again, their hard work in putting this thing together to bring it to the floor. I want to thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO, Ranking Member 
NORTON , and the chair of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, Mr. GRAVES , for their work. 
friend and able opponent at times. He has been here a long time. He is bright; he is tough; he is passionate; but at the end of the day, we are able to come together on a lot of these issues and work it out, so I appreciate Mr. DEFAZIO’s efforts. 
time in my 15 years of Congress that I have participated in a Transportation and Infrastructure debate on the floor, that my father’s name has not been mentioned one time. So let me be the 
first to mention my father, Bud Shuster. I am not sure if he is watching at home. If he is, he is taking notes and will tell me things I said right and things I could have probably said better. But I just want to thank him for the guidance he has given me throughout my life, for the valuable advice he has offered to me at times when I have asked and many times when I have not asked. And, again, if he is watching tonight, I am sure he is writing down some things that he is going to give me some pointers on. But I want to thank my father, Bud Shuster, again, for his great support over the years. 
conference and getting this thing done because I think it is important to the American people that we have a long term highway bill. This has been an issue that people say it is great, there is a lot of bipartisan support—and there is—but these are issues that Republicans, Democrats, and Americans care about, our infrastructure, and want to get to work without delays and want to get products to market and want to get the raw materials to the factories that keep us competitive in the world. We are in a world market that we have to remain competitive, and transportation is one of those vital links that will keep us there. 
With that, I urge all Members to support the final bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
support of my amendment to add the Newberg Dundee Bypass Route as a High Priority Corridor and I would like to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for working with me to bring it forward. Let me be clear—there is no cost to this amendment—it merely raises the prominence and importance of the bypass. The construction of the bypass is underway and has great potential to ease congestion, promote freight mobility, and provide important multimodal connections for residents and visitors in the broader Yamhill County region. The success of Oregon’s wine and agricultural industries has increased freight traffic in the region. The bypass seeks to address the difficulties associated with transportation of goods and services and enhance the recovery of Yamhill County’s economically distressed communities. The development of this corridor has wide support in the region, including from the state, local and tribal governments, and surrounding communities. I include a letter from Oregon’s Department of Transportation in support of this amendment for the RECORD . 
Further, this project is of significant importance because of its location in the Cascadia Subduction Zone. We know that the question is not if, but when, an earthquake and tsunami will hit. Preparing our region is a priority for Oregonians and will save countless lives and federal funds. This road serves as an evacuation route for the central coast and is being built to withstand a 9.0 earthquake. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO for their support of my amendment. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION , 
OR 99W NewbergDundee bypass route between Newberg, OR, and Dayton, OR as a new High Priority Corridor on the National Highway System. 
an amendment to H.R. 22 offered by Representative Suzanne Bonamici of Oregon. 
amendment with the Rules Committee seeking to amend Section 1405 of the bill by adding the OR 99W NewbergDundee Bypass route between Newberg, OR, and Dayton, OR as a new High Priority Corridor on the National Highway System. 
of many key regional transportation corridors in Oregon. The Bypass project is important to both regional freight movement and congestion relief. In addition, the Oregon Department of Transportation’s (ODOT) Safety Priority Index System for 2014 identified six sites on OR 99W that are in the top 10 percent of crash sites statewide based on frequency and severity of incidents. In the event of a major natural disaster such as a Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake and tsunami, this corridor would serve as an emergency evacuation and relief route for the central Oregon Coast. The first phase of the project, which is currently under construction, is being built to withstand a 9.0 Cascadia subduction zone earthquake to ensure this critical lifeline will remain operational in such an event. For these reasons, ODOT supports the inclusion of the Newberg Dundee Bypass on the list of High Priority Corridors on the National Highway System. 
Iowa). The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MS . HERRERA  
to consider amendment No. 57 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 289, strike lines 11 through 14 and insert the following: 
all that follows through page 290, line 8, and insert the following: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA  
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, over 50 percent of all transit riders in the U.S. travel on buses, but only 10 percent of our transit funding actually goes to buses. I will say that again. Over half of the people in this country who use public transportation take buses to get to work, to the grocery store, to visit family; yet the Federal Government dedicates less than 10 percent of its transit funds specifically to buses and to bus facilities. 
communities like my home in southwest Washington, but we have an opportunity to rectify the situation, Mr. Chairman. 
been steadily increasing, this bill funds buses in 2016 at, roughly, half of the 2012 levels—that is, Mr. Chairman, unless you happen to represent one of seven States for which this bill sets aside, roughly, an additional $272 million a year. 
funds through the nationwide Competitive Bus Grant program, which is funded at $90 million in 2016 and $200 million each year after, a select few of the northeastern States get an additional $272 million pot to draw from. That is right, Mr. Chairman. 
These highdensity States—Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Delaware—have a special pot of money set aside for them that averages $90 million more a year than the nationwide pot that all 50 States compete for. Oh, and those seven States still get to 
It is an issue of fairness, Mr. Chairman. The idea that seven States have available to them more money than all 50 States combined isn’t fair to the communities in my State or in yours or in the other 43 States. 
the funding from the sevenState set aside program into the Competitive Bus Grant program and allow all States to compete for these much needed resources. 
in reluctant opposition to the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington, a former member of the committee. 
Let me be clear. I agree we should be 
further increasing the funds available for bus procurement. MAP–21 cut bus funding in half—a devastating cut to many smaller and midsized transit agencies, including in my district. 
much as we could in this bill, but with the severely limited funding that was mentioned earlier today, there was only so much we could do. In total, we increased the bus formula and competitive grant program by 40 percent. 
procurement reforms in the bill that are designed to lower the cost of bus purchases. We provided several different mechanisms that provide bulk buying power for transit agencies. Buses are expensive, and larger purchases will help them to get lower costs. 
This amendment will further increase the bus procurement programs and shift money from the highdensity States formula that benefits seven northeastern States. The highdensity States formula is actually an old Senate provision, carefully drafted by the esteemed members of the Senate’s Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee sometime ago and is of great benefit to those seven States. 
I am very sympathetic to the amendment, but I am obligated, reluctantly and tepidly, to oppose it. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ). 
opposition to this earmark, as I am a cosponsor and am in support of this amendment, No. 57, offered by Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . 
This has been interesting in the debate because it has been absolutely clarified on both sides that we see this as an earmark. Basically, seven States take from this bill a disproportionate amount based on a formula that declares them highdensity States: New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maryland, Rhode Island, and Delaware. 
If you do not live in one of these 
States and if you are a Member of Congress, you should vote for this amendment because declaring them highdensity States is a meaningless designation. For example, Chicago, Los Angeles, and many, many urban areas throughout our country are high density and deserve to be able to participate in this fund, but they cannot because they are not located in one of 
these States that has largely been, as the ranking member has indicated, a Senate formula setaside. 
came together to create the system of the House and the Senate, did so so that we would have equality, a balance between each of the States and their populations. This is not a balance when you have a setaside for seven States. 
Once again, I would call on all of my 
fellow colleagues who do not live in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maryland, Rhode Island, and Delaware to vote for this amendment by Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . She 
has identified that this is an earmark for these States and that it robs money from other States that need assistance with public transportation. 
to vote for this amendment because it does correct an injustice. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, as was well said, 371 Members of the House represent people in States that will benefit from this amendment. By voting ‘‘yes’’ for this amendment, 371 Members will have an opportunity to increase access to important transit funds in their districts without raising spending levels in the bill. 
density States are not losing access to the funds. The amendment allows all 50 States to compete fairly for grant funding based on the needs of the area and the merits of the project. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would say that a great former Speaker of the House, Tip O’Neill, said that ‘‘all politics is local.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . CHABOT  
to consider amendment No. 58 printed in part A of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following new section: 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$2,500’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’. 
operated a commercial motor vehicle that the individual knew or reasonably should have known had a defect that resulted in a fatality.’’. 
more than once operated a commercial motor vehicle that the individual knew or reasonably should have known had a defect that resulted in a fatality; or’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and a Member 
All of us here have the honor to serve 
in the people’s House, and we are here to serve our constituents—the people who send us here from all over the country—and also to serve in the best interests of our great Nation. 
me. I happened to be touring the business at which he works, and he told me something that affected me greatly. 
birthday. He was a student at the University of Cincinnati. He was coming down Interstate 75 in a minivan and was minding his own business. I don’t know what he was thinking about, but he had his whole future ahead of him. 
occurred. A wheel that was so rusted broke free from a big rig, and it crossed the median. It struck the vehicle he was in, and it killed him immediately, a couple of days before his 23rd birthday. 
It had been a couple of years, but his 
father was still very emotional about this, understandably so. 
talked with a number of our colleagues and did a lot of research on it and worked with the American Trucking Association and with America’s Independent Truckers’ Association as well. We came up with an amendment to this particular bill that we are discussing here this evening, the transportation bill. What the amendment would do, essentially, is stiffen the penalties for a driver who knowingly operates a commercial vehicle that has a serious defect that results in a fatal crash. 
to make the public more safe and to deal with a family that has been tragically changed forever. They lost one of the most important members of that particular family. We are trying to do this in a responsible way. 
The trucking industry in this country, for the most part, is very safety conscious, and their rate of fatalities has come down. I commend them greatly for what they are trying to do, but there is a hole in the system right now. 
was a rusted thing that shouldn’t have been on the road. This type of thing doesn’t happen all that often, but it happened this time, and it killed my constituent’s son. 
chairman and with staff. It is my understanding that the chairman is willing to work with us on addressing this issue of trying to make the American public safer and is willing to work with our distinguished folks on the minority side as well. 
With that understanding, I am willing to withdraw my amendment here this evening and continue to work with them through the process to hopefully address this issue in a way that will receive support on both sides of the aisle so that we can pass this into law and make the public safer. It will allow this particular family, who was affected so tragically in this instance, to know that they have done something to honor their son. 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
happy to work with the gentleman on the issue. I oppose the amendment, but I want to continue talking with the gentleman and working with him. 
the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I certainly want to work with the gentleman. I mean, this is a story that tugs at you. The gentleman brings before us an important issue. I think there is a way to get at this; so, I would love to work with the gentleman as we go to conference and see what we can do. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. SHUSTER  
with me and for working with the entire committee. The Transportation and Infrastructure Committee does 
work together in a bipartisan fashion, and the House does work. 
vein, I had the pleasure of knowing Howard Coble for my entire time I have been in Congress. I was his ranking member on Judiciary, and he was my ranking member on Judiciary. 
one of the finest gentlemen I have ever known. He was a scholar. He was a gentleman. He loved North Carolina. He loved this House. He will be missed. He was an example of the way people can work together to make progress in the United States Congress. I was honored to know him. 
also like to share in the gentleman’s comments about our colleague, Howard Coble of North Carolina. 
distinguished institution. I served on the Judiciary Committee for the better part of 20 years with Howard Coble, and we all looked up to him. He was kind of one of a kind, and I say that in the most honorable way. 
He was one we looked to. He had a 
sense of humor that went to your heart. He was just a great guy. He will be truly missed not only by his constituents, but by this House that he loved for so many years. 
the chairman and our friends on the minority side indicate they are willing to work with us on this amendment. 
Mr. CHABOT. With that understanding, I withdraw my amendment. 
The Chair understands that amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–326 will not be offered. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 326 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32, as amended. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 171, noes 252, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kline Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
LAMBORN, GRAVES of Georgia, Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ, and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia changed their vote from 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. LANGEVIN, and Ms. CLARKE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 599 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
Georgia). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) on which 
further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 255, not voting 5, as follows: 
Allen Amodei Ashford Bass Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chaffetz Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Cooper Costa Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Griffith Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Harris Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Hinojosa Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jolly Jones Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline LaMalfa Lipinski LoBiondo Long 
Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis McCarthy McKinley McNerney Meehan Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Paulsen Payne Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Renacci Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scott, David Serrano Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Upton Vargas Veasey 
Wagner Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Aderholt Aguilar Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Farr Fattah Fleming Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gosar Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) 
Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Pompeo Price (NC) Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Roskam Rothfus Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 600, I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 248, noes 180, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Gowdy Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 188, noes 238, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight 
Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated against: Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
602, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 602 I 
was inadvertently detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . CULBERSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 116, noes 313, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cuellar Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Green, Gene Griffith Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rooney (FL) Rouzer Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) 
Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield 
Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 248, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cummings Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar 
Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . REICHERT  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 200, noes 228, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Upton 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Amodei Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rokita RosLehtinen Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 118, noes 310, not voting 5, as follows: 
Babin Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant McCarthy McCaul McClintock Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry 
Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton 
Wagner Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Yoho 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
amendment consisting of the text of the Rules Committee Print 114–32, as amended. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Page 1022, strike lines 5 through 7 and insert the following: 
the Bank fails to comply with the 2nd preceding sentence with respect to a fiscal year, the Bank may not approve the provision of a guarantee, insurance, or credit, or any combination thereof benefitting a single person, in an amount exceeding $100,000,000 until the beginning of the 2nd succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) and a 
Bank has a portfolio annually somewhere to the tune of $120 billion, I think under the new proposal; $130 billion. Fiftyone percent, Madam Chairman—fully 51 percent—goes to 10 companies in our country—$120 billion. Isn’t that fantastic? 
ExIm, everyone can welcome the fact that the reauthorization we are considering today raises the Bank’s small business target 25 percent. Republicans and Democrats in both the House and the Senate have called on the Bank to focus on smallbusiness needs more effectively. 
This amendment keeps that 25 percent smallbusiness target in the underlying bill. It doesn’t change that, 
but it would then raise the target by 5 percent per year through the reauthorization period. 
billion a year, 51 percent goes to 10 companies in the United States. You think: Wouldn’t it be great if the town that I represent, the towns that Members in this House represent, could be one of those 10 companies? It is not to disparage any of those 10 companies. We are happy that they are in the United States, and we are happy that they are profitable. 
trying to get a leg up, that want to employ their neighbors and that want to enrich their communities would like a shot as well. But they don’t have legions of lobbyists, and they don’t have big staffs to go to the ExIm Bank and plead their case. 
small businesses, 98 percent of trade across our country, is conducted without any help at all of the ExportImport Bank. Wouldn’t it be great if we could remedy that? And wouldn’t it be easy if we could remedy that? 
amendment that I propose does. With this amendment, ExIm still has the flexibility to devote most of its assistance—now 51 percent to 10 companies in the country—to large businesses. The big ones will still have the same access to ExIm. All this does is requires the ExIm to take small businesses more seriously. 
don’t have the lobbyists and the staff that all these big, multinational companies do. But isn’t it worth it in our small towns to help them and to assist them? 
We know the Bank is more than capable of doing this. In fiscal year 2014, 25 percent of its authorization went to small businesses. So the Bank easily met its target. But in the 3 years prior to that, ExIm ignored—literally ignored—the smallbusiness target that Congress enacted and required of them. 
ensure that it meets its smallbusiness target. It has to. If we want to help small businesses like the one in your town, the one in the towns that you represent, we have to make sure that it does that. We need to keep an ambitious target that ExIm can meet and encourage the Bank to reach it. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, and I will be opposing all amendments to this portion of the highway bill. 
reflect the latest in a string of tactics by opponents of the ExportImport 
Bank to delay and block any reauthorization of the Bank from moving forward. This amendment and other anti ExIm amendments we will soon consider cannot reasonably be viewed as a constructive effort. 
unquestionably are central to the health of our economy. Fortunately, before extremists, ones on the opposite side of the aisle, shut down the ExIm Bank. Many small businesses were already directly supported by the programs offered by the ExportImport Bank. 
In fact, in fiscal year 2014, out of over 
3,700 authorizations, more than 3,300, or nearly 90 percent, directly served U.S. small businesses. Of the remaining 10 percent, many of these authorizations served companies that support vast U.S. supply chains, including in my district. 
a pawn in the fight to kill the ExIm Bank should be rejected. This amendment must be rejected. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ), my 
Mr. MULVANEY. I thank the gentleman. I agree with most of what the ranking member on Financial Services just said with the exception of the conclusion. Everything that the Export Import Bank does for small businesses actually is very productive. 
ExportImport Bank meeting its small business requirement? Why hasn’t it met it? For the last 3 years, it has not met its statutory requirement. 
about yet, Madam Chairman, is that the amendment also puts a penalty on the Bank for not meeting that target. Right now it is the law that the Bank has to provide a certain level of services to the smallbusiness community. It has failed to do that. As is so often the case, there is no penalty. This amendment would add the penalty. 
the ExportImport Bank’s smallbusiness presence, and it actually puts some teeth in the law for a change. For that reason, I hope that we can support this amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the whip. 
thank the gentlewoman. I am sorry I don’t have more time. 
jobs. The amendment is about killing jobs, as he wants to kill the Bank, the gentleman who sponsored this amendment. That is all it is. Every one of these amendments will undermine the ExportImport Bank that got 313 votes on this floor. 
The gentleman mentions five businesses. What he didn’t mention is the thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs that they create and maintain. That is what we are talking about: jobs for average Americans. Whether they work for large, medium, or small businesses, we are talking about jobs for Americans. 
Here you are at the last minute trying to kill it. You had 2
bring this bill to the floor. You chose not to because the minority was going to kill this bill. I told your majority leader over and over and over again it had the majority of your party, and you refused to bring it to this floor. 
Tonight is the time to say the majority rules, the 313 will rule. Reject every one of these amendments. Let’s create jobs with the ExportImport Bank. 
remind Members that their remarks are to be directed to the Chair and not to other Members. 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) who serves on the Financial 
Services Committee and who has worked tirelessly for this reauthorization. 
Chair, let’s begin with the facts. The facts are this: every single killing amendment being offered tonight is, in fact, being sponsored by somebody who voted against passage of the ExIm. They don’t want to improve the ExIm. They want to kill the ExIm. 
current law, with all due respect to one of the previous speakers, is not a requirement. It is a target. Stop saying requirement. Words matter. That is misleading, and it is wrong. The fact is nearly 90 percent—90 percent—of all transactions of the ExIm go to small businesses. 
jar thereof, sells for infinitely less than a Boeing airplane or that Manhasset music stands sell for infinitely less. The fact of the matter is 90 percent of their transactions go to small businesses. 
101. Please hear me sometime: the Boeing Airplane Company has 14,800 businesses in its supply chain and 6 to 8,000 are small. Reject the amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ), who has been an absolute 
talk about the facts. The facts are, as the gentleman from Washington just stated, 90 percent of the Bank’s transactions go to small businesses, 3,340 transactions. 
reform bill that is actually reforming the ExportImport Bank takes the target—not the requirement, but the target—from 20 percent to 25 percent. 
are focused on here tonight is not punishing people that want to grow their businesses or not trying to put a cap on people that want to create jobs. 
Frog Jump. This is not about Boeing, and this is not about GE. This is about jobs all over this country that don’t cost the taxpayer one penny—not one penny—Madam Chairman. 
Import Bank and killing jobs. It breaks my heart, but we must defeat these amendments. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
is that all the reforms that the kind gentleman just spoke of are not going to happen. None of that is happening. The Senate threw that in the trash. 
Bank that has refused to comply with the law over and over again. The fact also remains that nobody here is trying to kill the ExportImport Bank. We aren’t. This is the process by which we make it better. 
Whether or not you sell a jar of pickles or whether you sell an airplane, $120 billion, 51 percent of it goes to 10 companies. You figure it out. You figure out what that looks like to you. To me, it looks like cronyism. That is what it 
instead of creating thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs, we would like to create tens and hundreds of thousands of jobs by requiring the Bank that is encumbering the United States taxpayer to work with small businesses, the businesses in our town, instead of just going to the big businesses in this country. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Madam Chairman, I would simply say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania you figure it out. Evidently, you don’t know anything about what ExIm does and the jobs that it provides. 
to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), a leader with courage. 
Mr. LUCAS. Madam Chair, my colleagues, I would urge you to reject this amendment and all the amendments. 
months ago. It should have happened in committee. It should have happened in regular order. But we weren’t allowed to do that. We have been forced into this position. 
amendments, and then let’s begin the process of real reform. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
COMPETITION .—The Bank shall not guarantee, insure, or extend (or participate in the extension of) credit involving any transaction, with respect to which credit assistance from the Bank is first sought after the effective date of this paragraph, that does not meet competition from a foreign, officially sponsored, export credit agency.’’. 
OFCREDIT ASSISTANCE ISMADE TO MEETFOREIGN COMPETITION .—The Bank shall include 
guarantee, or insurance, with respect to which credit assistance from the Bank was first sought after the effective date of this subsection, in the period covered by the report was made to meet competition from a foreign, officially sponsored, export credit agency; and 
market gaps that the private sector is not willing or able to meet.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
state No. 2. Is that Mulvaney No. 2 or Mulvaney No. 1? 
printed in part B of House Report 114– 326. 
yield myself such time as I may consume. I have heard a couple arguments already—I guess we heard them before, Madam Chair—about how the place to do this was in committee. Fine. That could be. It doesn’t make the amendments bad. It doesn’t mean the principles contained in here are wrong. We didn’t get a chance to do that in committee. You can blame whoever you want to for that. But the point of the matter is, this is where we are going to take up the amendments, and the fact we didn’t do it 6 months ago does not make a good amendment a bad amendment. The amendments will stand on their own merit, as this one will, Madam Chair. 
One of the things we have heard for the last several years about the Bank is that we need the Bank in order to meet foreign competition, that 1,700 other countries have export credit facilities, and if we don’t have one of our own, we will unilaterally disarm and not be able to compete in the global marketplace. 
I happen to disagree with that. I happen to have some faith that American goods are good enough to compete overseas without the government subsidy. But that is fine. Let’s take that for sake of discussion and say, all right, we don’t want to unilaterally disarm. What this amendment does is makes sure that we don’t. 
says, look, if you want to use the ExportImport Bank, you have to be able to establish that you are actually competing with a foreign export credit facility. Fairly simple. It goes to the heart of what so many people say is why we have the Bank. So why not simply say, all right, look, we will have this thing until we can convince other countries to get out of this business, which we should be doing and, by the way, are obligated by law to be doing— not by target, but by law. 
that, Mr. Chairman, since 2012, yet this administration has refused to do that. But until we get a chance to enforce the law and actually get other countries to disarm, let’s go ahead and not unilaterally disarm, and let’s make sure, in order to use the ExportImport Bank, you have to be meeting specific and identifiable competition from other export credit facilities. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
the leading opponents of the ExIm Bank, would effectively chop the ExIm Bank’s mission in half by eliminating the Bank’s role in providing finance to fill market gaps that the private sector is unable to meet. This would overwhelmingly harm the small businesses that use the Bank and that often have the hardest time securing the financing 
For example, when U.S. small businesses are seeking to export, commercial banks often refuse to accept foreign receivables as collateral for a loan without an ExIm guarantee. Without ExIm, these small businesses would be unable to extend terms to foreign buyers and would have to ask for cash in advance. In these cases, sales would almost always go to a firm from another country that can count on the backing of its own official export credit agency. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chair, how 
much time did each of us consume in our opening statements? 
from South Carolina consumed 2 minutes. The gentlewoman from California consumed 1 minute. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, two quick points. 
of the irregular order and nature of what we are doing. Let’s all remember one thing. Not only are all the people who are advancing amendments here today opponents of the ExIm and want to kill it, but they also, many of them, sat in the committee and voted against an amendment to the budget views and estimates that suggested that reauthorization of the ExIm ought to be subjected to regular order. They have already made their position clear: no regular order. They not only don’t want regular order, they don’t want the ExIm. 
countries that have export credit authority; it is only 59. It is every other 
developed nation on the face of the Earth. The Chinese have not one, but four, export credit authorities. In the last 2 years, they financed as much as our ExportImport Bank has in its 81 year history. 
thought: I know a lot of you on that side of the aisle read The Wall Street Journal. I hope you saw the Business section 2 days ago. The headline is, ‘‘China Rolls Out First Large Passenger Jet’’—The Wall Street Journal. 
were developing the C919. There it is. There is the picture. They also indicate in here that they have the C929, which is a double aisle, widebody jet airplane under development. 
death blow to the heart of America’s manufacturing business? Please vote ‘‘no’’ on this and all amendments. 
is worth once again considering how we got to this point. Considering that under regular committee order, we should have taken this bill up 6 months ago. Three months ago, many of us went from the point of pleading to demanding, pressing harder and harder to try to bring this to the focus. Ultimately, that was not the option, and we were obligated to use a rather old but important rule in order to bring this legislation to the floor. 
a supermajority of the House voted for it—313 Members. A majority of the Republican Conference, a majority of the majority voted for it. Yet now we are at a point where we are rebattling all of these amendments. 
rules, then how do you win in this place? If we defeat all of these amendments, will things mysteriously happen in the next process and we will have to fight that off? That is why I tell my colleagues: Play by the rules. Remember what we accomplished last week? Understand the real purpose of these amendments. If it was to perfect a bill, then the authors would have been working with us 6 months ago or 3 months ago or a few weeks ago, but that wasn’t the option provided. So now, a second time, we have to fight our way all the way through these issues. 
about economic competitiveness in this country. Please demonstrate that you care about workers in this country. Reject all of these amendments. Let’s move the process over. Let’s finish this for real. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). 
look, I stand behind the microphone right now, hopefully helping many of you who support the ExIm Bank, to help you stand behind your previous rhetoric. 
older—was it archaic?—process that was brought last week, I noticed the rule you brought allowed me to bring my reform amendment because you were reforming the—oh, that is right. You didn’t. You did not allow us to have that voice on those reforms. It was not a process. So now guess what is going on? We happen to have regular order, an opportunity to walk up and say we have some little ideas that we believe make the institution better. 
59 credit enhancement, surety enhancement organizations. All this amendment does is it says, if you are competing against someone who is using another country’s credit enhancement, you get to use ours. Isn’t that what you are asking for reformwise? If you want to level the playing field, 
what a great idea. If they are using it, we get to use it. If they are not using it, we don’t have to. That is reform, and that matches up with the rhetoric I was hearing around here last week of how you were reforming the institution. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ). 
great speeches and get all wound up, but we don’t talk about the facts. The facts are that Bank customers already have to certify. The facts are that all of the people offering the amendments want to kill the ExportImport Bank, which creates thousands of jobs. The facts are that we could have done this in committee a year ago. The facts are none of us wanted to be here tonight having this debate because we wanted to do this in regular order. 
that, if we allow these amendments that are just aimed at killing the ExportImport Bank to pass and thousands of people are going to lose their jobs and our competitors all around the world are going to benefit, we must vote ‘‘no.’’ We need to defeat this amendment. I appreciate my buddy from South Carolina offering it, but I just think it is in the wrong order, and we need to defeat it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
West Virginia). The gentleman from South Carolina has 1
look at the facts. Yes, the Bank is required right now to look at this. They are not required to actually consider it. In fact, there are examples, factual examples, of the Bank looking into whether or not there were any countervailing efforts done by foreign credit facilities and just ignoring that. Yes, the law does require them to, but there are no teeth in the law. This amendment would allow us to do that. 
Another fact: in 2012, this body required the ExportImport Bank to start getting out of the business of competing with ExportImport Banks overseas in the airline industry. The law signed here, signed by the Senate, signed by the President was completely ignored by this administration. This amendment would fix that. 
from my friend from Tennessee. The facts are the administration is not following the law. 
this afternoon, Mr. Chairman, by passing this amendment and focusing the Bank on what everybody seems to 
agree is a very important core duty of competing with export credit facilities overseas, and I would recommend an approval of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635), as amended by section 95001 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
TRANSACTION OF MORE THAN $10,000,000 R EQUIRED TO CERTIFY INABILITY TO OBTAIN  
guarantee, insure, or extend credit, or participate in an extension of credit, in connection with a transaction, with respect to which credit assistance from the Bank is first sought after the effective date of this paragraph, of more than $10,000,000, to a person, unless the person has— 
has sought, and has been unable to obtain, private sector financing for the transaction without any Federal Government support; and 
Export Import Bank of the United States for the purposes of supporting a project or venture, without conducting reasonable diligence to determine whether private sector financing would have been available to support the project or venture, whether or not the terms of the private sector financing would have been substantially different from the terms of the financing provided by the Export Import Bank of the United States; or 
Export Import Bank of the United States for the purposes of supporting a project or venture, knowing that private sector financing 
project or venture, whether or not the terms of the private sector financing would have been substantially different from financing provided by the Export Import Bank of the United States, is liable to the United States Government for the face value or the appraised value of the loan or guarantee, whichever amount is greater.’’; and 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635), as amended by sections 95001 and 95004 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
INACCURATE REPRESENTATION ABOUT AVAILABILITY OF COMPETING FOREIGN FINANCING OR  
may not enter into a contract under which the Bank provides a loan or guarantee, unless the contract provides that, if the Inspector General of the Bank determines that a representation made by the recipient of the loan or guarantee about the availability of competing foreign export financing or private sector financing was inaccurate at the time the representation was made— 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a guarantee, an amount 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ). 
rise today in support of private lenders crowded out by the ExportImport Bank. 
I thank my friend from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) for his work reforming the ExportImport Bank and for introducing this particularly important reform. 
projobs, and is entirely consistent with the policy of ExIm’s lapsed authorization. 
this year, I worked in good faith to reform the ExportImport Bank. The Bank’s authorization lapsed in large part because the White House and the Bank’s proponents would not take yes 
for an answer. They refused to work with us on changes, just like they are again tonight, that would prevent any single business from dominating the Bank’s activity or to prevent the Bank from crowding out private lenders. That latter point is the one that this amendment will address. 
This amendment requires loan applicants receiving more than $10 million to certify that they had originally sought out and been denied by two private lenders. This requirement doesn’t block anyone from getting a loan. It only requires that they go to traditional banks first. 
This provision is similar to one required for some Small Business Administration financing as well. 
Mr. Chairman, one of my central objections to government lending programs is their capacity to destroy and replace private markets. The government inevitably misallocates resources and jobs, ultimately making our industries less competitive and reducing jobs in the long term. 
Bank’s prior reauthorization also agree to that point because, according to the ExIm’s charter, it is ‘‘the policy of the United States that the Bank in the exercise of its functions should supplement and encourage and not compete with private capital.’’ Let me emphasize that last part, that the Bank should not compete with private capital. Unfortunately, I have heard from lenders in Indiana who say that, absent ExIm, they would be financing more exports. 
If the Bank is going to exist at all, 
the role of the Bank should only be as a lender of last resort. The Bank is only intended to fill gaps in the private lending market. Any larger role the Bank plays is a violation of its own charter. Worse, granting the Bank a larger role would exacerbate market distortions that will, ultimately, fail countries and the businesses that rely on them. 
the ExportImport Bank stays within its bounds. If the Bank is truly a lender of last resort, this amendment will not affect its lending. If it is, in fact, competing with private lenders despite clear congressional intent, then this amendment will start to correct the problem. 
Developing countries are deciding whether to pursue Americanstyle capitalism or Chinesestyle central planning. As Speaker RYANput it last week 
on this House floor, we should be exporting democratic capitalism, not crony capitalism. If this Bank is going to be reauthorized, we should at least make a real effort to let private lenders have the first opportunity to finance exports. 
I know that many of ExIm’s proponents agree that the Bank is not a longterm solution to foreign competition. Even ExIm Chair Fred Hochberg agrees, telling us earlier this year in committee that, in a perfect world, there would be no export credit agency of the United States. If our priority is longterm economic growth and employment, then we must not be tempted to rely on central planned exports the way that China and Europe do. 
amendment, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
This amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina is yet another attempt to undermine the reauthorization of the ExIm Bank by requiring multiple denials of assistance from the private sector be provided as a precondition of obtaining financing. The ExIm Bank would not exist if they had to go before someone and require that they look at their application 10 times, 15 times. 
be time consuming and, more likely, unworkable for the potential uses of the ExIm Bank. The fact is that private sector banks don’t generally issue letters of rejection, likely making compliance with the amendment impossible. 
included in the amendment that are designed to intimidate potential users of the Bank who would be liable if they were found to have not adequately determined whether private sector financing may have been available to them. 
amendment, which would impose new restrictions on U.S. businesses alone, putting them at a unique disadvantage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, of all of the arguments against the ExportImport Bank, this is my favorite. Ayn Rand would be thrilled. I am appalled. Of all of the arguments, private lenders will be crowded out. Private lenders will be displaced. Private lenders: ‘‘Woe is me. You are taking away our business.’’ 
Yet no one ever—not once—has answered the question: Why is it then that the American Bankers Association and the Independent Community Bankers Association are among the strongest supporters of this? It is because—and the truth of the matter is— markets aren’t perfect, and they don’t work in certain circumstances. 
doesn’t have the wherewithal to collect across an international border, and a big bank isn’t going to bother with that low volume of a transaction. A big bank isn’t going to bother with Miss Jenny’s Pickles or with Manhasset Music Stands. It is not worth it to them. 
aren’t perfect. There are certain instances in which they fail, and that is why they support the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
of them. Sometimes it is used as a point of criticism. ‘‘You know they only finance 1 or 2 percent. Who needs them? It is such a small amount.’’ You ought to take that as a point of pride. We are laserfocused on exactly where the need is—where the market isn’t perfect. We are not subsidizing. We are, in fact, compensating for an imperfect market. 
Perhaps it is China that is subsidizing with their four export credit authorities, which, again, in the aggregate, have loaned more in the last 2 
years or have financed more than we have in our 81year history. 
We are laserfocused where the market doesn’t exactly work—small cost items. Largelived capital items, that is the other issue. Who is going to collect across an international border? 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I inquire as to the time remaining. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, as a rankandfile 
Member—that is, a Member who is not on the Financial Services Committee— I want to stand in strong support of this amendment. There are a lot of us who are looking for a way forward in this, and this reform would allow that to happen. 
sector would work or not, because those who are seeking lending aren’t forced to ask. I find it laughable that some say this would be too onerous on a bank or on someone who is seeking lending. These are the same people who think that DoddFrank regulations are okay, that they aren’t too onerous. I think that is ridiculous. 
choice of an unreformed ExIm Bank or no ExIm Bank. This amendment and the ones being brought up tonight that are like it offer us a third way: commonsense reforms that would allow the private sector to work and then would allow the ExIm Bank to be a function of last resort, preserving the jobs that we all care about. No one on this floor, Republican or Democrat, wants to kill a job. That is ridiculous. So, as a rankandfile Member who is 
off committee, I stand in support of the Mulvaney amendment, and I ask for its support. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). 
a statement that was made a little earlier from my friend from Indiana. 
that, in a perfect world, we would not need ExIm. I agree. In a perfect world, we wouldn’t need nuclear weapons. In a perfect world, nobody would have nuclear weapons, but nobody in this Chamber is suggesting that we unilaterally disarm our nuclear weapons in order to live by the politics of purity. 
friend of mine who has a manufacturing company. It is a small manufacturing company. They export drilling components to Third World countries to help them drill for their own energy resources. He informed me that he has actually lost 15 percent of his business since this charter has expired. That is real money. That is real exporting. That is a real situation that affects real people’s lives. 
to amend this, and I think they have a right to desire to amend this. The place to amend this would have been in the committee, which I am not on by the way. It would have been an opportunity to have amended it and to have had a full debate and to have brought the amended bill to the floor of the House of Representatives to debate. That didn’t happen. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
my colleagues: Why did we get to this point? Why should we vote against this amendment? Why should we vote against all 10 amendments? 
friends—our predecessors—set up a system so that, if a Speaker or a chairman thwarted the will of the body, there would be a way for the membership to bring it forward and pass it; but the system had to be created so streamlined that that same force or forces working to prevent the body from working its will could not overcome it. 
rule worked. Unfortunately, today, we are demonstrating they didn’t quite think everything through, because we are revoting or we are voting on 10 issues on a subject matter that was solved last week. 
here this evening, if you enjoy listening to this debate all over again, I am 
sorry. The proponents didn’t do this. We thought we had won by playing fair and square last week. Furthermore, we would have loved this debate 6 months ago. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
guarantee or extend (or participate in an extension of) credit in connection with a transaction, with respect to which credit assistance from the Bank is first sought after the effective date of this paragraph, with a foreign company (or joint venture including a foreign company) that benefits from support from a foreign government if the foreign government has 1 or more sovereign wealth funds with an aggregate value of at least $100,000,000,000. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Before I go on to the next amendment, I want to very briefly put a closing point on the last discussion in responding to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
What does a banker love any less than a guaranteed loan? 
have heard about many, many times, I will point out to everybody that the last amendment was limited to loans that were greater than $10 million, not really, really small businesses. Those are exactly the type of private sector market loans we are looking for. 
In fact, if I wanted to sum up in one 
sentence as to why you should support the last amendment, it would be: Can’t we at least, maybe, give the private sector a chance first on loans of this size? 
that now, Mr. Chairman, on this next amendment, which would prohibit the ExportImport Bank from doing any business with companies that are owned or have other ties to sovereign wealth funds in excess of $100 billion. 
how the ExportImport Bank is being used right now. 
seeking bids for a power plant. One of the American manufacturers was in the bidding, and the bid request came in as follows and said that the buyer shall finance the project by using 30 percent equity and 70 percent debt. An export credit agency shall cover at least 50 percent of the debt financing. Bidders shall propose a prospective lender who will cover the loan without guarantee from the Government of Indonesia and without collateral. 
What was this, Mr. Chairman? This was a foreign government saying: We would like to buy your stuff, and if we don’t pay you, we would like your taxpayers to be on the hook. 
is why so many of these international requests for proposals have exactly that requirement in it. These foreign governments don’t want to be responsible if they can’t pay. They want this government to be responsible if they can’t pay, and that means they want our taxpayers to be responsible if they can’t pay. 
be, Mr. Chairman, for a little bit; but if you have a sovereign wealth fund in excess of $100 billion, then maybe you should be on the hook. Maybe our taxpayers should not be. Maybe you are big enough to actually guarantee your own debts. It seems like a fairly reasonable thing that we should be sitting here, trying to figure out ways to protect the taxpayer. So I encourage folks to support this particular amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
another poison pill amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina. The amendment seeks to create an odd 
linkage between the world’s sovereign wealth funds and the provision of export credit financing. 
funds involve themselves a great deal in the provision of export financing, which I understand they do not, I would assume they would be more interested in financing their own country’s exports and not the exports of American goods and services. 
In any event, I want to be very clear 
about one thing. The purpose of the U.S. ExportImport Bank is to support American jobs by boosting U.S. exports. The Bank exists to serve American interests. So when we withhold financing from the potential foreign purchaser of a U.S. product or service, we are only hurting ourselves. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), 
this amendment. This amendment incorrectly presumes that sovereign wealth funds have some special linkage to export financing. Sovereign wealth funds do not have a direct link to export credit financing. 
about one of his favorite companies, Delta, who complains about the ExportImport Bank while ignoring the OECD and existing mechanisms established to address this, for example, the Open Skies laws. I repeat. Sovereign wealth funds do not have a direct link to export credit financing. 
California that this cannot be taken seriously. I urge Members to oppose it. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
let’s remind everybody that it has been asserted here that you would pass this amendment to protect taxpayers, and the exact opposite is the truth. 
ExportImport Bank has transferred money into the U.S. Treasury to reduce the deficit. If you want to reduce the deficit, vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
amendments somehow constitute reform as opposed to the underlying bill. It is not true. This is the biggest package of reforms ever enacted for ExIm. 
smallbusiness target from 20 to 25 percent, codifies the chief risk officer and the risk management committee, provides and requires external audits of fraud controls, provides for upgrades and modernization of IT long overdue, expands loss reserves to 5 percent, reduces exposure of the portfolio from $140 billion to $135. Lastly, it has a pilot program for a reinsurance program shifted to the private sector. 
amendments. These amendments are designed to kill the bill. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. Vote for reform. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendments. 
from South Carolina has 3 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 2 minutes remaining. 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, regarding reforms, looking at the underlying legislation that we dealt with last week, those reforms either already existed, have been in place and been ignored by the ExIm Bank—we have been waiting several years since the last time I voted against the ExIm Bank for these reforms, and they don’t do it; they have been ignored—or it is ignorance or malfeasance regarding traditional or standard business or Bank practices. 
because this proposal would prevent the ExIm Bank from providing financing to any foreign company or joint venture that benefits from government support when that joint venture’s country also has a sovereign wealth fund over $100 billion. Why in the world would we want to subsidize a joint venture that has or could have state backing from its own country? 
fiscal year 2014, applying this provision would have resulted in an estimated reduction of approximately $3.1 billion or only 15 percent of the Bank’s total authorizations, far from killing it, but, again, allowing a needed reform that isn’t in the underlying legislation we dealt with this week. 
I urge support for this amendment. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ). 
know great public speeches, but this is the biggest package of reforms since President Reagan. 
The Bank actually returns on an average of $500 million to $1 billion to the Treasury every year. It is not costing the taxpayer a dime. 
These are a few companies: Abro Industries, South Bend, Indiana; Auburn Leather Company, Auburn, Kentucky; Metropolitan Air Technology, Chicago, Illinois; Advanced Protection Technologies, Clearwater, Florida. Several companies, Mr. Chair, that will not be in business if we kill the ExportImport Bank. All you hear from the opposition are excuses, trying to kill the Export Import Bank. 
matter, Mr. Chairman, but the facts are this doesn’t cost the taxpayers. The facts are we are doing more to reform 
years. This is a Republican reform package. Let’s put the politics aside here and do what is best for our constituents, the folks back home. 
Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
let’s turn this amendment down. Let’s turn back all of these amendments. 
to try to fix the problem that one company has in one sector in one region of the world. Some people might define that as crony capitalism. Others might even call it an earmark. 
these back. Let’s get on with our business. I’m sorry we have to go through this this evening. 
friend from Tennessee, let’s do the facts. Simple amendment because, without it, you have all decided to subsidize the uberwealthy in the world. 
Think about it. You have made a decision to use our import credit facility, our constituents’ credit, to subsidize great wealth around the world. That is what you have decided to do here. 
I thought there was a battle here between the right and the left and the left always said, ‘‘We are for the little guy.’’ Here is your chance. 
that—are you thrilled with the concept of a sovereign wealth fund coming out of Indonesia? Malaysia? Others? We are going to guarantee the loan instruments on the back of our taxpayers. 
Come on. At some point, the argument is absurd saying: Well, you had a chance to do this last week. No, we didn’t. You chose to do a closed rule. You did. You had every opportunity to do an open rule and give us the chance to put these actual reforms in. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
they don’t get what a sovereign wealth fund is. It just is a balance of payments between countries, and I think that it is a dilatory argument. 
Chairman, that somehow this is a convoluted linkage. No, it is not. It is pretty straightforward. The Bank shall not guarantee or extend credit in connection with a transaction with a foreign company or joint venture, including a foreign company, that benefits from support from a foreign government if the foreign government has a sovereign wealth fund with an aggregate value of at least $100 billion. I have no idea how that is convoluted, Mr. Chairman. That is about as straightforward as you get. If you are involved in a sovereign wealth fund, you don’t get taxpayer money. 
The other thing I heard is that this is 
to protect one customer, one client. That is absurd. This is designed to protect 150 million American taxpayers. 
The last thing I heard was this is not 
serious. Yes, it is. Anytime we have the opportunity to put American taxpayers in front of foreign taxpayers, I think that would be very serious. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman and Members, this desperate attempt by my friends on the opposite side of the aisle, this last minute attempt to try and kill ExIm, is laughable. 
this House to simply see it for what it is and vote against it. Vote ‘‘no’’ on these amendments and this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
such losses shall be borne by the Bank; the second $100,000,000 of such losses shall be borne by the Secretary of the Treasury; and any losses in excess thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘all losses’’; and 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
Mr. Chairman, this one is fairly simple. We have heard now for the last halfhour or so how much money the Treasury gets from the ExportImport Bank, how profitable the ExportImport Bank is for the American taxpayer. Okay. That is great. 
between the ExportImport Bank and the guarantee that the Treasury gives to it. Let’s let the ExportImport Bank rise and fall on its own economics and its own balance sheet and not put the taxpayer on the hook. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
strident opposition to this amendment. I think that this amendment really tells the story that they really are trying to destroy the ExportImport Bank as opposed to reform it. How can you deny borrowing authority to a lending institution and say you are serious about having it stay alive? 
managing risk by keeping its overall debt rate below one quarter of 1 percent, far better than most private banks, in fact. 
The ExportImport Bank reauthorization already includes the creation of a permanent chief risk officer role, establishing a risk management committee, enhancing the Bank’s loan loss reserves, among other reforms. 
safer and better run than before, making this amendment transparently unnecessary. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ). 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Chair, to the gentlewoman’s comments, this does show an attempt to kill the Bank. 
When we go back home to our districts, a lot of times we are on the tail end of jokes, being Congressmen and Congresswomen, and sometimes they talk about us being a little slow. 
So let me go over the facts one more 
time for the gentleman from South Carolina. The Bank doesn’t cost the taxpayer a penny. We are doing more in the way of reforms than since President Reagan. It returns $500 million to $1 billion a year back to the Treasury. 
the position to kill the Bank, but this kills jobs. This is about jobs in Tennessee, jobs in California, jobs in Oklahoma, jobs in Illinois. 
China, Russia, and all of these other countries are just hoping that we make the mistake and we don’t reauthorize the charter of the ExportImport Bank. 
play politics as usual and worry about these outside groups and our political scores, Mr. Chairman. Isn’t it sad that we would worry about some score with an outside group more than our districts and more than our constituents that have jobs because of the Export Import Bank? We should be ashamed of ourselves. 
‘‘no’’ on all these amendments, and let’s get to the serious business of the people’s House. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). 
amendment to shield taxpayers from bailing out the ExportImport Bank. 
the last 45 minutes, and I have heard my good friend from Frog Jump, Tennessee, comment, and I think he said the ExportImport Bank doesn’t cost taxpayers one penny, okay? That was the quote, doesn’t cost one penny. But what this amendment does is guarantee that the ExportImport Bank won’t cost the taxpayer one penny because the taxpayer is not going to be on the hook. But then I just heard my good friend from Tennessee say, if we pass this amendment, it is going to kill the Bank. 
it kills the Bank if you don’t have a backstop because it costs the taxpayers money, or it doesn’t cost the taxpayers any money and this amendment won’t kill the Bank. But you can’t have it both ways. It does not work that way. 
Listen, this makes sense. The ExportImport Bank helps the 10 largest businesses in America. Why are moms and dads and families in Wausau, Wisconsin, or Hayward, Wisconsin, Frog Jump, Tennessee, the suburbs of Chicago, or rural Oklahoma, who make $50,000, $60,000—maybe a little more in the Chicago suburbs—why are they the backstop for these biggest corporations? 
let’s take the backstop of that taxpayer, those American families, let’s take them off the hook. As the author of the amendment said, let’s let the Bank stand on their own. Let them make that guarantee on their own. 
loans to small businesses every single day. I know the gentlewoman from Wisconsin knows that. There is not a taxpayer backstop to those loans. If they don’t pay those loans back, the bank loses. Why are the biggest corporations getting the backstop of the American taxpayer? This one makes sense. This one makes sense. Let’s all stand together and say the 
American taxpayer, the American family is not going to back up the biggest banks. Let’s get away from the crony capitalism. It is not going to kill the Bank. It is a good amendment. This is the place and the time for reform. Maybe it should have happened 6 months ago, but with regular order, it gets to happen today. Let’s stand together for American families and against crony capitalism. 
Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). 
Chairman, it is interesting in these great conversations, good debate, nobody has said that this doesn’t make money for the taxpayers. They try to make the link and everything else, and that is fine. 
well, if this amendment kills the Bank, it is because, et cetera, et cetera. This amendment is aimed to kill the Bank because it is a poison pill amendment on ExIm. That is what all these amendments are. They are attempting a lastditch effort to destroy something that has really, frankly, provided a lot of jobs in my district and provided a lot of exports from my district. 
Protecting taxpayers from what, an extra $500 million? Are we protecting them from a smaller deficit? It doesn’t make sense. I am not sure why certain folks have made this the hill to die on. There are a lot of better hills to die on, to fight, to argue in this. 
I will tell you a quick story. I went 
to Ethiopia 6 months ago or so. I flew to Ethiopia on a Boeing Dreamliner. Now, I know a lot of people like to call out names of big companies, but I didn’t go to Ethiopia on Ethiopian Airlines on an Airbus. The fact that I was on a Boeing Dreamliner means that the parts and components are made in my district for that Dreamliner, which means there are people who have a job because Ethiopian Airlines bought a Boeing. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I have listened carefully to the arguments that are being made on the opposite side of the aisle, and I listened carefully to Mr. DUFFY . Evidently, he 
does not know or does not understand that those big corporations that he talked about are hiring small businesses in his district. He does not understand that these are the suppliers to these big companies. These are the families who are benefiting from the jobs and the contracts that they have been able to get. 
the opposite side of the aisle, they really don’t understand the ExIm Bank. They really don’t understand its support for our ability to export, thus creating jobs. 
about how great our country is and how competitive we are, how competitive we need to be, they don’t understand that, just as Mr. FINCHER said, 
other countries such as China are just hoping that we cannot reopen this Bank. They are just hoping that we will not support our exporters, because they are going to support their exporters 100 percent. 
about contracts, if you care about small businesses, you would not be opposing this Bank. As a matter of fact, there are those who would say: I am surprised that MAXINE WATERS is such 
an advocate for the ExIm Bank; we did not expect her to be. But I want you to know, I have worked with the Chamber of Commerce. I have held meetings in my district. 
couple different things. I am a little surprised, Mr. Chairman, to hear some of the advocates here today because some of them, including the most recent speaker, were actually against the Bank when there was a different party in charge of the White House. 
about jobs, jobs being created. By the way, that is a claim that not even the ExportImport Bank makes on its own. It has never come into our committee and said, ‘‘We create jobs.’’ It comes into our committee and says, ‘‘We support jobs.’’ We are not really sure what that means. We have asked them. They are not really sure how to count it. In fact, there is really good evidence that they are counting it wrong. 
Mr. Chairman, that they do create jobs. They also destroy jobs. Every time the government gets involved in the market and creates jobs someplace, they destroy it someplace else. It is just much harder to see. So it is very difficult for us to say: Look, this job was destroyed by the ExportImport Bank. 
banks in rural South Carolina can’t go to the Treasury and borrow money for free every time they want to. If they could, they might be able to create some more jobs as well. 
Mr. Chairman, plain and simple. That is all this is. Are there going to be winners? Absolutely. There is a lot of them, as a matter of fact. In fact, you 
can go buy stock in some of them if 
you want to. Are there losers? Absolutely. You will never see them. You will never see them. They are in Union County, South Carolina, maybe. I don’t know because we will never see the jobs that are not created because of the distortion created by the Bank. 
not to kill the Bank. If the Bank really is as profitable as you say it is, this should be fine. 
By the way, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) has left and said 
that no one is getting up to say the Bank doesn’t make money. Here I am. The Bank doesn’t make money. First of all, if you made it count right, it wouldn’t make any money. But, in my lifetime, we have had to bail this institution out to the tune of billions of dollars. How soon we forget those types of things, Mr. Chairman. 
We are going to pass this amendment. It is not designed to kill the Bank. It is designed to get the taxpayers off the hook in case the Bank makes the same mistakes today that it has made in the past. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635), as amended by section 95001 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
EXPOSURE .—If, as of the end of a fiscal year, 
SINGLE EXPORTER .—If, in a fiscal year, a person has benefitted from more than 10 percent of the total dollar amount of credit assistance provided by the Bank in the fiscal year, the Bank may not guarantee, insure, or extend (participate in the extension of) credit so as to benefit the person until the beginning of the 2nd succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
group last year under the auspices of the chairman of the Committee on Financial Services with, amongst other people, the good gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ), who has now left 
us for dinner. No, there he is. One of the things that the opponents and proponents of the Bank could all agree on was the fact that the Bank was poorly run when it came to managing its risk. Specifically, it has what bankers call market concentration. It puts too many of its eggs in one basket. In fact, one particular industry, aircraft and avionics, takes up almost 30 percent of the Bank’s portfolio. 
who worked with us. He said no selfrespecting private sector bank would ever allow that to happen. That is simply bad management. It is not credible management. It is not responsible management to the shareholders. The bad news here, of course, Mr. Chairman, is the shareholders are the people who pay us. 
tries to bring some of the private sector sanity into the ExportImport Bank and say: Look, you are going to have to abide by rules that ensure diversification of risk, both within industries and across companies. 
just a political extension of the current administration, they would probably be doing this. If the Bank was run by a banker and not a political bundler, the Bank would probably already be doing this. But since it is a political extension of this administration, since it is run by a political bundler and not a banker, it falls to us to make sure that the Bank follows some commonsense rules about to whom it lends and how much it lends to them. 
Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
Carolina is offering an amendment designed to kill the ExIm Bank and compromise its reauthorization in the highway bill conference. By imposing arbitrary caps on the Bank’s ability to meet the needs of American exporters, regardless of the sector they represent, the amendment would starve certain sectors of the financing they need, resulting in a needless loss of U.S. jobs. 
would also create incentives for businesses to be the first in line to get the limited amount of financing that is available for that particular sector or industry and would also undermine its mandates to serve subSaharan Africa, small businesses, and renewable energy exports. 
Given the Bank’s extremely low default rate, it is hard to envision how this amendment would help the Bank better manage its portfolio. 
pill amendment so that we can reauthorize the ExIm Bank without delay. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
amendments are getting more and more strange as the evening wears on. 
I think, is that it picks winners and losers, and yet here is an amendment that does exactly that. It puts these artificial caps on sectors. Mr. Chairman, this Bank is demand driven, and if the world demands shifts, why would we create barriers to U.S. firms meeting that demand? These caps just mean that the U.S. can’t compete for growing market trends. 
I urge the Members to reject this so we can reauthorize the Bank immediately. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT). 
opposition to my friend Mr. MULVANEY ’s amendment. He is a friend. 
I do want to say that this amendment puts not only a cap, but statutory quotas on industry sectors for the full 5year authorization. It ignores market forces. 
French quota system in their export credit agency, which is ineffective. Rapidly developing industries like unconventional gas—and I represent a gas State, where we do a lot of Marcellus shale—and the industrial Internet would be disadvantaged under this policy. 
rush to be the first in the door and get under the arbitrary cap, resulting in missed opportunities and inequitable treatment of U.S. exporters and U.S. workers. This would make the Bank ineffective and unable to fill in the gaps in the private sector or to help American businesses compete on a level playing field. 
I also have to note, too, that I suspect that many of the amendments that we are seeing here tonight are not designed to make the bill better, but to simply take it down. As I said, Mr. MULVANEY is my friend, but I suspect if 
his amendment is adopted, he probably still wouldn’t be inclined to support the legislation, unless he tells me otherwise. 
from South Carolina has 3 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from California has 2 minutes remaining. 
about that one, Mr. Chairman, when I was making my notes, because I was in a committee meeting today with the same folks making the argument now, saying that Congress does that all the time. In fact, I think the person who made that argument is sitting across the aisle from me today. 
argument now in opposition to this amendment aren’t in charge of private banks. In fact, if they were, they would probably be in jail, because a lot of the same restrictions on lending that are contained in DoddFrank are exactly the rules that the ExportImport Bank is breaking right now. 
We would never tolerate a private institution that allows the type of concentration, both marketwise and geographically, that the ExportImport Bank has. DoddFrank would never permit it. Apparently, now it is okay, because we don’t have private shareholders on the hook. We have taxpayers on the hook. So, if things go bad, it is really not that big a deal. I will remind everyone here, Mr. 
Chairman, that the inspector general’s report has suggested exactly the type of reforms that are contained in this amendment. Anyone with any banking experience or even people from Tennessee with just a little common sense might be able to look at the balance sheet of this Bank and say: ‘‘Wait a second. There is too much concentration of various industries. There is too much concentration of various geographic areas. This is a really, really bad way to run a bank.’’ 
And it would be, of course, if this is 
a bank. But it is not a bank. It is a government program. It should be run like a bank, however. And that is what this amendment gives us the opportunity to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
is relevant that we think for a moment about the Bank. 
these amendments—which, I would remind you, you should vote against all of them—say that they are not trying to kill the Bank. They are trying to do something. 
Isn’t it no longer able to do new business? Isn’t that the definition of dead? By their lack of action, which is inaction, they killed it. Now they say, with their actions, they will resurrect it? Not likely, my friends. 
Let’s get on with the core business here. Let’s fight the fight we fought last week again, and one more time let’s give American business an opportunity to compete with the rest of the world. 
this three or four more times, but let’s keep doing the right thing for American workers. Let’s keep doing the right thing for American business. That is all I am asking: just do the right thing and abide by the decision of the House and the majority of the majority. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from South Carolina suggested that the ExportImport Bank was a political extension of this administration. If that is true, let’s be real clear: it has been a political extension of every single administration since it was created in 1934. 
ExportImport, all 13—Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives. Sixteen times it has bean reauthorized in this Chamber. Virtually every time, it was done unanimously and overwhelmingly. In earlier remarks, the other gentleman suggested that those of us who oppose these amendments are trying to have it both ways. They also say that we try to pick winners and losers with the ExportImport Bank. 
picking winners and losers. It compels diversification. It is not based on need and not based on creditworthiness. Diversification for diversification’s sake, that is not what a good bank does, and that is not what the ExportImport Bank does. The ExportImport Bank meets a specific need in the marketplace; and when it does it, it creates jobs, jobs for Americans. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
closing on all of these amendments, I want to touch on something we haven’t had a chance to talk about here today. 
There are a lot of people in here who 
are apparently very proud of the Bank. They are happy with the way the Bank is run. They don’t think that, but for some token reforms and changes, the Bank needs to change very much at all. 
The last 6 years have been 75 years of 
combined prison time because of wrongdoing at the Bank. There were 90 
criminal indictments and complaints, 49 criminal judgments, and more than $223 million—a quarter of a billion dollars—in courtordered fines and restitution because of wrongdoing at the Bank. 
We are proud of that? That is something that doesn’t need serious overhaul? That is something we can just tweak around the edges because we 
Maybe it has been a really, really long time since we have looked at this Bank under the microscope like we should. Maybe we should not have rubberstamped it for the past 16 administrations. Maybe the Bank should have followed the law that we passed in 2012 to reform itself. 
What does it say about an institution, Mr. Chairman, that ignores the law that this Chamber passes, the Senate passes, and the President signs? You combine that which can only be described as bureaucratic arrogance with this—prison time, criminal indictments, judgments, fines and restitutions—and you have an institution that is in sad need of reform, Mr. Chairman, and this is it. 
tonight are your only opportunity to do that. We could have done it the other day on the motion to discharge, but it was finely tuned so that that could not happen. This is it. We should pass not only this amendment, Mr. Chairman, but all of the amendments. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
EXPORTER REQUIRED AS A CONDITION OF PROVIDING GUARANTEE OR EXTENDING CREDIT TO FOREIGN PERSON. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635), as amended by section 95001 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) pledges collateral in an amount sufficient to cover the applicable percentage for the fiscal year of the amount guaranteed by the United States company; and 
company is senior to any other obligation of the United States company. 
with respect to the provision of a guarantee or credit in connection with an export by a small business concern (as defined in section 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and 
of this amendment, Mr. Chairman. The House finally has an opportunity to begin today what may be a yearslong process of unwinding the Federal Government’s massive loan guarantees. We need to do this to better protect hardworking taxpayer dollars so we can ensure that, when bills come due in 10 years for Social Security, Medicare, and veterans’ benefits, we will be able to meet these commitments that Americans have earned and deserve. 
businesses and ensures they can continue to export goods and services. In short, it is a winwin for taxpayers and job creators alike. 
protect the American taxpayer in the event that an overseas purchaser takes out a loan from the ExportImport Bank and stops paying it back. While the loan will still have a taxpayer guarantee, the U.S. exporter that directly profits on the deal will be responsible for a percentage of the loss before you go to the taxpayers. 
One need only look at the details surrounding the deal with NewSat, a troubled satellite operator in Australia, to see why this amendment is necessary. The American taxpayer lost $139 million of a direct loan from the Export Import Bank because the deal wasn’t properly collateralized. Hardworking taxpayers should not be left paying for these risky loans. 
This is vitally important, Mr. Chairman. This amendment will allow elected Representatives to cast a vote on 
whether it is fair and prudent to facilitate transactions where profits stay in the private sector, but losses are passed on to taxpayers. This is often described as ‘‘privatize the profits, but socialize the losses.’’ 
First, it does not apply if any exporter is a small business. According to the ExportImport Bank’s own figures, nearly 90 percent of the Bank’s transactions directly serve small businesses. This amendment does not touch this 90 percent and will not impact local mom andpop businesses. 
foreign government or corporation takes out a loan from the ExportImport Bank to buy their products or services, if that foreign purchaser then defaults on the loan, before dipping into the Bank’s reserves—which belong to the taxpayers—the big businesses would have to repay a percentage of the loan. 
To minimize any potential disruptions, this reform is phased in gradually over the next decade, starting at a 
mere 10 percent for any lending that occurs in fiscal year 2016, 20 percent in fiscal year 2017, and so on. Loans will still get made, the Bank will still operate, but the American taxpayers will have a layer of protection that will mitigate any chance of the ExportImport Bank requesting a bailout, as it did in 1987 to the tune of $3 billion. 
American taxpayers are today the guarantor of more than $3 trillion in loans backed by numerous agencies, including the ExportImport Bank. This level of taxpayer leverage is not sustainable; and in 10 years, when we look into the faces of our seniors and our veterans, I want to have the confidence that we will have the resources we need to uphold the commitments we have made to them. 
this amendment are a small step towards achieving that end. We can—we must—start this process today. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. 
for yielding, and I thank her for her tremendous leadership on this issue. I join her; Mr. HECKof Washington; our 
MOORE of Wisconsin; and so many others on the Republican side of the aisle who have been such strong leaders on reauthorization of the ExIm Bank. 
raised here that I think are in need of response. 
opposition to it and state that the Bank’s portfolio is wellcollateralized, especially in the largest product sector, and it maintains a loss rate of less than onequarter of 1 percent. 
through user fees collected from foreign customers, and has generated a surplus of close to $7 billion, money that has been sent to the U.S. Treasury to help reduce the deficit. 
talked about some incidences of fraud that he said were associated with the Bank. I think it is important for our colleagues and those who are listening to this debate to know that those incidences of fraud were fraud exacted upon the Bank, not by the Bank; and so the charge that this fraud was within the Bank is just simply not true. These were people who tried to defraud the Bank. 
that the members of the staff of the Bank referred to or called out—one incident. So I just don’t want anyone to 
That is why we have an IG, and that 
is why it is so good that in this bill, in terms of fraud and ethics, it creates a nonpartisan chief ethics officer and requires a GAO review at least once every 4 years of the Bank’s fraud controls. 
the fact is the Bank should not be associated with fraud that is being exacted against it as if it was committing fraud. That is just not so. 
are debating an issue that has strong bipartisan support, that creates jobs, that reduces the deficit, that increases our competitiveness overseas, that enables U.S. companies to have markets for our products overseas, not only big businesses that are addressed in this amendment. That is important as well. 
businesses who would not have the internal resources to find markets abroad, the ExIm Bank is created for that purpose. 
have been so much a part of bringing this legislation to the floor. I think it is a victory for the American people that we will have a bill that not only is good for our highways and in terms of transportation, but also reauthorizes the ExIm Bank in order to agree with the language in the Senate bill. 
well intentioned or well thought out, have the additional burden of taking down the Bank. Maybe you save them for another day, but in the here and now, we do not need any amendments on the ExIm Bank in the transportation bill just because the ExIm Bank is authorized in the transportation bill in the Senate. 
our own authorization. I would hope that the Senate would agree to our language unamended. 
made this evening possible, and I look forward to a celebration of passing a highway bill that does not take down the ExIm Bank. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
I am not as calm as the Leader in her remarks because I think enough is enough. 
amendment but to a previous speaker: I cannot help but be reminded of Joseph Welch during the McCarthy hearings when he said: Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? 
With one exception, these indictments were people outside the Bank trying to defraud the Bank; yet, it is offered here today as a reflection on 
default rate that is onetenth the rate of transactions in trade by the private sector, onetenth. 
the envy of the commercial banking sector. They transfer funds to the Treasury, $6 billion or $7 billion in the last generation. That is what these hardworking people do. 
reflect on all of these people who are hardworking civil servants, who are doing the job, and who are reducing the deficit. 
jobs. What does ‘‘support’’ mean? Create or save. The GAO says that, not me, the GAO. So stop it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ). 
The Bank doesn’t lose taxpayer dollars. It returns money to the Treasury every year, $500 million to $1 billion. 
We are reforming. This is a Republican reform bill. We should be happy when Democrats want to cross the aisle and support Republican ideas. This is a Republican reform bill. 
argument on this amendment, the aircraft section of the portfolio is over on collateral 1.4 to 1. 
This is sad when people put their political scorecards above their constituents. This is about jobs in all of our districts. 
facts are that this creates lots of jobs at no cost, and we are reforming the Bank. 
Chairman, and maybe we would have more than 313 votes next time we vote on this. 
heard a number of times tonight that the Bank doesn’t cost anything. But if you take a look at the Congressional Budget Office analysis and if you use fair value accounting, it costs $2 billion over 10 years. And there will be an amendment later on talking about that. 
I think people forget about the $3 billion taxpayer bailout that ExportImport asked for in 1987. 
were fine until they weren’t, and they left the taxpayers with a $150 billion tab. 
Mr. Chairman, looking at the debt that this country continues to accrue and thinking about the obligations that we have to meet in 2025 for our seniors, for 
our veterans. I want to make sure that we are not going to have a bailout at that time of this institution. 
bears the risk of loss, the taxpayer or the entities that made the profit. It is phased in over time. Small businesses are protected. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
the provision requires U.S. business to factor in new costs of a guarantee for repayment to the ExIm Bank, in addition to the fees and interests already required. Those additional costs would make U.S. business less competitive. 
colleagues to turn back this amendment, turn back all 10 amendments. 
When my friends say they don’t want to kill it, they already have. Now they are just trying to keep it from being brought back to be able to function as a part of our economy. 
Look through the amendment process we are going through here. Look at the whole process we are involved in. Understand what is really occurring. 
politics—right?—or the legislative process. Understand the fight we are engaged in. 
back all these amendments. Let’s get on with it. If we could have made things better 6 months ago, we would have, but we weren’t allowed to. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment has been offered in an attempt to delay and derail the Bank’s reauthorization. 
gentleman’s amendment that ExIm is undertaking and mismanaging excessive risk, it is important to be clear on the fact that the Bank has a portfolio that is well diversified regionally and by sector, spread across over 170 countries and dozens of industries. 
collateralized, especially in its larger product sector, and it maintains the loss rate of less than onequarter of 1 percent. 
Moreover, ExIm Bank’s strong portfolio has withstood the test of numerous market disruptions in the past. 
largely through user fees collected from foreign customers and has generated a surplus of close to $7 billion, money that has been sent to the U.S. Treasury to help lower our deficit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, again, 
Freddie Mac and the $150 billion loss that those institutions incurred. 
Bank. It allows loans to continue to be made. It simply puts a firewall between a potential loss and the taxpayers. Who bears the risk of loss? The taxpayers or the entity that made the profit? 
in over time 10 percent the first year, just 10 percent—that is a miniscule ask—that those who make a profit from this Bank have a little skin in the game. Small businesses are exempted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
lease of any product by a country that is designated as a statesponsor of terrorism, or any agency or national thereof; or’’; and 
inserting ‘‘or a statesponsor of terrorism’’ before the period; 
(but only to the extent applicable with respect to MarxistLeninist countries)’’; and 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and a 
explain to my colleagues at the outset that I, frankly, think we should voice vote this amendment without objection. I think it is misguided to oppose it because this amendment is not part of this fight over ExIm. 
amendment is over, is my experience in terms of the President using waivers. I will explain to you my worry if we don’t close this loophole, which I frankly think it would be very easy to close because I think the Senate would agree with us. 
guarantees obviously would be absolutely off limits to state sponsors of terrorism if we write the law correctly. The worst of the worst—Iran, Syria, Sudan—should have the Bank door slammed shut, period. 
operated in recent years is Iran. This is because of our sanctions. But, of course, much of this sanctions regime is going to be suspended, misguidedly, as part of the President’s nuclear deal. 
So what does that mean? For one, the administration is committed to making it possible for Iran to purchase commercial aircraft. I think we can all agree, ExIm supporters and opponents alike, that Iran should not be entitled to American taxpayerfinanced aircraft deals. 
commercial airlines to support its terrorist proxies. Its commercial flights are now flying military personnel to Syria. When I say ‘‘now,’’ I mean right now. Iran is on a roll in the region undermining our partners and backing the murderous Assad regime in Syria. 
notably in the Foreign Assistance Act, do prevent ExIm from engaging with state sponsors of terrorism. But these commonsense prohibitions are subject to Presidential waivers, and we have seen the President abuse waivers to pursue his agenda over and over again on Iran, no matter what Congress thinks. 
Without consulting Congress, the administration signed us up for an agreement that will waive sanctions year after year until Iran has nuclear breakout capability. That is the way I think this ends. 
So, Mr. Chairman, the Foreign Affairs Committee that I chair is continuing to examine the Iran agreement in great detail. We understand how this administration has abused its authority to force a deal that allows the Ayatollah to keep a path to a nuclear weapon, in my view, with little regard for the views of the American people or their Representatives in Congress. 
This is not just about Iran. The administration is unilaterally bending, ignoring, and rewriting law to advance his agenda here at home toward Cuba and elsewhere. 
executive overreach. It would strengthen existing law by prohibiting any bank activities in connection with the purchase or lease of any product by a country that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to include any agency or national of that government, and it prohibits the waivers that are currently exercised by the President. 
That means that anyone who is a national of Iran or an appendage of that state sponsor of terrorism cannot benefit from the Bank. The Iranian Government and its Revolutionary Guards—which is increasingly involved in transportation, in energy, in construction, and in telecommunications— are set to profit from the President’s nuclear agreement. Now, that is bad enough. But they shouldn’t be getting ExIm backing on top of that. 
with this President with the waivers he has already given, I want that loophole closed. I don’t think there is a reason for a debate on this. I think it should be voicevoted, and I think the Senate will concur in that. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
the one most clearly aimed at fracturing the majority coalition that has overwhelmingly backed the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
to vote for this amendment, I urge you to keep in mind that you would also be voting to send the ExIm provision in this bill to conference and directly into the hands of Chairman HENSARLING and 
Act as well as the omnibus spending bill the House adopted last December both prohibit ExIm support to state sponsors of terrorism, and there is no reason to believe that will change. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge Members to appreciate the extraordinary efforts it has taken Members on both sides of the aisle to get us to this point, and I call on my colleagues to reject this poison pill amendment that is designed to upend the reauthorization of the Bank. 
Mr. Chairman, it is my understanding that, with or without passage of this amendment, the transportation bill with the ExIm language is going to conference with the Senate. That is the next step in this procedure. 
understand some have been told that this in some way affects that conference. I don’t think so. It is going to go to conference. I do not understand the reason to object to this because I think, frankly, whether you are for Ex Im or against ExIm, at the end of the day, you don’t want the President to have this particular waiver. I don’t think Members here want that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), who has had so much courage. 
about the substance of the amendment, let’s look at the lay of the land. I am a farmer by trade. That is always something you do, you look at the lay of the land. 
amendments offered today, all members of Financial Services, none of them were proponents 6 months ago when we were attempting, pleading to bring this bill up for consideration. 
None of these six, as I remember, demanded that we bring the bill up 3 months ago when frustration caught up with us. None of these six signed the discharge petition to use a rule of the House to allow this body to have its say. I don’t believe any of these six authors actually voted to discharge the petition or voted for the final product last week when 313 Members of this body and a majority of the majority voted for it. So understand the lay of 
the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I sat next to him for 20 years on Financial Services. He is extremely sincere. My friends, the issues he brings up in this amendment are relevant, but his chairmanship of the committee he presides over has primary jurisdiction on this. 
This particular amendment would address a small part of one part of the things the Federal Government does. Maybe we need a bill to address all of these kinds of situations. Maybe we need—as we should have had on ExportImport in Financial Services—a thoughtful and considerate process to craft a good, solid piece of legislation. I know he is capable of it. I know he can do it. I want him to do it. 
But let’s do it in that concept of regular order in regular process. Let’s not take this situation where we have had to do extraordinary things to give the House a chance to make the decision. Let’s not take this situation now and in the spirit of the folks who set up the discharge process 100plus years ago say: Well, the House decided, but really the House’s opinion doesn’t matter. Now we are going to redo it. We are going to go a different way. 
evening that, after my colleagues have listened to this debate on 10 amendments, when they come to the floor and vote on all 10 amendments, they will turn all 10 down. I am sorry, my colleagues, that you have to do this, because we shouldn’t be here doing this tonight. This was decided last week. 
But I hope if we will send a clear 
message and turn back all 10 amendments, that this will be over with. Let’s not do this again next week. That is contrary to the spirit of the House. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN), another member the Financial 
tremendous respect for the author and his intention here, but any amendment to the ExIm title means the ExIm title is open to the conference, which will kill the ExIm Bank. So we should not adopt an amendment that mostly restates existing law. We have, already, provisions which prevent the Bank from financing state sponsors of terrorism. 
I helped draft, prohibits them from extending loans or any assistance to any entity that violates U.S. sanctions. 
the Foreign Assistance Act prohibits any aid to state sponsors of terrorism but allows for a Presidential waiver, but that is a national security waiver, which is very limited. 
amendment because it has caused the ExIm Bank to issue, just an hour ago, a pledge not to seek any waiver under any circumstances that they can concurrently conceive of. 
last 10 appropriations bills have an absolute ban on the ExIm Bank helping state sponsors of terror, and there is no waiver allowed. Now, I would like the next omnibus bill, which already has this provision in it, to have the gentleman’s language in it as well, and I look forward to working on that. 
your letter outlining the position of the Bank in opposition to support for exports to countries designated state sponsors of terrorism. 
As we have discussed, there may be an effort to sell or lease civilian aircraft to Iran Air or other Iranian airlines, and that there may be efforts to secure export credit agency support for such sales or leases. I am therefore grateful for your acknowledgement that there is no scenario that you currently foresee where a Presidential Waiver would be sought to provide loans for export of any items to these countries or any person from those countries. 
and even bizarre circumstances may arise in international affairs; but given the current state of our relations with these countries, I am pleased to hear that you cannot anticipate any scenario where we would provide ExIm Bank assistance to state sponsors of terrorism. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SCHWEIKERT  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
statements of the Bank in accordance with fair value accounting principles.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) and a 
let’s do some basic accounting, something we would all remember from our accounting 101 class. How many times tonight in the debate have we had the discussion: Oh, ExIm Bank, its losses are absolutely tiny? I have heard numbers tonight of 1.7 percent. But do any of you remember the hearing with the head of the ExportImport Bank where we asked the question: Can you tell me your impairment? 
Bank just stared at us with really angry eyes. He just stared at us. It turns out that the Bank games their losses. This is how they report such a great number. 
your neighborhood bank has a loan on the books that has sat there for 55 years without a payment,’’ wouldn’t you think that would have not been in the impairment category that is not reported under their current accounting methodology, but would have been charged off or forced to be charged off? Could you imagine a DoddFrankregulated bank keeping a loan with no payment for 55 years? They still have a $36 million loan to preCastro Cuba on their books. We found lots of this sort of stuff because of the accounting methodology. 
very simple. It just basically says to do what the rest of the financial world has to do and use fair value accounting. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), which would do little to 
strengthen or improve the ExportImport Bank. Rather, the amendment is a cynical attempt to inaccurately and artificially inflate the cost of the programs offered by the Bank. All this would achieve is confusion regarding the realworld state of the Bank’s fiscal health. 
Import Bank has been extraordinarily careful in its risk management, which has resulted in a dividend to taxpayers of close to $7 billion. This is real money, and to pretend it isn’t real for accounting purposes just isn’t credible. 
House and Senate have passed identical reauthorization measures that deliberately excluded this provision, and adding it back now would only serve to undermine the Bank’s reauthorization. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to oppose this amendment. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), who serves on the Financial 
Bank is important. That is why Ronald Reagan said on January 30, 1984, that the ExportImport Bank contributes in a significant way to our Nation’s export sales. We should not adopt an unnecessary amendment, the effect of which would be to kill the Bank. 
Now, this amendment deals with accounting. As cochair of the CPA Caucus, I understand the importance of solid accounting rules. As a CPA, we are the referees that make sure that accounting rules are followed. 
value accounting, more properly described as fantasy value accounting. Don’t confuse fair value accounting with anything that is used in private enterprise or anywhere else. It is not the same as generally accepted accounting principles. Stick with generally accepted accounting principles. 
Stick with the principles consistent with the CBO, and those principles show you that the Bank makes money for the Treasury, which is why it transfers half a billion to a billion dollars a year. 
don’t look at whether the Bank is making money. We look at whether they would be making money if we lived in a fair world. So you would say, for example, in looking at the cost of funds and what it takes to borrow money, you could look at the accounting statements of Pizza Hut and say: Don’t look at what they actually paid as interest costs, but what they would have paid in a fair world where they had the same interest rate as Jack’s Pizzeria. b2145 
world. But the fact is, generally accepted accounting principles are to determine whether a company or entity is making or losing money in the real world. Stick with generally accepted accounting principles. Stick with the CBO. Stick with the CPAs. Stick with GAAP. Say ‘‘no’’ to fantasy value accounting. 
friend from California would be happy to know CBO actually supports fair value accounting. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ), a real champion and a leader 
again, let’s go back to the facts. The facts are this is a Republican reform bill. The gentleman from South Carolina is listening. This doesn’t cost the taxpayer a dime. 
that are trying to kill the Bank are not going to work. This returns $500 million to $1 billion per year to the Treasury to help pay down the debt. 
to this talk about us picking winners and losers, the supporters of the ExIm Bank. Well, do you know what? We are picking winners: American jobs. Those are the winners here. 
this debate tonight at 10:00 on an issue that could have been handled in our committee a year ago. And the gentleman talks about hearings. Well, we haven’t had any hearings in how many months? I don’t know if we have had any this Congress. We had some last Congress. We haven’t had any this Congress. 
hearings, we have markups, we debate them in committee, and then we move items to the floor. But that didn’t happen this time. 
amendments. As the gentleman from Oklahoma said a few minutes ago, the Bank is already dead. They succeeded. But they want to bury the Bank now. 
political scorecards and trying to out conservative each other for some ranking in some book last. Let’s work for our districts and not play political games, Mr. Chairman. 
vote ‘‘no’’ on all of these amendments. Let’s put people back in charge. 
may I request how much time is remaining on both sides? 
yield 90 seconds to the good gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
want to encourage my colleagues, if they vote for one and only one of these ExportImport Bank amendments, they should vote for this one. 
In fact, I would bring to their attention that they probably have already voted for it before because, in the last two Congresses, we have voted to put the Federal agencies on fair value accounting and passed that out of the House. We have already done it. I don’t know where the objections were at that time, but we have already done this as a House, and we should do it again. 
point regarding GAAP, let’s be honest with people. Let’s be honest. The government doesn’t use GAAP. The government does not use GAAP the way that most ordinary people understand it. We use GAAP for government, which is entirely different. 
so that we can count in a way that people understand, that if you lent money to the Batista regime before Castro and it hasn’t been paid yet, maybe it is a bad loan; if you lent money to Chiang Kaishek, maybe that is a bad loan. Let’s start counting in ways that ordinary people can understand. This is not a poison pill. It is just good governance. 
And, most importantly, Mr. Chairman, it would not change the way the Bank functions in any way whatsoever. All it would do is change the way the Bank counts and tells Congress and the American people how it is performing. I strongly encourage that if you are going to vote for one ExportImport amendment, this would be the one. 
Mr. Chairman, this is what our accountant friend, Mr. SHERMAN , called 
fairytale value accounting. But further than that, President George W. Bush calls this fuzzy math. 
evening. We have had every attempt to try to kill the ExportImport Bank, and now we are into this fuzzy, fairytale math that is being presented by my friend. 
this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
all right. So fuzzy math, even though we now require the International Monetary Fund to use fair value accounting, even though many of you, when you voted for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, demanded fair value accounting. We now demand Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, when they are doing their projections, to use fair value accounting. And a whole bunch of us in this room have voted for that. 
Chairman, forgive me because I am going to try to find the most elegant way to say this. 
My friend from Tennessee now multiple times has referred to a scorecard. Okay? So how many people are voting for this for donations? Just a theoretical question. I mean, if you are 
this issue since the day we arrived at this body before it was ever a political issue bouncing up through the blogosphere. This is a problem. 
Our amendment here, a fair value accounting, has actually been supported by the gentlemen sitting across from me who opposes this. You have all voted. You have all voted to put all of government on fair value accounting. 
But now all of a sudden, when it is an 
actual reform to the ExIm Bank because we might actually understand the value of risk and what is really going on and actually maybe understand what belongs in the impairment category instead of the chargeoff category, we would get some honest information. That is what this amendment will do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
TO COMMENT ALLEGING ECONOMIC HARM WILL RESULT IF PROPOSED BANK TRANSACTION IS APPROVED. 
COMMENT ALLEGING ECONOMIC HARM WILL RE SULT IF PROPOSED BANK TRANSACTION IS AP PROVED .—If the Board of Directors receives a 
comment from a representative of a United States company, in response to a notice that the Board has caused to be published in the Federal Register, that alleges that the company will suffer economic harm if a proposed Bank transaction is approved, then, unless the Board unanimously votes to do otherwise, the Board shall provide for— 
at the end of the comment period otherwise required by law, with respect to all comments received by the Board in response to the notice, which period shall be extended by not more than 60 days if at least 1 Board member recommends such an extension; and 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) and 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I want to clarify a few things. This is not a poison pill. My amendment is not a poison pill. 
he wanted to play by the rules. That is what I want to do. I have got an amendment that I never had an opportunity to submit. Do you know why? Because of the discharge position. 
chose to have it brought up under a closed rule. So I never got a chance. My 700,000 people never had a chance. 
in Frog Jump, Tennessee, buy wide bodied planes. I am sure there are probably one or two that buy them. But I have got 6,000 Delta employees, both current and retired, that live in my district. 
What this amendment does is it allows a fair playing field to where you can go to the board of directors at Ex Im Bank and give your analysis, not to the ExIm—that is almost like giving your complaint to the opposition’s attorney. We want to go to the board because it is not fair. 
a Wall Street Journal article called ‘‘Boeing Helped Craft Own Loan Rule.’’ They have been cooking the books. 
All we want to do is have a chance 
where we can go to the board of directors and present our case because, when ExIm is cooking the books with Boeing, that doesn’t leave us much of a chance. 
Bank sought to respond to critics with tighter rules for aircraft sales, it reached out to a company with a vested interest in the outcome: Boeing Co., the biggest beneficiary of the bank’s assistance. 
pages of emails reviewed by The Wall Street Journal, the bank worked with Boeing to write rules that would satisfy critics in Congress and the domestic commercial airline industry—while leaving most sales of Boeing’s airplanes to foreign carriers unscathed. 
ExIm Bank, which helps finance the purchase of U.S. exports through loans and guarantees, is the target of Republicans who want to kill it, in part because they say it mostly provides subsidies to America’s largest companies. The Boeing emails will add fuel to that fight. 
The previously unreported documents, obtained through an openrecords request, show how the two sides swapped ideas, drafts and data on sales of widebody airplanes. Ex Im Bank officials pushed their Boeing counterparts for information. Boeing suggested changes to the bank’s draft proposal. 
They reveal an extraordinary level of coordination between public officials and corporate executives. In a message one Saturday morning, Bob Morin, then the bank’s 
Boeing expects ExIm Bank to continue supporting widebody aircraft, we need to get this right.’’ 
in 2012, the bank was required to publish its methodology for determining which transactions were significant enough to trigger an additional ‘‘economicimpact review’’ and, potentially, rejection. 
aircraft purchases, but Delta Air Lines Inc. and some lawmakers wanted the bank to include them in the rules, too. 
That’s when Boeing and ExIm Bank started discussing how the rule should be written. Many of the emails between the bank and Boeing deal with the guidelines the bank was creating to determine which aircraft transactions would trigger the additional review. 
In the nearly two years since the rule went into effect, no Boeing sales have been nixed as a result. 
recently joined the chorus of conservatives questioning the bank’s purpose. In late February, he told a gathering of the Club for Growth, a conservative advocacy group, that the government should consider whether this kind of financing ‘‘should be phased out.’’ The bank’s current authorization expires June 30 and the lobbying battle is heating up. 
both parties, including House Speaker John Boehner (R., Ohio) and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.), as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, major labor unions, manufacturers and Wall Street banks. 
the emails. In general, said Tim Myers, president of Boeing Capital Corp., Boeing’s aircraftfinancing unit, ‘‘it would be only natural’’ for the bank to ask for input since Boeing is the only U.S. maker of widebody commercial aircraft. 
Tim Keating, the company’s top Washington lobbyist, called the interaction an example of how government should work: ‘‘There doesn’t have to be a full hostile relationship between the regulator and the regulated,’’ he said. 
other countries have their own exportfinancing agencies, but ExIm is the only one that assesses the economic impact of its transactions. Mr. Bevens, speaking on behalf of the individual employees named in the emails, said the bank developed the new guidelines voluntarily and that it would have been ‘‘irresponsible if ExIm Bank had failed to consult the only American manufacturer of commercial aircraft.’’ 
buy planes from European rival Airbus Group NV without ExIm financing. Boeing customers are among the biggest recipients of ExIm Bank loan guarantees. In the most recent fiscal year ended Sept. 30, 2014, the bank helped Boeing sell 61 widebody planes to foreign airlines by guaranteeing more than $7 billion in loans. 
Overall, in that fiscal year the bank guaranteed $20.5 billion in financing for U.S. exports. The bank charges a fee on its loans and made $675 million in profit that it sent to the U.S. Treasury. 
gives rivals such as Emirates Airline, Thai Airways International PLC and Air India an advantage in their aircraft purchases that isn’t available to U.S. carriers. For some foreign airlines, ExIm Bank’s financing can be less expensive than a standard commercial loan. It’s amid such criticisms that the ExIm 
Bank and Boeing collaboration began. In August 2012, a bank official forwarded a draft proposal on the economicimpact trigger to several senior executives at Boeing and its aircraftfinancing unit. 
document still in draft form, but we wanted to get your input on several aspects of it prior to further developing the paper,’’ wrote Claire Avett, an ExIm policy analyst on Friday, Aug. 31. 
you to define concrete next steps to be able to achieve these ends,’’ she wrote, referring to imminent internal deadlines. 
The next morning, Saturday, Sept. 1, a second bank official sent a followup email. ‘‘We do not have a lot of time,’’ wrote Mr. Morin, the ExIm official in charge of aircraft financing. 
wanted Boeing’s help to write guidelines that would limit the number of additional reviews on aircraft purchases. 
‘‘Subjecting and applying other transactions to detailed analysis under economic impact procedures has had the effect of killing most of those deals,’’ wrote Mr. Morin, in the Sept. 1 email. ‘‘Accordingly, it is very important that we establish the correct procedures here,’’ he said. 
says those deals were killed by delays and uncertainty created by the review process, not the review process itself. He said those delays are why Boeing and its suppliers opposed subjecting aircraft purchases to potentially lengthy scrutiny. 
A few hours later on Sept. 1, a senior official at Boeing Capital responded that the company was working ‘‘to look at what data we can pull together.’’ The Boeing official, Kristi Kim, director of aircraft financial services at Boeing Capital, said the company was building model impact studies ‘‘to see how the data would vary.’’ 
the company’s goal was to ensure that the reviews were ‘‘based on reasonable criteria.’’ 
president at ExIm’s policy and planning group, wrote to Boeing to thank the company for its input. ‘‘We recognize we are pushing and pressing you in ways that are not in your natural strike zone (and may verge toward ridiculous),’’ he wrote. 
nittygritty details, including the time frame that would be used to assess economic impact (shortening the time period to 12 months might be best, one Boeing official suggested). They settled on 12 months. 
reviews, if they were ever triggered. Boeing itself was an option because it had access to industry data. Other options were ExIm Bank or an outside consulting firm. 
who should conduct the analysis, Ms. Avett, the ExIm Bank policy analyst, asks for input on ‘‘what would be most palatable to Boeing.’’ 
In the end, ExIm Bank took the job of performing the reviews. In the two years since the new rules went into effect, ExIm has helped finance roughly 50 aircraft deals. Just one of those—a lease deal of Boeing planes by Aeroflot Russian Airlines—triggered the detailed economic review. Ultimately, that transaction was approved. 
Airline probably has the money to pay for these widebodied jets. But I respect Mr. HECKfrom Washington because he 
is fighting for people that work in his district. That is what I am trying to do. I am trying to work and fight for 
that the ExIm Bank called Boeing and said: You know what? You need to revise this number so we can understand or we can make a claim for the analysis that you need the money. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ), which, with all due respect, 
is a solution in search of a problem that, if adopted, will only serve to undermine the competitiveness of U.S. businesses. 
has a process in place for providing public notice and comment under which any member of the public, including companies who believe they may have been harmed, may submit comments which the board reviews prior to approving any transaction. 
an additional 4 months, as the gentleman’s amendment would do, would only serve to hurt our exporters by preventing them from competing in time sensitive deals. Our U.S. exporters need and deserve every competitive edge they can get. 
I urge my Members to reject this unnecessary and burdensome amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to tell the gentlewoman that it is not 4 months. It is 60 days. Is 60 days too much to ask that you could go present your case in front of the board of directors? I think that is just fair. 
I understand, but you are just reading something that your staff has given you. It is not 4 months. This is a new idea. I never got the chance to offer this amendment. 
Mr. FINCHER , with the discharge petition, evidently wrote a perfect bill. I have been doing this for 25 years. I have never seen a perfect bill. We are trying to perfect the bill that Mr. FINCHER wrote and that the discharge 
petition brought to the floor on a closed rule where nobody could have any amendments. 
All I am trying to do is get a fair 
of Washington is trying to get a fair shake for his. Give me the opportunity. Give us an opportunity to do that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, what the gentleman doesn’t realize is we are all trying to get a fair chance for our constituents, the small businesses and the jobs. 
Here we have another Delta amendment once again. The ExIm Bank already, Mr. Chairman, has a process in place for providing public notice and comment. Companies can provide feedback, which the board reviews prior to approving any transaction. 
I can tell you that this is very dilatory again. All of Delta’s lawsuits have all been thrown out. This is only another attempt to force the ExIm Bank to delay. The frustrating delay is doing its work. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time is remaining? 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, my favorite literary theme is illusion reality, where you do not know whether you are in an illusion or you are in reality. It is greatly used throughout our culture and great movies, like ‘‘The Stunt Man,’’ with Peter O’Toole, or in classic literature, like ‘‘Ulysses,’’ by—who?—James Joyce. 
It is not a good axis on which to 
pivot around an argument regarding public policy; so let’s leave the illusion behind and go to reality. Here is the reality: 
last year. GAO, which you keep citing, approved its methodology. What is the proof? We have already lost nearly 1,000 jobs since you shuttered the doors of the ExIm. The reality is this is unilateral disarmament if we fail to reauthorize it. Every other developed nation has an export authority. 
The reality is that this reduces deficit. The ExIm reduces deficit. Every year for 20 years, since the enactment of the Credit Reform Act, it has transferred cash. The heck with the accounting system—cash. The reality is a lot of these small businesses don’t have an alternative. 
FirmGreen, stood before us last year and said: If you have got an alternative for my pending deal in Korea, tell me what it is. He lost the deal because of the cloud over ExIm. An Indian company got the job. This issue is about jobs. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I don’t know what the gentleman is talking about with regard to reality because the reality is that my constituents are losing jobs, and that is not fair. 
I believe the gentleman is an attorney. All we want is an opportunity to go to the people who can make a decision and ask them to make that decision within 60 days. I am not going to go to the attorney who is fighting me and say: ‘‘Hey, here is my analysis—or here is my thing. Take it, and give it to somebody else.’’ That is the fox looking after the henhouse, and that is not the way we need to operate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ). 
in the current charter. I know the gentleman from Georgia wants to play political games, but this is already happening. Yes, it is. This is just another attempt to try to kill the Bank—to keep it dead, to bury it. 
on this reform package—this Republican reform package—for a year and a half. Where was the gentleman from Georgia with his amendment? Mr. MULVANEY with his amendments? and 
the other Members in this body with their amendments during this year and a half? We didn’t get to have a committee process, Mr. Chairman. 
by which he could offer his amendment? No, Mr. Chairman. They wait until they could try to bury the Bank here tonight and kill thousands of jobs and reward China and Russia. 
We have to vote ‘‘no’’ on all of these 
amendments. Kill them all. Let’s revive American jobs and do what is best for our constituents. 
never saw the gentleman’s bill. I never had a chance to amend the gentleman’s bill. If the gentleman had allowed the open process—the right process—that the gentleman from Oklahoma talked about, then I would have had a chance to have offered my amendment; but, unfortunately, they chose to have a closed rule. So don’t talk to me about process, because the process has not been followed here. 
I just want to make it clear that all 
I am trying to do is the same thing as everybody here is doing. I am trying to represent my constituents. I think I deserve a chance to do that, and I think we deserve a chance to perfect the bill that Mr. FINCHER and the others brought to the floor under a discharge petition. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), one of our champions on the 
Mr. Chairman, I will note to my colleagues that I think the world of the gentleman from Georgia. He is a wonderful fellow as he is trying to help his people, but politics is like life—a lack of action is an action. When there was no action to help move an ExportImport reauthorization bill this spring or this summer, then the opportunity to do all of these great things went away. We all knew it was going to expire in July, and the people in critical positions chose to let that happen. Discharge was just an opportunity to resurrect what has already died. 
Now, I would say this: Let’s finish the process. Let’s put it 
back on the books for 4 years. Let’s start the hearing process. If there are reforms and changes that need to be made, then let’s file a new bill, and let’s go with it; but let’s not stop the opportunities economically that are created by this in the intervening period of time. 
Mr. Chairman, I would say respectfully to my friend from Georgia, who has outSoutherned me, you are wrong on this one, sir. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORE LAND ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
after the item pertaining to section 62001 the following: 
For each publication in the Federal Register required to be made by law and pertaining to a rule made to carry out this Act 
agency making the rule shall include in such publication a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and costbenefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member 
accountability around here. We hear about transparency and accountability needs from our constituents regarding the Federal Government. It is time to quit just talking the talk and walk the talk. 
get their conclusions? How do they come to a decision when they are working on rules and regulations? 
and criteria and analyses that they look at, but we don’t often get to see that. We hear their conclusions, and we wonder: How did they get to that conclusion? They used science, data, and analyses. 
those scientific tools, data, and analyses have to be made public and just posted online. It is pretty simple. The data they used needs to go online so we can see it all as well and have the same benchmark and be on the same page. Why shouldn’t Americans have access to this as well? Why shouldn’t we have a more transparent government? Just post a link on the Internet. Let’s walk the talk on transparency. 
before as part of the REINS Act that passed 249–159. Now, the REINS Act looked at the whole Federal Government, but this amendment just pertains to the Department of Transportation. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is common sense. It is what our constituents demand—common sense and transparency. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Madam Chair, I claim 
amendment would not only undo all of DoddFrank but all financial market regulations past, present, and future. I support the costbenefit analyses mandates that are already contained in Federal securities laws and in President Obama’s executive orders. 
that rulemaking would take even longer as the SEC has struggled to meet the impossibly subjective economic costbenefit standards to stave off upcoming court battles over competing economic impact projections. 
most dangerous part about this initiative is that this would open the door to 
the most powerful industry participants. If it were possible to make rules, they could challenge the rules in a way that achieved their most narrow interests, and it would be to the detriment of investors or to the less affluent market participants. In this way, the most powerful industry interests would not only be able to use the courts to undo consumer protections, but they would also seek competitive advantages over competitors. 
to conduct economic analyses, pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act, the Congressional Review Act, and the Regulatory Flexibility Act, as other agencies do. 
talk about the SEC and DoddFrank and executive orders. We are just, really, talking about any rules and regulations pertaining to this act—the transportation bill, primarily the Department of Transportation. 
that we have more transparency and accountability in government. I do not see what is wrong with the American people being allowed to see the data, the costbenefit analyses, the science, and the criteria of those who make these rules. What is so wrong with 
I simply ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Transparency and accountability, we talk about it a lot, but we don’t do enough of it. I have some other great transparency and accountability amendments, and we will worry about those later. Right now, I am asking my colleagues to support transparency and accountability. Let the American people see how we make decisions that affect their lives. 
Chair advise me as to how much time I have remaining? 
Ms. MOORE. Madam Chair, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman has claimed that he is restricting this to the highway bill; but, again, it is problematic because it would really impose costbenefit analyses on all rulemaking under the highway bill, as amended. 
from the SEC that are related to emerging growth companies, private security transaction exemptions, and disclosure reforms. It would require the SEC to comply with this additional hurdle that is administratively burdensome and that opens up the SEC to additional litigation risks. It is not just limited to the transportation bill just in terms of its multiplier impact. b2215 
veiled attempt to stop the ExIm Bank, which we have discussed earlier today, because it, again, would create a sufficiently high bar to pass new rulemaking and open up every SEC rule to ongoing litigation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I 
Transparency is a good thing. Shining sunlight is a good thing. It is the best disinfectant out there. 
people, the science and the cost benefit behind the rules and regulations that are inflicted upon the American people, good or bad, whatever they are? 
friend mentioned the ExIm Bank. I am not in that battle with this amendment. This is just about general rules and regulations, the science behind them. Why can’t the American people know what it is? We will all be on the same playing field, so we know what we are talking about. It is a good thing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Madam Chair, this has 
been misnamed as a transparency bill. It is not a transparency bill. This cost benefit bill literally is a racetothe courthouse bill, and we would just be in an endless litigious position. 
We are already late with the transportation bill. We have already created great uncertainty for all of our cities, counties, and towns in America. Why would we now want to subject our broken bridges and our broken transportation system to yet another dilatory tactic that sort of slows down our ability to create good jobs and to fix our infrastructure? 
Madam Chair, I would urge all Members to vote against this initiative because it is wrongheaded at a time when we really need to get our transportation infrastructure improvements back on track. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to close. 
is. At the same time, we don’t even know who these nameless, faceless folks are in the bureaucracy who are putting out these rules and regulations. Why are we to be left in the dark? What is wrong with transparency? Sunlight is the best disinfectant. The American people are tired of this, are tired about this veil around our government. 
is, Republican, Democrat, why should it matter. I put my name on a bill and amendment. You do, too. These rules and regulations that come out, we have no idea who these people are. They could be very well intended and that is fine. We don’t know what their titles are either. Are they experts in their fields? We don’t know. Where is the transparency? 
This amendment passed in a bipartisan way before. I am asking for my colleagues to support it this time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MOORE. Madam Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 326 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 23 by Mr. W ESTMORE LAND of Georgia. 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 121, noes 303, not voting 9, as follows: 
Allen Amash Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Brady (TX) Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa 
Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack 
Messrs. WEBSTER, HURT of Virginia, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. BABIN. Madam Chair, on rollcall No. 
607, my voting card didn’t register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 117, noes 309, not voting 7, as follows: 
DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) 
Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo 
Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 124, noes 302, not voting 7, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat 
Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway 
Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming 
Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador 
Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roe (TN) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walberg Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 116, noes 308, not voting 9, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott 
Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 117, noes 308, not voting 8, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway 
DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grayson Guthrie 
Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
607, 608, 609, 610, 611, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on each of these rollcall votes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 114, noes 314, not voting 5, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey 
Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 115, noes 313, not voting 5, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grayson Griffith Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones 
Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger 
Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 244, not voting 6, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Costello (PA) Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Love Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Mica Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SCHWEIKERT  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 133, noes 295, not voting 5, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guthrie Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows 
Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton 
Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 129, noes 298, not voting 6, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Grayson Griffith Guthrie 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge 
Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore 
Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus 
Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 192, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Nos. 608, 609, 610, 611, 612, 613, 614, 615, 616, 617, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO  
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
of Congress a report describing the results of such study, which shall include estimates of— 
in noncommercial aviation who are registered under section 4101 of such Code, 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment to have the GAO study an important issue that goes to the fairness of our transportation userfee system. For a decade, Congress has 
been diverting millions of dollars in tax revenue into the highway trust 
fund at the expense of the general aviation community. This provision, commonly known as the fuel fraud tax, was included in the 2005 highway bill. It was originally created to fight a problem that didn’t exist and has now diverted hundreds of millions of dollars from aviation into the highway trust fund. 
fixed. The highway trust fund should and must be supported by the userfee system, just as the aviation community is supported by a fuel tax. 
agree that general aviation should not be paying for this highway infrastructure. At the very least, revenues paid by U.S. aviators under the fuel fraud provision should be reinvested in modernizing our Nation’s airports and their navigation system. 
member on this important issue, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
is 180 days after the beginning of each calendar year, the Secretary of the Treasury shall— 
the results of the calculations described in sections 1 and 2 with respect to such calendar year; and 
Monday in February of each year, the Secretary of Transportation shall, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
funds authorized by this Act which were obligated with respect to each State during the last ending fiscal year, 
revenue contributed from each State to the Highway Trust Fund during such fiscal year. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the chairman and ranking member for their hard work on this bill. 
simple. It requires the Department of Transportation to send an annual report to Congress on how much funding each State has received from the highway trust fund and how much each State has contributed to the highway trust fund both directly through the gas tax and related fees and taxes and indirectly through transfers from the general fund. 
let’s step back and ask how it is that we actually decide how much transportation money is spent in each State. The bulk of this funding takes the form of formula grants to States with overall allocations often set by whatever was done in previous years. This may tell us a lot about congressional politics in years gone by, but it tells us very little about good public policy. 
which begs the real question: How do we actually allocate our highway spending? 
Now, I am a scientist, and I look at 
the facts. As far as I can tell, here are the facts. 
This is a plot here that shows the annual per capita spending from the highway trust fund plotted against the 
number of U.S. Senators per 10 million people, which I will explain in a moment. 
shows the excellent correlation between the per capita transportation fund spending in each State with the number of Senators per person that the State has. And that says a lot about how broken our transportation trust fund allocations are. 
spending? Is it calculated per capita, with each American getting roughly the same amount of transportation spending? If this were the case, then transportation money would ultimately follow Americans to whatever States they chose to live in and could be applied to the best use in each State: elegant mass transportation systems in urban States, highways through the wilderness in rural States, and wellmaintained commuter highways in suburban States. Spending in this way would not be a distortion of our economy. 
what we do. In fact, per capita transportation spending varies by more than a factor of seven from State to State driven by a mysterious formulae handed down from generation to generation in Congress. So, in my State of Illinois, we get about $107 per person per year in transportation spending, and I have a hard time explaining to my constituents why citizens of other States 
should get $200, $400, $600, or more every year in Federal highway spending. 
like this generally are the larger States, as can be seen on this plot. In order to rectify this, I actually filed an amendment to replace the complex historical formulae with a simple per capita allotment, which would have benefited the States which contain 240 Members of the U.S. Congress. I was very disappointed that it was decided that this amendment would not be in order. 
Or perhaps we should divide the highway trust fund by economic productivity and actual highway usage. In this case, each State should take out from the Federal highway trust fund the same amount that it paid in in taxes. This approach would have an element of basic fairness and eliminate the economic distortions from massive transfers of wealth between the States. 
Many States are getting out of the Federal highway trust fund several times more money than they paid into it, while other States, States like Illinois, New York, Florida, New Jersey, California, Michigan, Colorado, and many others are getting rooked. So the highway trust fund has simply become a vehicle for a massive redistribution of wealth from one State to another. 
my amendment is about. My amendment would require the Department of Transportation to calculate in each year how much each State receives from the highway trust fund. The report would also include an accounting of how much revenue each State put into the highway trust fund through both the gas tax and related contributions and contributions that were made through funds transferred from general revenue. 
out how much revenue was collected from each State via the gas tax or personal income tax, determining the same for business tax is less straightforward. A business, for example, may file its taxes in Delaware, but most of its economic production might occur in a factory in Ohio. 
IRS to assist the Department of Transportation in this analysis by looking not just at where a company files its taxes, but the State in which those tax dollars are generated. This kind of analysis has sporadically been done by private entities and nonprofits, but there has never been a sustained effort by the Federal Government to do so. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . WILLIAMS  
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
secondgeneration auto dealer. I have been in the industry for most of my life. I know it well. 
will fix Senate language that puts unintentional new burdens on all rental car establishments. 
My amendment will clarify the Senate language so it only applies to actual rental car companies, like it is supposed to. 
which the House never passed, is so broad that it sweeps up dealers who offer loaner vehicles or rentals as a convenience for their customers. My amendment leaves the regulations on all rental car companies, which compromise 99 percent of the market, intact. 
The Senate language is flawed because it simply is not tailored to small business. For example, under the bill, vehicles would be grounded for weeks or months for such minor compliance matters as an airbag warning sticker that might peel off the sun visor or an incorrect phone number printed in the owner’s manual. The regulations in this bill are not proportionate. 
Another problem is that this bill favors multinational rental car companies at the expense of small businesses. This bill will regulate a smallbusiness dealer with a fleet of five loaner vehicles the same way it would regulate a massive rental car company with hundreds of thousands of vehicles in their fleet. 
companies additional compliance time, which further disadvantages small businesses. Madam Chair, large businesses have regulatory and legal staffs available onhand to help with this burden, and they have the capital to pay millions of dollars in regulatory compliance costs. 
however, is his or her own legal and regulatory staff. Without my amendment, this bill would impose new government inspections, additional recordkeeping requirements, and new penalties up to $15 million on small businesses. 
The Senate bill also gives the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration the authority to add more 
regulatory burdens as appropriate, and that is too openended. 
could make it impractical for small business dealers to provide loaner or rental cars to their customers because it mandates vehicles be grounded for minor compliance matters with a minimal impact on safety, and that is not what Congress’ intent is or should be. 
Madam Chair, in tax law, employment law, and other areas, Congress has recognized the difference between big business and small business. Let’s not regulate our Main Street businesses like multinational corporations. Frankly, Main Street is hurting enough as it is. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, I 
Mr. WILLIAMS ’ amendment unreasonably limits the application of the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act that is included in the Senate amendments to H.R. 22. 
woman who has really been a leader for safety in the car rental field. 
Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the Williams amendment. 
This amendment would needlessly exempt auto dealers from critical vehicle safety requirements included in the underlying bill. 
While Federal law currently prohibits auto dealers from selling new cars subject to a recall, there is no similar law prohibiting rental companies or auto dealers from renting or loaning out unrepaired recalled vehicles. 
I introduced the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act to close this loophole and prohibit rental car companies and auto dealers from renting or loaning vehicles under safety recall until they are fixed, and I am pleased this legislation is in the underlying bill. 
would put lives at risk by exempting auto dealers from complying with this commonsense safety requirement. 
manufacturers who have issued safety recalls, are loaning out tens of thousands of cars to customers while the repairs are being made. Consumers expect that the loaner cars they receive when they take their own cars into a dealership for repairs are safe to drive. But rather than ensure these loaners are safe, the Williams amendment would allow car dealers to give out loaner cars that have the same exact defect as the car that is being repaired. 
amendment by claiming that some safety recalls aren’t actually important enough to require immediate repairs. This is ridiculous. NHTSA does not issue frivolous recalls. All safety recalls pose serious safety risks and should be fixed as soon as possible. Any claim otherwise is simply not true. 
with an unrepaired safety recall to tragically end a life. That is what happened to Raechel and Jackie Houck when their rented PT Cruiser caught fire and crashed into a tractortrailer due to an unrepaired recall. And that is what happened to Jewel Brangman when she was killed by the unrepaired Takata airbag in her rented Honda Civic. 
be no different. The Williams amendment would let these auto dealers off the hook and allow them to loan out defective cars to unsuspecting consumers. It creates a nonsensical double standard for rentals and loaner cars not based on how unsafe they are, but based on who is renting or loaning them to the public. Keeping unrepaired recalled cars parked in the lot and out of the hands of consumers is common sense. 
opposing the Williams amendment to ensure all consumers can be confident that their rental car or their loaner car is safe to drive, regardless of whether they get it from a rental company or a dealership. 
dealerships in their districts and they are an important part of our economy, but this amendment serves one purpose and one purpose only: allowing car dealers and rental car companies to evade responsibility. 
dealerships rent and lease vehicles regularly. And just like rental car companies, car dealerships should not be renting or leasing cars that are subject to a safety recall without first repairing the defect. These are safety recalls on cars the auto manufacturers themselves have deemed necessary to repair. 
a dealer to get a deadly Takata airbag replaced and then being given a loaner car with the same deadly Takata airbag to drive while your car is being repaired? That is the situation that this amendment would allow. 
Rental Car Act, car dealerships are in the best position to fix these recalled cars quickly. 
weakens the Senate provision, the Rules Committee should have made in order the gentlewoman’s amendment expanding the provision to ensure used cars are not sold until recalls are fixed. 
company’s primary business makes no business. A defective car is a defective car. 
alike have a responsibility to their customers, and we have a responsibility to ensure that consumers’ lives are not put at risk. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILLIAMS. Madam Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), my good 
been here for 5 years. And the fact is that people who don’t have any idea about how a business is run are constantly telling people how to run their business; they are people who don’t have the foggiest idea of who auto dealers are or who our responsibility is to and the fact that all recalls are not created equal. 
business that would ever put one of our owners in a defective car or a car with a recall. But that could happen. That could happen. 
the wrong phone number is printed in an owner’s manual, that is a recall, we have to get that car off the road, my God, can you imagine what would happen to this owner if they opened up that glove box and saw that? What a horrible situation to put them in. Now, you shake your heads and you say, no, that is not what is going on. 
Now, please, this is what I do. This is 
who I am. We are a thirdgeneration automobile business, sold thousands of cars. And these people are not just customers. They are our part of our extended families. 
can redefine, if we can tell people: ‘‘This car has been recalled. You can’t possibly get in it’’ and you say: ‘‘Well, what is the recall?’’, well, you know what? One pound per square inch on the tire pressure is not printed correctly. That is horrible. How could that possibly be? You have got to get that car off the road. 
You are subjecting automobile dealers to the same things that you are subjecting rental car companies who don’t have to worry about it because, by the way, as those cars come off the road in a recall, the factories pay them for those cars as they sit waiting to be repaired. There is no loss of revenue for a rental car company. That is why they are so happy about it. 
we take a car off the road? They will say: ‘‘Send your customer to us and we will rent them a car.’’ 
can’t see the unequal balance in it, then there is a problem here. If a safety recall is a safety recall, that is one thing. But if it is something else that is cosmetic, that is something altogether different, to group them all under the same umbrella and say: ‘‘This is a problem. This is a problem hunting for some type of an issue and 
there is no issue here. There is none of us in our business that would ever put any of our owners in an unsafe car. 
But I will tell you what. I wish some 
Washington, D.C., have a reputation to uphold. No auto dealer in his right mind would loan a vehicle to his customers that is unsafe to drive or operate. Auto dealers should not have to ground all of their loaner vehicles because of minor issues like a sticker that might peel off the sun visor because something was misspelled in the owner’s manual. Auto dealers want to provide great service and be able to loan their customers vehicles so they can go to work, drop their kids off at school, go to the grocery store, and visit the doctor. These small business owners should not be regulated like huge, multinational car rental agencies. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . KINZINGER  
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXIV of 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) and a 
Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that would improve vehicle safety and ensure that businesses have the necessary information to comply with section 8 of the TREAD Act. 
recyclers sell over a half a million original equipment manufacturer parts which are harvested from total loss or endoflife vehicles and are resold to consumers, repair shops, and dealers. These parts are designed by automakers and are manufactured to meet their requirements. Even when a vehicle may reach the end of its useful life, many parts have a greater lifespan and can be subsequently recycled, resold, and reused. This offers consumers with additional choice to purchase a quality recycled part at a lower cost. 
Act to increase vehicle safety by prohibiting the resale of recycled auto 
parts that are subject to a recall and have not been remedied. Congress passed this legislation with the safety of the driving public in mind. However, the ability of professional automotive recyclers to identify and remove recalled parts from the supply chain is severely limited. 
Earlier this year, Secretary Foxx responded to a question for the record on this subject following a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing. He recommended that 
number information in an efficient and easytouse format directly to recyclers and others who need the information to support auto safety. My amendment does just that and will ensure these businesses can identify such parts and remove them from their inventory. 
have already implemented regulations requiring such a system that includes the VIN, OE parts numbers, and the OE naming of the parts. I know we have the technological capabilities to similarly improve vehicle safety, and I am hoping that my colleagues will show their commitment to improving the recall process with an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Now is the time to pass this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
while I am not going to oppose the amendment, I do have some questions about it. 
this amendment is not likely to be all that effective in getting defective parts off the market: It only requires parts suppliers and automakers to supply information when a recall is first ordered by the Secretary of Transportation. It does not apply in the most common recall scenario when a manufacturer provides notice of a recall. 
So NHTSA is going to be asked to expend valuable resources to set up a new system for auto part information, and that system, it seems to me, should at least be effective in getting defective parts off the market and off the roads in all circumstances of recalls. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. I appreciate my friend from Illinois’ response. I would be happy to work with her in the future on this. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). 
to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall increase public accessibility to and timeliness 
of information on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s vehicle safety databases including by— 
functionality, including modern web design features, and allowing for data to be searched, aggregated, and downloaded; 
vehicles and issues through standardization of commonly used search terms and the integration of databases to enable all to be simultaneously searched using the same keyword search function; and 
across multiple reporting periods for a given make and model name, model year, or type of potential defect; and 
In addition to the information already required to be included pursuant to section 455.2 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations (the Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation Rule), the Buyers Guide window form shall include— 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a final rule pursuant to section 30117 of title 49, United States Code, requiring each manufacturer of motor vehicles or motor vehicle equipment to retain all motor vehicle safety records, including documents, reports, correspondence, or other materials that contain information concerning malfunctions that may be related to motor vehicle safety (including any failure or malfunction beyond normal deterioration in use, or any failure of performance, or any flaw or unintended deviation from design specifications, that could in any reasonably foreseeable manner be a causative factor in, or aggravate, an accident or an injury to a person), for a period of not less than 20 calendar years from the date on which they were generated or acquired by the manufacturer. Such requirement shall also apply to all underlying records on which information reported to the Secretary under part 579 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, is based. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the motor vehicle or replacement equipment was bought by the first purchaser more than 10 calendar years, or’’. 
later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete research into the development of safety standards or performance requirements to reduce the number of injuries and fatalities suffered by pedestrians and other nonoccupants who are struck by passenger motor vehicles. 
later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete research into the development of safety standards or performance requirements for the crashworthiness and survivability for passengers in the rear seats of motor vehicles. 
House Resolution 512, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) and a 
the wake of the GM and Takata recalls, it became apparent that major changes were needed to improve information sharing, enhance safety, and strengthen accountability measures. This amendment addresses some of those issues, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
amendment, it is important to explain what is not in the amendment. 
companies that fail to adequately protect drivers and the public. There is no ‘‘imminent hazard authority’’ to enable NHTSA to get the most dangerous cars off the road as soon as possible. While I believe those changes are sorely needed, I knew that the Republican majority would oppose them. What is left are some of the more obvious reforms for auto safety, and there is no reasonable excuse to oppose the amendment. 
Traffic Safety Administration’s Web site to enable better and more detailed searches, to standardize terms so that consistent problems can be identified faster, and to improve the early warning database so that consumers can determine whether a vehicle they drive or plan to drive has a history of dangerous incidents. 
the amount of information provided to consumers who are purchasing or leasing used vehicles, including specific vehicle damage history and recall repair history. It would include that information in the Used Car Buyers Guide, which already must be posted on each used vehicle that is offered for sale; and it would inform consumers about the Web site, which is where they can find more information about their specific vehicle history. 
Takata failures were made more difficult by the fact that comprehensive safety records were not maintained by many manufacturers. This amendment would fix that by ensuring that those records are preserved for 20 years. 
Auto manufacturers are not currently required to remedy recalled vehicles if those cars were sold more than 10 years before the recall. That makes no sense, especially when the average car on the road is more than 11 years old. This amendment would require all defects to be remedied at no cost to the car owner no matter how long the car has been owned. 
we have a long way to go in reducing deaths and serious injuries on our roads. There are things we can and should do to enhance auto safety, and Congress has a long track record of doing just that. 
which was signed into law by President Bush, established a rulemaking to require technologies that would enable drivers to see behind their vehicles. By 2018, rear cameras will be standard for all cars. That rule will prevent more than 100 deaths and many more injuries each year. 
NHTSA to continue that progress by requiring research into technologies and then developing standards that could reduce injuries and deaths for rear seat passengers and pedestrians. 
the flawed system of regional recalls. Regional recalls limit remedies to specific States. This prevents vehicles which have traveled across the country from being recalled. 
airbags, but with high humidity being a factor in airbag explosions, it makes no sense that its regional recall missed, for example, Washington, D.C.—a swamp, with all due respect. While most of Takata’s regional recalls were expanded nationally, not all of them were, and some drivers can’t legally get their vehicles remedied free of charge. We can’t allow this regional recall system to continue. 
Again, these are commonsense, safetyfocused provisions that would enhance consumer information, vehicle safety, and accountability. 
the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
some time now, the Energy and Commerce Committee, its Subcommittee of Oversight and Investigations as well as its Subcommittee of Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, have been looking into recalls and automobile safety. 
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and about problems within the automobile industry, itself. There is a lot to fix, and there are provisions to get after those issues in terms of recommendations from the Inspector General’s Office. 
of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration were revealed earlier this year in a widely reported inspector general’s report. In an unprecedented move after the inspector general’s report was released, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration publicly committed to a timeline to implement all of the inspector general’s recommendations because of the serious and direct impact on NHTSA’s ability to fulfill its core mission. 
which this amendment purports to now go is going to send resources in the wrong direction. It is going to be very, very friendly to the Plaintiff’s Trial Bar, but, really, that is not where our focus should be. Of course, the Plaintiffs’ Bar wants to be able to download, sort, and map all of the incidents attributable by an automaker so that they can file class action lawsuits— very, very good for the Plaintiffs’ Bar, not necessarily so good for the consumer. 
The problem is there is a real cost in 
going in this direction. More resources are diverted to defending non meritorious lawsuits, and that means less can go into safety and quality. Effectively, this provision starves the consumer in order to feed the Plaintiffs’ Bar. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, 
would say to my colleague, as the chairman of the subcommittee I serve on and that deals with auto safety, I know, for a very long time, he has certainly seen the legislation that I have offered in the past, and this is the first time that I have heard that argument. 
pair down the bill that I had introduced into the kinds of safety enhancements that the gentleman and many of the Republicans on the committee also had in their legislation. 
that we provide more safety, strengthen accountability, and that we share more information with consumers. The amendment addresses those issues. It has avoided, studiously, the more controversial parts of auto safety bills 
back to, but the goal was to get a good start. 
I am disappointed that there is opposition to this amendment, but I still urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chair, I yield 
I would just restate that this amendment takes us in the wrong direction; so I urge my colleagues to vote in opposition to the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXXIV insert the following new part: 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a 
currently regulates the tailpipe emissions of automobiles sold in the United States. In order to incentivize the use of alternative fuels, the agency provides regulatory credits to automakers that produce alternative fuel vehicles. 
The EPA has provided greater incentives for manufacturers to produce electric vehicles rather than natural gas vehicles, even though natural gas is a growing and inexpensive source of fuel with a clean emission profile. 
If we are going to incentivize alternative fuel vehicles, we need to make sure that natural gas vehicles are on a 
level playing field. My amendment does exactly that, encouraging the broader adoption of natural gas vehicles. It instructs EPA to provide the same incentives for the production of natural gas vehicles that it already provides for electric vehicles. 
natural gas is cheap, but filling stations for vehicles can be few and far between. Consumers are hesitant to buy natural gas vehicles because they are afraid they won’t have access to filling stations. 
The surface transportation bill encourages the build of natural gas refueling corridors. My amendment will add to the effort by encouraging automakers to produce the vehicles that will actually consume the natural gas fuel. 
pro competition, and a reform the auto industry needs. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, which would undermine the Obama administration’s historic vehicle fuel economy and tailpipe emission standards. 
Transportation rules provide huge benefits. They help consumers save money at the pump, reduce reliance on foreign oil, and reduce the carbon pollution that threatens our climate and our health. By 2025, these rules are expected to save American families $1.7 trillion on fuel costs, cut greenhouse gas emissions by 6 billion metric tons, and reduce America’s dependance on oil by more than 2 million barrels per day. 
overwhelming success due in large part to the high level of coordination and participation of multiple stakeholder groups in their development. We are talking about groups like automobile manufacturers, State and local governments, the United Auto Workers, consumer groups, environmental organizations, and the public. In short, these rules are good for American consumers, manufacturers, and the environment. 
The Mullin amendment would undermine the success of existing and future car rules by requiring EPA to extend any ‘‘preference or incentive’’ provided to electric vehicles to natural gas vehicles as well. 
go back and make retroactive changes to the tailpipe rules already on the books. Some of these rules were finalized 3 years ago, and reopening these carefully coordinated negotiations makes no sense. 
The Mullin amendment would effectively say that natural gas vehicles and electric vehicles are exactly the 
same, but they are fundamentally different in terms of their tailpipe emissions and the miles per gallon they get on the road. 
numerous incentives under the tailpipe and fuel economy rules, and natural gas vehicles are an established and functioning technology, so there is little need to incentivize them further for reasons of technological innovation. This is in contrast with electric vehicles for whom many of the current incentives are designed. 
from a climate perspective. Electric vehicles have the potential to be game changers, especially with low greenhouse gas electricity. On the other hand, natural gas vehicles continue to depend on a fossil fuel with no such gamechanging potential. Also, because natural gas is already a very viable fuel for heavyduty vehicles, additional incentives would essentially be bonuses for using a fuel that would have been used anyway. So this would dilute the heavyduty vehicle GHG program. 
windfall incentives to automobile manufacturers that produce natural gas vehicles, creating a loophole that will allow them to produce other dirty and less efficient vehicles and still meet their tailpipe emissions and fuel economy requirements. This sets a dangerous precedent that subverts essential rules that were developed through an open public rulemaking process, including all stakeholders, and undermines critical U.S. energy conservation policies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I appreciate what the gentlewoman is stating. All we are trying to do is listen to the President, too, when he says he has an alltheabove approach on energy. 
vehicles are a clean way to drive around, but I must remind the gentlewoman that the power that they are charged by typically is produced by coal and natural gas power plants. So the argument that she is saying just simply doesn’t make any sense. 
emissions fits within their profile. What we are saying is let’s truly have an alltheabove approach and allow natural gas to be on a natural, clean playing field. 
a real conversation and not playing politics, then we shouldn’t be playing winners and losers with this administration and the real fight, which is against—antifossil fuels altogether. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, 
my view is, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. We have had a good deal of success with the current rules, and to change the game plan right now, I think, is a disservice to consumers, to all the other stakeholders, including the auto manufacturers, the unions, the consumer groups, and everybody who has 
So I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I obviously encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Page 550, strike line 24 and all that follows 
through page 551, line 4, and insert the following: 
Not later than December 1 of the year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall publish on the public website of the Administration, and file with the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an annual plan for the following calendar year detailing the Administration’s projected activities, including— 
the Administration, including the working groups and advisory committees of the Administration; and 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 calendar years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 calendar years’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final 
rule pursuant to section 30117 of title 49, United States Code, requiring each manufacturer of motor vehicles or motor vehicle equipment to retain all motor vehicle safety records required to be maintained by manufacturers under section 576.6 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for a period of not less than 10 calendar years from the date on which they were generated or acquired by the manufacturer. 
RELATING TO NONCOMPLYING MOTOR VEHICLES TO VEHICLES USED FOR TESTING OR EVALUATION. 
interstate commerce solely for purposes of testing or evaluation by a manufacturer that prior to the date of enactment of this paragraph— 
motor vehicles into the United States that are certified to comply with all applicable Federal motor vehicle safety standards; 
for service of process in accordance with part 551 of such title; and 
motor vehicle at the conclusion of the testing or evaluation.’’. 
STANDARDS FOR LOWVOLUME MANUFACTUR ERS.—Section 30114 of title 49, United States 
title not more than 500 replica motor vehicles per year that are manufactured or imported by a lowvolume manufacturer; and 
this subsection, limit any such exemption to the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards applicable to motor vehicles and not motor vehicle equipment. 
motor vehicle exempted under this subsection shall also be exempted from sections 32304, 32502, and 32902 of this title and from section 3 of the Automobile Information Disclosure Act (15 U.S.C. 1232). 
such list in the Federal Register or on a website operated by the Secretary. 
PRODUCT CONFIGURATION , TRADE DRESS , OR DE SIGN PATENTS .—The original manufacturer, 
its successor or assignee, or current owner, who grants a license or otherwise transfers rights to a lowvolume manufacturer shall incur no liability to any person or entity under Federal or State statute, regulation, local ordinance, or under any Federal or State common law for such license or assignment to a lowvolume manufacturer. 
term ‘lowvolume manufacturer’ means a motor vehicle manufacturer, other than a person who is registered as an importer under section 30141 of this title, whose annual worldwide production is not more than 5,000 motor vehicles. 
‘replica motor vehicle’ means a motor vehicle produced by a lowvolume manufacturer and that— 
the product configuration, trade dress, trademark, or patent, for the motor vehicle that is intended to be replicated from the original manufacturer, its successors or assignees, or current owner of such product configuration, trade dress, trademark, or patent rights.’’. 
Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7521 et seq.) is amended— 
all engine emission controls) from a motor vehicle that has been granted a certificate of conformity by the Administrator for the model year in which the motor vehicle is assembled, or a motor vehicle engine that has been granted an Executive order subject to regulations promulgated by the California Air Resources Board for the model year in which the motor vehicle is assembled, may be installed in an exempted specially produced motor vehicle, if— 
specially produced motor vehicle installs the engine in accordance with such instructions; and 
emission control warranty information from the engine manufacturer in compliance with section 207, including where warranty repairs can be made, emission control labels to be affixed to the vehicle, and the certificate of conformity number for the applicable vehicle in which the engine was originally intended or the applicable Executive order number for the engine. 
this paragraph, a manufacturer of exempted specially produced motor vehicles shall register with the Administrator at such time and in such manner as the Administrator determines appropriate. The manufacturer shall submit an annual report to the Administrator that includes— 
produced motor vehicles and engines installed in such vehicles; and 
issued to the motor vehicle in which the engine was originally intended or the applicable Executive order number for the engine. 
vehicles compliant with this paragraph shall be exempted from— 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Secretary with respect to motor vehicle safety shall provide a basis for or evidence of liability in any action against a defendant whose practices are alleged to be inconsistent with such guidelines. A person who is subject to any such guidelines may use an alternative approach to that set forth in such guidelines that complies with any requirement in a provision of this subtitle, a motor vehicle safety standard issued under this subtitle, or another relevant statute or regulation. 
rights on any person nor shall operate to bind the Secretary or any person who is subject to such guidelines to the approach recommended in such guidelines. In any enforcement action with respect to motor vehicle safety, the Secretary must prove a violation of a provision of this subtitle, a motor vehicle safety standard issued under this subtitle, or another relevant statute or regulation. The Secretary may not build a case against or negotiate a consent order with any person based in whole or in part on practices of the person that are alleged to be inconsistent with any such guidelines. 
any such guidelines as evidence of compliance with the provision of this subtitle, motor vehicle safety standard issued under this subtitle, or other statute or regulation under which such guidelines were developed.’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thesis of this amendment is to secure good government reforms at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. 
able to exercise strong oversight of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and we want to make certain that NHTSA is staying within its authorized jurisdiction. 
by the minority, amended them to reflect things like the longer life of cars. 
We asked manufacturers to hold onto safety information for a longer period of time. We extend the time for free recall fix requirements. 
Low Volume Motor Vehicle Manufacturers Act of 2015 and provided adjusted funding levels to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to advance their important safety work. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chair, I 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Chairman, by reducing appropriations for vehicle safety programs, Mr. BURGESS ’ 
amendment is making it impossible for NHTSA, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, to actually carry out its critical vehicle safety functions. 
At the same time that this amendment drastically cuts funding for critical safety functions, the amendment also requires more reporting that diverts necessary resources, both people and dollars, from NHTSA’s mission to save lives, prevent injuries, and reduce economic costs from traffic crashes. 
in the United States has hit a record high at 11
1⁄2years. That is just the average. Many cars are even older. 
reality, this amendment only requires manufacturers to keep limited safety records for 15 years and only requires recall repairs to be free of charge for 10 years. The recent GM ignition switch recall covered vehicles that were more than 10 years old. That means that, under this amendment, some owners of defective GM cars could have to pay to have the defect repaired. 
motor vehicle safety standards replica cars. Brandnew cars would not have to meet any safety standards as long as they look like a car that was made 25 years ago. These cars could be exempt from seatbelt and airbag requirements, basic but crucial safety equipment. We have no idea how many replica cars will end up on the roads. Although each lowvolume manufacturer is limited to 500 vehicles, there are no limits on the number of manufacturers. 
exempt manufacturers of replicas, unlike all others who manufacture cars in small batches, from the EPA’s emission standards concerning greenhouse gasses. Replica cars also would be exempt from State inspections and emissions testing and evaporative emission standards. In the wake of the recent VW scandal, it is unthinkable that we would make it easier for any manufacturers to bypass emission standards and to continue to put public health at risk. 
The amendment also allows automakers and others to use compliance with guidelines as evidence of compliance with motor vehicle safety standards. By prohibiting NHTSA from using guidelines for enforcement purposes, the majority obviously recognizes that nonbinding guidelines are not the same as actual safety requirements. But at the same time, this amendment allows automakers to evade liability by showing that they complied with nonbinding guidelines instead of having to prove that they complied with safety mandates. This double standard makes no sense. 
are held responsible for safety violations they commit, this amendment gives them yet another out. This amendment will adversely affect the public health and safety. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chairwoman, 
as I advised earlier in speaking to another amendment, some significant flaws in the basic operations of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration were revealed earlier this year and reported in an inspector general’s report. 
after the IG report was released, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration publicly committed to a timeline to implement all of the inspector general’s recommendations because of their serious and direct impact on NHTSA’s ability to fulfill its core mission. I am grateful to NHTSA that they had this commitment to these reforms. 
amendment does provide for additional funding to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. This amendment would increase NHTSA’s funding by 23
over 27 percent for fiscal year 2017 from the authorized levels in the underlying bill. Maybe we don’t go as far as the Senate, but these are significant and generous increases. 
actually there is an increase in my chairman’s amendment. It is also a significant decrease from what the Senate has added to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Because we have so many deaths on the road, and NHTSA has been significantly underfunded, it definitely makes sense to as fully fund them as they can to provide their mission of auto safety. 
I listed, I certainly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
myself the balance of my time. This amendment also requires the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to issue an agenda on December 1 of every year detailing the agency’s policy priorities, their planned rulemakings, and any projected alterations to the agency structure. Actually, that is a good idea. Regulated entities, especially, should have an idea of what the focus of the agency is going to be in the upcoming months and years. 
Traffic Safety Administration published a planning report was 2011. They are asking us for more money. We are providing them with more money. All we ask is they provide us a glimpse into what their strategy is as to how that money will be effectively spent. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
in the surplus fund of the bank’’ and inserting ‘‘transferred to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for transfer to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury’’; and 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and a 
amendment No. 18 with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), my 
First, let me say I don’t think it is 
good policy that we are trying to fund transportation from other sectors of the economy. This amendment does seek to address two major issues in the budget offset sent over from the Senate—the Federal Reserve dividend increase and the gfee increase. 
Moving forward with the Federal Reserve dividend reduction without studying it could have a devastating consequence for the supervision of the financial sector and the stability of the Federal Reserve System. The cost that banks, especially community banks, could face as a result of the dividend reduction would be passed on to hardworking consumers. At a time when many Americans continue to struggle from the unintended consequences of DoddFrank, it would be dangerous and irresponsible to move ahead with the Senate version. 
what I see as a further entrenchment of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. This is particularly timely because just this week we learned that Fannie and Freddie may need to tap the Treasury once again and saddle the taxpayers with the bill. This amendment further protects the taxpayers. Allowing Congress to continue to raise gfees will make comprehensive housing finance reform impossible. 
Our amendment addresses both problems by liquidating and dissolving the Federal Reserve capital surplus account. The Federal Reserve currently has about $29 billion in capital surplus account. This account is made up of the earnings that the Federal Reserve has retained from investing member banks’ money. Let me say that again. The surplus account is made up of earnings that the Federal Reserve has made from investing member banks’ money. The Federal Reserve continues to hold this account in surplus at a time when our Nation is over $18.5 trillion in debt. This is not a perfect policy, but it is better than the alternative. 
of the transportation bill and counters irresponsible proposals sent over to us by the Senate. Further, it protects consumers from potential for cost increases while reforming the surplus account to meet the needs of the current fiscal crisis. 
When the surplus account was created, no one could have imagined the debt and deficits that we are facing. It is appropriate to liquidate this account to meet today’s realities. 
body will ensure that transportation funding comes from transportation users and not completely unrelated sectors of the economy. 
for the R ECORD a joint trade letter of 
support from 27 banking and housing groups in support of amendment No. 18. 
The undersigned organizations urge the House to adopt the NeugebauerHuizenga amendment to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act, which would remove two harmful provisions from the Senate version of the bill. 
would remove from H.R. 22 a harmful proposal to reduce the dividend paid on Federal Reserve stock that would have significant negative consequences on banks of all sizes across the country. Member banks of the Federal Reserve are required by law to purchase stock in regional Federal Reserve Banks. This stock may not be sold, transferred or even used as collateral, unlike virtually every other asset a bank holds. These funds represent ‘‘dead capital’’ for the financial institution. The dividend that the Senate is considering reducing reflects the unique structure and constraints of this arrangement that is required by law, as this is money that otherwise would be used by banks for lending and to provide other services to customers. 
would also remove from H.R. 22 an extension of higher Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guarantee fees. The purpose of these fees is to prospectively guard against credit losses at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Gfees should only be used to protect taxpayers from mortgage losses, not to fund unrelated spending. Each time gfees are extended, increased and diverted for unrelated spending, homeowners are charged more for their mortgages and taxpayers are exposed to additional risk for the longterm. The gfee increase was originally included in the Senate highway bill as a funding offset, but the Congressional Budget Office has scored the House bill as being budget neutral without this provision. It should be removed to ensure that potential homebuyers are not kept on the sidelines by raising the cost to purchase or refinance a home. 
To ensure it is fully offset, the NeugebauerHuizenga amendment would use the Federal Reserve’s ‘‘surplus’’ account of earnings retained after paying operating expenses and dividends. As a result of recent changes in the way the Federal Reserve operates, these retained earnings are no longer necessary. This amendment would use funds from this account to pay for the extension of the Highway Trust Fund. 
Escrow Association, American Bankers Association, American Land Title Association, Center for Responsible Lending, The Clearing House, Community Home Lenders Association, Consumer Bankers Association, Consumer Mortgage Coalition, Credit Union National Association. 
Services Roundtable, Habitat for Humanity International, Homeownership Preservation Foundation, Independent Community Bankers of America, Leading Builders of America, Midsize Bank Coalition of America, Mortgage Bankers Association, National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals. 
National Association of Real Estate Brokers, National Association of REALTORS®, Real 
Estate Services Providers Council, Inc., The Realty Alliance, Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, U.S. Chamber of Commerce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, U.S. Mortgage Insurers. 
Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chairwoman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Neugebauer amendment represents a poorly designed attempt to cover the cost of the highway bill. My colleague from Texas is concerned that the Senate’s underlying provisions would cut the largest banks’ guaranteed 6 percent dividend payments from the Federal 
Reserve as well as extend a 10 basis point fee on new mortgages, although not until 2021. 
In place of those provisions, my colleague would eliminate the Federal Reserve surplus account without even considering whether it could harm monetary policy or our economic security in the decades ahead. 
using Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as a piggy bank to pay for unrelated government spending. Instead, Republicans should finally take up housing finance reform. Despite controlling this House for almost 5 years and the Senate for nearly 2, Republicans have entirely failed to reform the housing markets, despite claiming that the mortgage giants caused the crisis. 
Regarding the other Senate provision, I am not sure why the largest banks should be entitled to a permanent dividend payment of 6 percent a year. How many of my colleagues or their constituents have a safe investment that pays this well? In fact, most of my constituents are lucky to earn a penny a month on their bank account. Yet, when the Senate first proposed to cut these bank dividends, House Republicans urged that Congress first study what would be the effect before changing the law. 
eliminate permanently to protect the bank dividends, has promoted global confidence in U.S. monetary policy for more than 100 years. Federal Reserve officials explained to the GAO that maintaining capital, including the surplus account, provides an assurance of a central bank’s strength and stability to investors and foreign holders of U.S. currency. That is why central banks around the world—including the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, and the German Central Bank— all make use of surplus accounts. Nevertheless, my Republican colleagues are willing to cut this monetary policy tool without knowing what the long term effect would be. 
Federal Reserve took unprecedented action to prevent economic collapse by 
purchasing trillions of dollars of assets. During the countless hearings with Federal Reserve chairs Bernanke and Yellen, my colleagues suggested that the Federal Reserve is leveraged more than Lehman Brothers, pointing out that the Fed surplus is inadequate to protect losses to the taxpayer. But with this amendment, they would eliminate for all time all Fed surplus which, based on Republican logic, would be infinite leverage. 
Chair, folks that are watching this at this late hour are unfortunately seeing politics over policy. The ranking member wants to agree but just can’t let herself. 
This policy that we have seen, 73 percent of the Democrats on her committee signed a letter saying we need to hit the pause button; we need to make sure that we understand what this policy that got shipped over to us from the Senate is going to mean. Unfortunately, it has been plunged ahead, and we are moving ahead with this. 
are looking at, but our choice isn’t good choice versus bad choice. Our choice is less than ideal versus very bad choice. What we are seeing here is that we need to examine this further. It hasn’t been looked at in over 50 years from the Committee on Financial Services. 
are going to have a change in the way the House operates. I believe that that new day has arrived and that we will be doing that, but we are not sure exactly what this fixed rate is going to be. I will point out, though, that with that 6 percent return, the Fed has been able to build up a $29 billion, with a B, surplus account, which is where we are today. 
Chairman HENSARLING of the Committee on Financial Services had written the GAO requesting a study of that. I put out this letter, a bipartisan letter where we had 150 colleagues, that was forwarded. What we are doing is a better offset. We are believing that this is a better way to go rather than raiding Fannie and Freddie and the gfees and the budget. 
Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN). 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, especially because I rise in favor of this amendment; not because it is perfect, but because it deals with a fundamental problem in the underlying legislation. 
How are we going to fund our highway system? Some would argue a tax on motorists; some would argue the general revenue of the United States. I 
make the argument that we ought to have a tax on home buyers to fund highways; yet that is what the underlying bill does. It imposes a tax on everyone who gets a mortgage or refinances a mortgage and uses that for highways. 
amendment, the conference committee will take a look at how to finance this bill and will come up with a better way than the idea of imposing a tax on everyone. That basically means middle class homeowners who use Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac in order to buy a home or refinance a home. 
Madam Chair, I would like to draw to your attention that Mr. NEUGEBAUER ’s 
original amendment would have paused for 1 year and studied it. He changed it to strip the surplus forever and keep the dividend. 
opportunity to ask Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen about this amendment or, for that matter, her thoughts on what cutting the big bank dividend payments would be but did not. Instead, they peppered her for 3 hours with sundry other questions, failing to ask about one proposal, then considered late in the day to eliminate a 100 yearold monetary policy tool. 
Madam Chair, yesterday my Republican colleagues sought to hamstring the Federal Reserve. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
yield the balance of my time to close to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), the distinguished chairman 
out of transportation fees. It shouldn’t be funded out of the functional equivalent of a bank account tax. It should not be funded on the backs of home buyers, or particularly those taxpayers who are forced to backstop Fannie and Freddie. 
If we are ever going to have a sustainable housing finance system in America, these guarantee fees cannot be diverted. 
Texas and the gentleman from Michigan. No, they didn’t come up with the perfect solution, but it is far superior than this bank account tax and this homebuyer tax. It makes no sense whatsoever. 
the Neugebauer amendment and get rid of this terrible idea from the Senate. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Madam Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Page 942, strike lines 7 and 8 (and redesignate subsequent clauses accordingly). 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a commonsense amendment to this transportation bill. 
My amendment is simple. If the intent of the Federal Permitting Improvement Council section of this bill is to actually improve the Federal permitting process, then the EPA, which is not a principal permitting or reviewing agency, should not be allowed an outsized vote to obstruct the expedited process for covered projects created by this legislation. 
the purpose of streamlining the Federal permitting process for projects of national importance. As currently constructed, the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, is given far too big a voice in this process—an EPA that is known for being the primary obstructionist for every significant infrastructure and economic development project in the United States. 
in my amendment prevents the EPA from being invited to be a participating or cooperating agent and providing information throughout this process to the council. 
will be composed of a minimum of 16 members, and it takes a vote by the majority of the members of the council in order for a covered project to be entitled to an expedited review. 
too much influence in this process. This is wrong and will under mine goals of the rest of the council. 
In a memo regarding the Federal permitting process, the EPA itself stated: ‘‘It is important to recognize the EPA is rarely, if ever, the principal permit or reviewing agency.’’ 
most often one of providing input to processes managed by others. . . . In addition, where projects do require permits issued under Federal environmental laws, permitting decisions are typically made by States under delegated or authorized programs. EPA is not responsible for the daytoday administration of delegated or authorized permitting programs.’’ 
agency is never the primary reviewing entity. It defies common sense that EPA would have a vote when other agencies and States that actually manage the permitting process don’t. 
Intentional actions and shear incompetence from the EPA continue to impose Federal permitting delays and kill jobs throughout the country. The Wall Street Journal recently reported that the EPA coordinated with special interest groups to veto a mine project in Alaska. 
‘‘close coordination between the EPA and environmental groups in drafting the controversial Clean Power Plan, which would mark the demise of coal fired plants in the United States.’’ 
Forum, Americans for Limited Government, Concerned Citizens for America, the Arizona Department of Transportation, the Arizona Small Business Association, the Bullhead Chamber of Commerce, the Lake Havasu Area Chamber of Commerce, the New Mexico Cattle Growers’ Association, the New Mexico Federal Lands Council, and the 
If the intent of this bill is to improve 
the Federal permitting process, then the EPA, which is not a principal permitting or reviewing agency, should not be allowed an outsized vote for critical projects that already have investments of $200 million or more. 
I fully support the intent of the council created by the bill and the committee’s work in that regard. I believe the process utilized could create tens of thousands of jobs and significantly benefit our economy. Let’s not let the EPA screw it up. 
job creators, ranchers, local chambers of commerce, small businesses, transportation officials, and countless other organizations and individuals throughout this country that are tired of the EPA’s obstructionism, and support my amendment. You are either with them or you are with the EPA. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Page 964, line 6, insert after ‘‘the participating agencies’’ the following: ‘‘and the project sponsor’’. 
Page 964, line 11, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘; and’’ 
by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to permit the Executive Director to authorize extensions of a permitting timetable. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I and Regulatory Reform Subcommittee Chairman MARINO offer this 
amendment to bridge the gap between two vital pieces of legislation: Chairman MARINO ’s RAPID Act, H.R. 348, which the House passed on September 
24, 2015, and Senators Portman and McCaskill’s Federal Permitting Improvement Act, S. 280. 
multiple terms in our effort to streamline the process by which Federal agencies review and decide upon applications for federally funded and federally permitted construction projects. Permit streamlining reform is essential to create new, highpaying jobs and strengthen our economy. It is a priority of the House, the Senate, and the President. 
amendment into the Senate amendments to H.R. 22 and, so, is included in the base bill before us. In two of the three key respects, it substantially achieves the House goals embodied by the RAPID Act: to shorten the time it takes to conclude litigation over Federal permitting decisions, and require litigants first to present the substance of any claims before permitting agencies during their administrative reviews. 
in the third key respect: reliably expediting the time agencies have to conclude their reviews before acting to approve or disapprove permits. The Senate language includes many important steps toward this goal, but multiple loopholes in the language open the door for deadlines without end and without standards. 
problem by establishing firm checks and balances through which the Director of OMB and the Executive Director of the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council can prevent abusive extensions and assure that permit applications are reviewed within reasonable deadlines. 
conferenced resolution of the differences between the RAPID Act and S. 280 as incorporated into H.R. 22 that Subcommittee Chairman MARINO , I, 
Senator P ORTMAN , and Senator M CCASKILL all support. 
it will perfect the bill to assure powerful permit streamlining reform, paving the way for good projects to move forward more quickly, delivering high quality jobs and improvements to Americans’ daily lives. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment and title 61 of the underlying bill, which adopts the text of S. 280, the Federal Permitting Improvement Act. 
concerns, I have serious procedural objections to the inclusion of title 61 in a 
S. 280, the Federal Permitting Improvement Act, was attached to the transportation bill on the Senate floor through a manager’s amendment offered by Senate Majority Leader MCCONNELL . It was adopted without 
adequate debate in an expedited process just days before the August recess. The bill has not been introduced in the House. Neither the House nor the Senate has had a hearing on the text of this bill, which involves a nuanced area of the law with broad implications for public health and safety. 
this bill is a misguided attempt to restrict public input and challenges in the permitting process under the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. 
money, and protected the environment, all while providing a framework for wideranging input from all affected interests when a Federal agency conducts an environmental review of a proposed project. 
Title 61 of H.R. 22 discards this commonsense approach by severely curtailing the public’s right to challenge permitting decisions in several ways. 
major Federal projects to only parties who file comments within the bill’s 45 to 60day window. The bill requires that these comments must be sufficiently detailed to put the lead agency on notice of the issue on which the party seeks judicial review. In other words, a party would have to litigate the issue in the 45 to 60day comment period—an extremely tall order for the public. 
consider the potential for significant job losses and other economic harms in considering whether to enjoin a project that has been challenged. 
presume that these harms are irreparable, even if they aren’t, tilting the outcome in favor of private interests and away from the public’s interest in health, safety, and the environment. 
laws and would have the practical effect of allowing a project to proceed 
even where there is ongoing litigation. Indeed, by the time a court determines that a project violates the law, a project could already be completed. 
has 6 years to bring claims arising under most Federal laws, which provides for citizens to discover latent harms of projects. Title 61 only provides for 2 years for challenges to the Nation’s most complex projects requiring a Federal permit. 
false choice between funding transportation projects and accepting bad legislation without debate or proper consideration that would potentially have disastrous effects on the public’s right to challenge Federal permitting decisions in court. This is yet another pro 
corporate, antisafety provision designed by the donor class to restrict access to the courts by the common people. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, 
it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), who 
For two terms now, enacting legislation to streamline the Federal permitting process has been among my primary goals. Three times now, this House has passed the RAPID Act, a bill that I sponsored in both the 113th and 114th Congresses. 
Our goal has been to fix the flaws in 
our Federal permitting process that often doom worthy projects that could collectively create millions of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in economic activity. 
In just my home State of Pennsylvania, one 2011 study found that the stalled energy projects alone would produce an average of over 56,000 jobs a year and over $44 billion in economic output. 
The potential growth in the American economy is staggering. Worthy projects across the country should not die on the vine while awaiting Federal bureaucratic approval. 
goals, and I am pleased to offer it with the chairman. It builds upon the reforms already encompassed in several bills passed by the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and signed into law. Perhaps most importantly we have reached agreement on this amendment in a bipartisan fashion. 
It has been one of the honors of my 
time in Congress to reach not only across the aisle, but across Chambers, to work with Senator PORTMAN and 
to join us in supporting this important amendment that will put Americans to work and help stimulate economic growth. 
Chair, this is a bad amendment that hurts the public interest, and for that reason I would ask that my colleagues vote along with me to disapprove of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I 
amendment that will help create hundreds of thousands of jobs by getting projects that have been delayed all across this country moving. It is supported by many on both sides of the aisle in both Chambers of this institution. 
We have worked closely with Democrats and Republicans, and we have worked closely with the White House 
on this language. This is ready for prime time. This is ready to go. 
this legislation because transportation projects will be the biggest beneficiary of this streamlining of permitting that will take place as a result of adoption of this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The table of contents for this division is as 
program for energy and water conservation improvements at multifamily residential units. 
authorized to become members of a Federal home loan bank. 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
company (as such term is defined under section 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
FORMS S –1 AND F –1.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise its general instructions on Forms S–1 and F–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit financial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
days after the date of enactment of this subsection, an issuer filing a registration statement (or submitting the statement for confidential review) on Form S–1 or Form F–1 may omit financial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to submit a summary page on form 10–K (17 C.F.R. 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a crossreference (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.)— 
K, required for all issuers, that are duplicative, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
that no further study under section 203 is necessary to determine the efficacy of such revisions to regulation S–K. 
Commission shall carry out a study of the requirements contained in regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
simplify such requirements in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material information; 
360day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
on modernizing and simplifying the requirements in regulation S–K in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on companies while still providing all material information; and 
on ways to improve the readability and navigability of disclosure documents and to discourage repetition and the disclosure of immaterial information. 
made to regulation S–K by the Commission under section 202 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
percent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’; and 
to’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall’’; 
Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘To the greatest extent possible, the Secretary’’; 
‘‘90 percent silver and 10 percent copper’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 90 percent silver’’. 
this subsection, a venture capital fund includes an entity described in subparagraph 
(15 U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended— 
sells securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
of the securities outstanding as of the end of the issuer’s most recent fiscal year. 
agent, corporate secretary, or other person responsible for transferring shares and stock certificates. 
a broker, dealer, or agent that shall be paid or given, directly or indirectly, any commission or remuneration for such person’s participation in the offer or sale of the securities. 
and profit and loss statement and similar financial statements, which shall— 
‘‘(ii) be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or, in the case of a foreign private issuer, be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 
balance sheet is as of a date less than 16 months before the transaction date; and 
statement, such statement is for the 12 months preceding the date of the issuer’s balance sheet; and 
‘‘(iv) if the balance sheet is not as of a date 
less than 6 months before the transaction date, be accompanied by additional statements of profit and loss for the period from the date of such balance sheet to a date less than 6 months before the transaction date. 
seller, nor any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration 
engaged in business, is not in the organizational stage or in bankruptcy or receivership, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that the issuer’s primary business plan is to engage in a merger or combination of the business with, or an acquisition of, an unidentified person. 
The transaction is with respect to a security of a class that has been authorized and outstanding for at least 90 days prior to the date of the transaction. 
by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
accordance with the affordability provisions of the use agreement for the property for the remaining useful life of the property; 
the property, continue to renew or extend any projectbased rental assistance contract for a term of not less than 20 years; and 
year projectbased rental assistance contract for less than 20 years, have the option to extend the contract to a 20year term.’’. 
Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
rehabilitation pursuant to a capital needs assessment to ensure longterm sustainability of the property satisfactory to the lender or bond issuance agency; 
as of time of the refinancing may not be required to pay for rent and utilities, for the duration of such tenancy, an amount that exceeds the greater of— 
tenant who does not provide the owner with proof of income 
any rent increases resulting from increased operating costs for a project.’’. 
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue any guidance that the Secretary considers necessary to carry out the provisions added by the amendments made by this title not later than the expiration of the 120day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
income for any year for which such family certifies, in accordance with such requirements as the Secretary shall establish, which shall include policies to adjust for inflationbased income changes, that 90 percent or more of the income of the family consists of fixed income, and that the sources of such income have not changed since the previous year, except that the public housing agency or owner shall conduct a review of each such family’s income not less than once every 3 years’’. 
PROGRAM FOR ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION IMPROVEMENTS AT MULTIFAMILY RESIDENTIAL UNITS. 
Housing and Urban Development (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a demonstration program under which the Secretary may execute budget neutral, performancebased agreements in fiscal years 2016 through 2019 that result in a reduction in energy or water costs with such entities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate under which the entities shall carry out projects for energy or water conservation improvements at not more than 20,000 residential units in multifamily buildings participating in— 
program under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); or 
(II) requires that payments shall be contingent on realized cost savings associated with reduced utility consumption in the participating properties. 
achieved by the date of the payment, and not previously paid, as a result of the improvements made under the agreement. 
payments made by the Secretary under this section shall be based on a measurement and verification protocol that includes at least— 
(ii) annual thirdparty confirmation of actual utility consumption and cost for utilities; 
tenant utility allowances in effect during the applicable year and vacancy rates for each unit type; and 
An agreement under this section with an entity shall provide that the entity shall cover costs associated with thirdparty verification under this subparagraph. 
in effect and during which payments may be made, which may not be longer than 12 years; 
serve as payment thresholds during the term of the agreement; 
contingent on realized cost savings associated with reduced utility consumption in the participating properties; and 
entities that, either jointly or individually, demonstrate significant experience relating to— 
(ii) oversight of energy or water conservation programs, including oversight of contractors; and 
included in the demonstration under this section only if the property is subject to affordability restrictions for at least 15 years after the date of the completion of any conservation improvements made to the property under the demonstration program. Such restrictions may be made through an extended affordability agreement for the property under a new housing assistance payments contract with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or through an enforceable covenant with the owner of the property. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a detailed plan for the implementation of this section. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
AUTHORIZED TO BECOME MEMBERS OF A FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK. 
paragraph and subject to clause (ii), a credit union which lacks Federal deposit insurance and which has applied for membership in a Federal home loan bank may be treated as meeting all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance only if the appropriate supervisor of the State in which the credit union is chartered has determined that the credit union meets all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance as of the date of the application for membership. 
any provision of State law authorizing a conservator or liquidating agent of a credit 
union to repudiate contracts, no such provision shall apply with respect to— 
such credit union securing any such extension of credit. 
HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES .—Notwithstanding any State law to the contrary, if a Bank makes an advance under section 10 to a Statechartered credit union that is not federally insured— 
securing such advance has the same priority and is afforded the same standing and rights that the security interest would have had if the advance had been made to a federally insured credit union; and 
‘‘(ii) the Bank has the same right to access 
such collateral that the Bank would have had if the advance had been made to a federally insured credit union.’’. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit a report to Congress— 
the deposits of which are insured by a private deposit insurer, information on the level of compliance with Federal regulations relating to the disclosure of a lack of Federal deposit insurance. 
Not later than 45 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Form S–1 so as to permit a smaller reporting company (as defined in section 230.405 of title 17, Code 
of Federal Regulations) to incorporate by reference in a registration statement filed on such form any documents that such company files with the Commission after the effective date of such registration statement. 
‘‘is a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
‘‘case of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
bank’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and a 
People are still hurting in this economy, Madam Chair. We all know that. We need to do everything we can, as the House, to promote economic growth. 
and in this institution to come by bipartisan legislation. But I am proud to say, in the House Financial Services Committee, we have passed numerous pieces of bipartisan legislation. They are modest because they are bipartisan. But they are, nonetheless, important and can make a difference in people’s lives. 
passed the House Financial Services Committee either unanimously or near unanimously and then have gone to the House to be debated and have been passed, almost all of them, unanimously by voice vote or near 400plus votes. 
with emerging growth company regulatory reforms; H.R. 1525, that simplifies some of the Security and Exchange Commission disclosures; H.R. 432, the Small Investment Company Regulatory Relief Act; and a number of bills like these that have typically passed our committee 57–0, for example, 60–0, 53–0, and then have gone on to pass the House by voice vote. 
They are modest bills, but they happen to be germane to this transportation bill because of the revenue stream, the funding source, the payfor in the transportation bill. 
debated in committee, passed in the committee, debated in the House, passed in the House, we are simply 
packaging 15 of these bills together because there is an opportunity to have these become law and benefit the American people. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, this amendment combines 15 Financial Services bills that have had broad bipartisan support and passed through the committee and on the House floor. These bills address important issues that range from helping to preserve affordable rental housing to providing regulatory relief to small banks and reporting companies, to affording startups, emerging growth companies and community financial institutions with greater flexibility to raise capital. 
these bills in committee and on the floor. But, Madam Chair and Members, this Congress is made up of two Houses, the House of Representatives and the Senate. Just as we were given the opportunity to debate and amend these bills, taking into account concerns from our constituents and interested stakeholders, the Senate should also be given the opportunity. 
amendments and their potential negative effect on this set of bills. For example, Representative YOUNG has an 
amendment that would require each rulemaking in the highway bill, as amended, to include a list of information upon which it is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and costbenefit analysis, and identify how the public can access such information online. 
What this means is that the Securities and Exchange Commission, in conducting its rulemaking under Chairman HENSARLING ’s amendment, would 
face this additional administrative hurdle, including the innocentsounding costbenefit analysis. 
tool that has been used by the industry and the opposite side of the aisle both in agencies and in the courts and in Congress to delay, weaken, or kill necessary reforms. Such analysis encourages secondguessing, favors easily quantifiable costs over less tangible benefits, and is extremely resource intensive. 
That is why my Democratic colleagues and I have opposed its application to the SEC, an agency that already performs economic analysis for its rulemaking and has enough on its plate with its additional responsibility under the JOBS Act and the Dodd Frank Act. 
Requiring the SEC to conduct an onerous costbenefit analysis is even more concerning with the Republicans’ 
So the meager existing funds would have to be diverted from other important SEC functions, like enforcement and investigations. 
Costbenefit analysis in Representative YOUNG ’s amendment is also opposed by consumer advocates like the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards. 
While, again, I support the 15 Financial Services bills in this amendment, I oppose this process of pushing them through the House attached to the highway bill. 
this is about process. I do believe that the Senate should have the ability to debate these bills. 
Committee, we are tasked with the responsibility to take a very complicated subject matter, Financial Services matters, and to make sure that we give every Member an opportunity to have input, to have credible debates. I just believe that the Senate should have that opportunity. 
bills—and Mr. HENSARLING is absolutely correct—we had an opportunity to do that because we understood them very well. We debated them. We had an opportunity to have input to ask questions, to do everything that you need to do to be well informed about legislation that you are either supporting or opposing. 
simply believe that the Senate should have the right to debate. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Chair, I 
I was listening carefully to my ranking member, and I think the translation is: I was for the bills before I was against the bills. I think she just said she supported all of these on the committee and the floor, she just doesn’t support them tonight. And, apparently, the reason has something to do with the fact that the Senate, the other body, the other Chamber, perhaps hasn’t gone through the same process that we have. 
do the Senate’s business. Our business is to propose and support what the House has done. So I don’t know if the ranking member sees the other body as a group of shrinking violets who cannot take care of themselves, who will somehow be overwhelmed by one particular amendment. 
this thing called a conference committee between the House and the Senate to work out differences. They have many matters in the Senate bill that have not been debated in the House, yet those will be taken up in conference committee. 
Chair, as you well know, and I have heard a lot of very, very interesting things throughout the hours and hours of debate. But I simply cannot understand how 
Members will come to the floor and essentially tell us: ‘‘We were for all of these bills, but we are no longer for all of these bills. We were for them before we were against them because we are just afraid the Senate somehow can’t take care of themselves.’’ 
are bills that were passed unanimously and near unanimously in the House. They are bipartisan. They include Republican bills, Democrat bills. 
member, this argument makes no sense to me whatsoever. 
these matters. Let’s get the people’s business done. I urge all Members to adopt the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–326. 
designee of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), I have an amendment 
natural disasters have underscored the importance of having resilient oil and natural gas infrastructure and effective ways for industry and government to communicate to address energy supply disruptions. 
communication with the Department’s energy response team to improve situation assessments; 
obtaining temporary regulatory relief to speed up emergency response and recovery; 
among States, the oil and natural gas industry, and the Department in developing State and local energy assurance plans; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a 
report describing the effectiveness of the activities authorized under this section. 
this subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation, the Commission shall ensure that such order requires generation, delivery, interchange, or transmission of electric energy only during hours necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public interest, and, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with any applicable Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation and minimizes any adverse environmental impacts. 
taken by a party, that is necessary to comply with an order issued under this subsection, including any omission or action taken to voluntarily comply with such order, results in noncompliance with, or causes such party to not comply with, any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation, such omission or action shall not be considered a violation of such environmental law or regulation, or subject such party to any requirement, civil or criminal liability, or a citizen suit under such environmental law or regulation. 
U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding after 
The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulkpower system, whether physical or virtual, the incapacity or destruction of which would negatively affect national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of such matters. 
pulses of electromagnetic energy emitted by a device capable of disabling or disrupting operation of, or destroying, electronic devices or communications networks, including hardware, software, and data, by means of such a pulse. 
‘grid security emergency’ means the occurrence or imminent danger of— 
communication or an electromagnetic pulse, or a geomagnetic storm event, that could disrupt the operation of those electronic devices or communications networks, including hardware, software, and data, that are essential to the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) disruption of the operation of such devices or networks, with significant adverse effects on the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure, as a result of such act or event; or 
electric infrastructure or on defense critical electric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) significant adverse effects on the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure as a result of such physical attack. 
issues and provides to the Secretary a written directive or determination identifying a grid security emergency, the Secretary may, with or without notice, hearing, or report, 
issue such orders for emergency measures as are necessary in the judgment of the Secretary to protect or restore the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure during such emergency. As soon as practicable but not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, establish rules of procedure that ensure that such authority can be exercised expeditiously. 
If the Commission determines that owners, operators, or users of critical electric infrastructure have incurred substantial costs to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under this subsection and that such costs were prudently incurred and cannot reasonably be recovered through regulated rates or market prices for the electric energy or services sold by such owners, operators, or users, the Commission shall, consistent with the requirements of section 205, after notice and an opportunity for comment, establish a mechanism that permits such owners, operators, or users to recover such costs. 
subject to such emergency measures to enable optimum communication between the entity and the Secretary and other appropriate Federal agencies regarding the grid security emergency. 
date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of infrastructure that may be defense critical electric infrastructure, shall identify and designate facilities located in the United States (including the territories) that are— 
The Secretary may, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of defense critical electric infrastructure, periodically revise the list of designated facilities as necessary. 
Federal, State, political subdivision or tribal authority pursuant to any Federal, State, political subdivision or tribal law requiring public disclosure of information or records. 
later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall promulgate such regulations and issue such orders as necessary to— 
in place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a manner that is not authorized under this section; and 
Electric Reliability Organization, facilitate voluntary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with, between, and by— 
‘‘(ii) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(iii) regional entities; ‘‘(iv) information sharing and analysis centers established pursuant to Presidential Decision Directive 63; 
the safety and reliability of the bulkpower system and distribution facilities within their respective jurisdictions. 
consultation with Canadian and Mexican authorities, develop protocols for the voluntary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with Canadian and Mexican authorities and owners, operators, and users of the bulkpower system outside the United States. 
person or entity in possession of critical electric infrastructure information to share such information with Federal, State, political subdivision, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. 
or authorize the withholding of information from Congress, any committee or subcommittee thereof, or the Comptroller General. 
Commission shall segregate critical electric infrastructure information or information that reasonably could be expected to lead to the disclosure of the critical electric infrastructure information within documents and electronic communications, wherever feasible, to facilitate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure information. 
shall facilitate and, to the extent practicable, expedite the acquisition of adequate security clearances by key personnel of any entity subject to the requirements of this section, to enable optimum communication with Federal agencies regarding threats to the security of the critical electric infrastructure. The Secretary, the Commission, and other appropriate Federal agencies shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified and critical electric infrastructure information, share timely actionable information regarding grid security with appropriate key personnel of owners, operators, and users of the critical electric infrastructure. 
TRANSFORMER .—The term ‘‘critically damaged large power transformer’’ means a large power transformer that— 
(ii) the extensive time to repair or refurbish the large power transformer would create an extended period of instability in the bulkpower system; and 
The term ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. 
term ‘‘emergency mobile substation’’ means a mobile substation or mobile transformer 
on a trailer that is capable of highway travel and meets relevant Department of Transportation regulations; and 
‘‘large power transformer’’ means a power transformer with a maximum nameplate rating of 100 megavoltamperes or higher, including related critical equipment, that is, or is intended to be, a part of the bulkpower system. 
The term ‘‘spare large power transformer’’ means a large power transformer that is stored within the Strategic Transformer Reserve to be available to temporarily replace a critically damaged large power transformer. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, shall, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, the Electric Reliability Organization, and owners and operators of critical electric infrastructure and defense and military installations, prepare and submit to Congress a plan to establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve for the storage, in strategically located facilities, of spare large power transformers and emergency mobile substations in sufficient numbers to temporarily replace critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations. 
spare large power transformers necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulkpower system, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations to mitigate significant impacts to the electric grid resulting from— 
for which an inventory of spare equipment, including emergency mobile substations, is necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulkpower system, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations; 
sites of potentially critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are 
critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations, so as to enable efficient delivery of equipment to such sites; 
spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve to conform to different substation configurations, including consideration of transformer— 
installation, and energization of spare large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of factors such as— 
operators of large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations to cover operating costs of the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall develop and transmit, after public notice and comment, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that develops recommended United States energy security valuation methods. In developing the report, the Secretaries may consider the recommendations of the Administration’s Quadrennial Energy Review released on April 21, 2015. The report shall— 
House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I am offering this amendment on behalf of Chairman UPTON . I would like to thank 
that had bipartisan support when it was reported out of the full committee. I would urge my colleagues to support it. 
may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) for the purpose of 
supporting the amendment. Mr. OLSON. Madam Chair, I thank 
my committee chairman, for having this amendment in this important highway bill. This amendment is common sense. There is a great saying in America, ‘‘The third time is a charm.’’ 
body three straight times. In the 112th, the 113th, and the current 114th Congress, this exact language has passed this body without objection, all ‘‘yea’’ votes. It is noncontroversial. 
thing. It ensures that our power grid will be reliable in a power crisis, and that crisis won’t become a legal crisis as has happened at least two times in the last 10 years. 
power crisis, the entity that controls the grid says to keep that grid up and running, the operator says we will see our permits from EPA, they do that, and they are sued. This amendment says to stop that practice. If you are told to keep the grid up and running, you can do that for at least 16 days. 
to support this amendment one more time because right now we have the chance to have it go to the President and become signed into law to make our grid safer and more reliable for future Americans. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. OLSON ) having assumed the chair, Ms. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, had come to no resolution thereon. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. today. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
SELECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today after 10 p.m. and November 5 on account of medical emergency. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 5 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thursday, November 4, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2130. A bill to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–327). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3918. A bill to modify the provisions of 
RADEWAGEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
LEE, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
SABLAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. K ILMER , 
and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): H.R. 3919. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Labor to award special recognition to employers for veteranfriendly employment practices; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3920. A bill to direct the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to issue an order withdrawing approval for Essure System; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain reporting by hedge funds that are the beneficial owner of more than 1 percent of a class of security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3922. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retirement Income and Security Act of 1974 to provide for a best interest standard for advice fiduciaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3923. A bill to provide for a report that 
develops recommended United States energy security valuation methods; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3924. A bill to establish in the United 
States Agency for International Development an entity to be known as the United States Global Development Lab, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3925. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to carry out a program of canceling certain Federal student loans of principals in high need schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
LIPINSKI , Mr. R USH, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
NORCROSS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
Health Service Act to provide for better understanding of the epidemic of gun violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. L OFGREN , 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. F ARR, 
H.R. 3927. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to permanently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf off the coast of California, Oregon, and Washington; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BARLETTA , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , 
Police to enforce the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. T URNER , Mr. K INGof 
New York, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ILLER of 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R USSELL, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3930. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to increase the Federal medical assistance percentage for the District of Columbia under the Medicaid Program to 80 percent; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. H ILL, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
H.R. 3931. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
MEADOWS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F LEMING, and Mr. P ALAZZO ): 
H. Res. 514. A resolution protecting Religious Freedom in America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the importance of civic education and 
civic involvement programs in the elementary and secondary schools of the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
individuals who have served, or are serving, in the Armed Forces and have also served, or are serving, as a peace officer or as a first responder and expressing support for the designation of November 10 as Armed Forces, Peace Officer, and First Responder Dual Service Recognition Day; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3918. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3919. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3920. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3921. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3922. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. he Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3923. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3924. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3925. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 
H.R. 3926. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3927. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 3928. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3929. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3930. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 1 and 18 of section 8 of article I of 
H.R. 3931. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 379: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 833: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. E DWARDS , and 
H.R. 845: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W ILSON  
of South Carolina, Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. 
H.R. 1061: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
DENHAM , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
KILMER , Mr. G IBSON , and Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1288: Ms. L EEand Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. R USH, Ms. M ENG, and Ms. 
H.R. 1877: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2043: Ms. T SONGAS and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. C UELLAR and Ms. S EWELL of 
H.R. 2241: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
H.R. 2285: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2515: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2660: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. J UDY CHU 
H.R. 2673: Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 2674: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2841: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3061: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D EFAZIO, and 
H.R. 3080: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. W EBSTER of 
H.R. 3268: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and 
H.R. 3316: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. G ARRETT and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. R USH, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. H AHN, and Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut. 
H.R. 3423: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 3427: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
Texas, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. E NGEL , and 
H.R. 3565: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3632: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3705: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
H.R. 3750: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
H.R. 3766: Mr. S IRES and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3793: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
KILMER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. 
H.R. 3805: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S WALWELL of 
VANHOLLEN . H.R. 3841: Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
H.R. 3868: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 3880: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
MEADOWS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H. Res. 502: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. C APPS , 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Res. 505: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
HONDA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H. Res. 510: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M OONEY of West 
Virginia, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
H. Res. 513: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
MATSUI , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. C APPS , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K EATING , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
LEVIN, Ms. L EE, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7733 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 2015 No. 164 