The Washington Post ran a story titled, ‘‘Defense Firm that Employed Drunk, High Contractors in Afghanistan May Have Wasted $135 Million in Taxpayer Dollars,’’ by Colby Itkowitz. Colby writes: 
in 2012 after cellphone videos surfaced of its employees drunk and high on drugs in Afghanistan may have misused almost $135 million of U.S. taxpayer money, an audit finds.’’ 
The Hill further reported that: ‘‘The company also did not comply 
down to this floor for weeks to highlight the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan, which John Sopko, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, has reported is worse now than ever. 
authorized $42 billion for Afghanistan, which is one of the reasons I did not vote for the bill. 
of American taxpayer dollars in Afghanistan when infrastructure all over the United States is rapidly deteriorating? This past weekend, CBS’ ‘‘60 Minutes’’ ran a segment on America’s failing infrastructure and reported that 70,000 bridges in the United States have been deemed structurally deficient, according to the Federal Government. That is one bridge out of every nine. My constituents in eastern North Carolina continually experience frustration and concern over the Bonner Bridge, which is falling apart. This further highlights the waste and the failed policy in Afghanistan. 
will be upset that I am calling attention to the reckless spending in Afghanistan the NDAA authorized, but then why doesn’t Congress stop sending billions of dollars to a failed state where young American men and women are being wounded and killed? Mr. Speaker, this includes the father of these two little girls who are on a poster beside me. Their names are Eden and Stephanie Balduf. Their daddy, Sergeant Kevin Balduf, was shot and killed in Afghanistan 2 years ago by the Afghan he was training. 
worse. Those wasted billions of dollars should be allocated to fix American 
bridges and roads from falling apart and endangering American citizens. It is the right thing to do. 
American people that, last year, the Obama administration signed a 10year bilateral security agreement with Afghanistan strapping us with 10 more years of waste, fraud, and abuse; 10 more years of billions of dollars being wasted; 10 more years of young Americans being killed and wounded while the infrastructure in America is collapsing; 10 more years of veterans worrying about their benefits. There are so many needs here in America, so many needs that are not being met because we are wasting money overseas in Afghanistan. 
and vote to stop the madness in Afghanistan on behalf of our soldiers and our men and women in uniform, their families, and the taxpayers of America. 
times that Afghanistan is a graveyard of empires. I hope there is a headstone for America because that is where we are heading, to the graveyard in Afghanistan. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
after a rocky start this Congress, we have seen some signs of progress. 
Earlier this session, the House leadership allowed the process to work when all Democrats joined many Republicans to rescue Homeland Security from the potential disastrous shutdown by cutting off funds. 
Medicare sustainable growth rate, the socalled doc fix, moved forward. An impasse that had lasted for years was 
broken, and the solution was overwhelmingly approved by Members of both parties. 
impasse, one that has haunted us far longer than a decade, transportation funding. The authority to spend for surface transportation programs expires May 31. 
stopgap approach that we approved then would put us right back in the same spot this spring, cutting badly needed transportation projects this summer and the jobs that go with them. 
behind in part because you cannot pay for 2015 transportation needs with 1993 dollars, which was the last time we raised the gas tax. Thirtytwo short term funding extensions are evidence of a bipartisan failure for these 22 years to deal with the gas tax, and there is no meaningful alternative for transportation resources on the horizon. 
Ironically, the solution is clear, thoroughly studied and broadly supported: raise the gas tax for the first time since 1993. The House Republican leadership doesn’t have to do anything extraordinary, just allow the Ways and Means Committee to follow regular order. Let’s listen to the experts; invite the stakeholders that build, maintain, and use our transportation system. 
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, leaders in transit, truckers, AAA, bicyclists, all of whom agree with President Eisenhower, who used the gas tax to start the highway trust fund and the interstate freeway system, and President Ronald Reagan, who increased gas tax a nickel, more than doubling it in 1992. 
today. Six red Republican States have raised the gas tax already this year: Nebraska, Georgia, Idaho, Iowa, Utah, and South Dakota. State Senator Michael Vehle comes to mind. 
Congress used to conduct. Have a full week devoted to solving the transportation funding crisis. Bring in the witnesses, grill them, test their thoughts and theories, discuss real solutions, not gimmicks or ideologically driven fantasies. 
a markup. President Obama could help by establishing a marker that he will approve no further extensions past September 31. 
It will not be less complex, expensive, or easier politically in 2016, 2017, or 2018. If this slides until 2016, which is the approach evidently favored by the Republican leadership, we will be struggling with this in the next Congress and the next administration. 
in futility. We are seeing the leadership exhibited all across the country with 20 States that have stepped up, and as I mentioned, six red States already this year. Now is the time for Congress to do its 
job. In fact, if we do our job, taking the solution that has been thoroughly vetted, studied, and widely supported by interest groups across the political spectrum, we are going to be able to solve this funding conundrum. 
America, putting hundreds of thousands of people to work at familywage jobs, while Congress helps make our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
the approach that would simply dodge this problem for 2 more months, then slide to the end of the year and beyond. We should call the question now, establish the parameters. 
This is something that is long overdue, that all of us can embrace, and America will be the better for it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 
challenges we face today are different from the challenges we faced when Mental Health Awareness Month began decades ago, but now, it is more important than ever that we take time out of our busy schedules to speak about the prevalence of mental illness and understand the importance, as friends, as family members, and as a community, of discussing the common signs of mental illness. 
learn, as I was, that 1 in 5 adults experience mental health problems each year; and, while each illness is unique, there are some common signs that you or a loved one could be suffering from mental illness, like difficulty concentrating or experiencing a change in sleeping habits. 
to talk to our children about their emotions and their mental health, just as we care for our children’s physical health, by encouraging them to eat well, get enough sleep, and exercise frequently. 
Without a doubt, Mr. Speaker, America is one of the most blessed countries in the world. We are all offered the opportunities for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Raising healthy families, both physically and mentally, is one of the responsibilities that comes with those freedoms. 
voices we have speaking up about mental health, the better we can eliminate stigma surrounding mental health conditions. The National Alliance on Mental Illness of North Carolina is asking individuals in my home State, North Carolina, to see the person and not the illness and pledge to be stigmafree. 
It is time to end the silence and stigma often linked with mental health conditions, and I join them happily in this effort. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF B.B. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, ladies and gentlemen, B.B. King, a musical genius, has passed away. 
down in Indianola, Mississippi, he stood up in the middle of a cotton field, and he said: 
and sing about me and play the guitar about me. 
You know, I reckon it will be myself. Yeah, 
B.B. King went on to become a worldwide icon of music; and people all over the world, regardless of race, creed, or color, appreciated and loved B.B. King. B.B. King influenced all the great ones, from Frank Sinatra to Elvis Presley; and Elvis Presley loved B.B. King. 
Clapton, Mick Jagger, even the Beatles and Muddy Waters, Bo Diddley, all of these musical legends were influenced by B.B. King. 
of life. He sung about love—love lost and love gained. B.B. King sang, and he played the blues. A unique American cultural, musical genre, B.B. King. 
But I won’t be blue always ’Cause I know the sun’s gonna shine in my 
I am all alone at midnight, and the lights are 
But the sun’s gonna shine in my back door 
many classics that he wrote and he sang was ‘‘The Thrill is Gone.’’ As he would say, ‘‘The thrill is gone away.’’ But, Mr. Speaker, the thrill of B.B. King and his life and his music and his great contributions as a genuine American hero will live on and on for generations to come. B.B. King’s music will live on, and Lucille, his guitar, will live on. 
we thank God, Jehovah God Almighty, for sending B.B. King our way. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. 
large and respected Iranian expatriate community has settled in California, and it has been my privilege to get to know some of them in recent years. They are part of an international diaspora of 5 million people who fled Iran after it fell to Islamic fascism 36 years 
had been rounded up in an antigovernment demonstration and taken to prison. After several years, the families were informed that their loved ones were to be released in the town square. When the excited families arrived for their longawaited reunion, their sons were hanged before their eyes. 
in Paris. He called home to tell his brother in Tehran of an antiKhomeini demonstration. His brother was promptly arrested, tortured, and imprisoned for simply listening. 
years of silence, the brother in America received a call from his brother in Iran who wanted to tell him of the simmering unrest going on throughout that country. The American brother told him to shut up, to remember what happened the last time they had spoken so candidly. His brother in Tehran said: ‘‘I don’t care anymore. They can’t arrest all of us.’’ 
with tell me the same thing: the economic sanctions and international isolation of the regime were bringing Iran to the brink of revolution. 
negotiation with Iran’s fascist Islamic regime. Any agreement between Iran’s leaders and the United States is meaningless because Iran’s leaders’ word is meaningless. Iran’s government is a notoriously untrustworthy rogue state that has made it unmistakably clear that it intends to acquire nuclear weapons and, once acquired, to use them. The only way to avert this nightmare, short of war, is for the regime to collapse from within. 
Over the last several years, the Iranian opposition has grown dramatically for two reasons: there is a strong and growing perception among the Iranian people that the Iranian dictatorship is a pariah in the international community, and the resulting international economic sanctions have created conditions that make the regime’s overthrow imperative. 
Barack Obama did incalculable damage by initiating these negotiations. By engaging this rogue state, President Obama has given it international recognition and legitimacy at just that moment when it had lost legitimacy in the eyes of its own people. Worse, by promising relief from economic sanctions, he has removed the most compelling reason the organized Iranian resistance had to justify the regime’s overthrow. 
It is not the outcome of the negotiations that matters because any agreement with Iran’s conniving leaders is meaningless. It is the negotiations, themselves, that have greatly strengthened the regime, just when it was most vulnerable from growing opposition among its own people. Now, the House just passed H.R. 1191 
that purports to restore congressional oversight to these talks. I believe it completely missed the point. 
any treaty be approved by twothirds of the Senate. Well, that wasn’t going to happen, so Mr. Obama simply redefined the prospective treaty as an agreement between leaders, an agreement with no force of law and no legal standing. 
this equation by establishing a wholly extraconstitutional process that lends the imprimatur of Congress to these negotiations with no practical way to stop the lifting of sanctions. Instead of twothirds of the Senate having to approve a treaty, as the Constitution requires, this agreement takes effect automatically unless twothirds of both Houses reject it—a complete sham. 
approval to extremely harmful negotiations that Congress, instead, ought to vigorously condemn and unambiguously repudiate. 
ahead what Churchill called ‘‘the parliamentary democracies’’ will regain the national leadership required to prevent these negotiations from producing what amounts to the Munich accords for the Middle East. That will require treating the Iranian dictatorship as the international pariah that it is, and it will require providing every ounce of moral and material support to the Iranian opposition that they need to rid their Nation of this fascist Islamic dictatorship, to restore their proud heritage, and to retake their place among the civilized nations of the world. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Twain once said that ‘‘action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.’’ 
Since last week’s tragic Amtrak accident, we have heard plenty of words about the need for stronger rail safety measures and investments in our infrastructure, but it is time for Congress to back up these words with action. It is time for Congress to put its money where its mouth is. 
We know how to prevent tragic accidents like the one that happened on Amtrak last week. We even mandated new technology called positive train control that would have prevented it. But what Congress has refused to do is to pay to actually get it done. 
changer for rail safety. The technology would have likely prevented 140 train accidents that have caused more than 280 deaths and $300 million in property damage since 1969. But this safety technology is also incredibly complex and expensive to implement. We have mandated technology that is expected to 
cost billions, and we are forcing the Nation’s railroads to foot the entire bill. 
been on Amtrak, but despite last week’s accident, Amtrak is actually on target to implement positive train control by the end of the year. 
For the already cashstrapped commuter railroads around the country, it is a completely different story. For them, Congress’ refusal to fund positive train control has pretty much stopped implementation in its tracks. Expected to cost commuter railroads nearly $3.5 billion, it is no wonder that over 70 percent of commuter railroads won’t achieve positive train control implementation before this year’s deadline. 
to the daily commute of millions of Americans. In fact, Amtrak’s annual ridership pales in comparison to our Nation’s commuter railroads. While Amtrak carries 30 million riders a year, commuter railroads carry close to 500 million. 
ridership last year was over 80 million. With numbers like that, how can Congress justify mandating a policy that they know commuter railroads simply cannot afford while providing very little funding to help them do it? 
commuter rails to sacrifice other investments that are crucial to railroad safety and efficiency. Fifty percent of commuter railroads are currently deferring other capital investments to implement positive train control. 
And what happens when the commuters aren’t able to implement this technology before the end of this year? They get penalized—fined. Instead of giving money to the commuters to pay for PTC, the Federal Government is actually going to end up collecting money from them for not being able to afford to do so. 
incredibly important and incredibly expensive new technology. But it has amounted to a lot of words and very little action. 
PTC also authorized $50 million a year in rail safety technology grants to help Amtrak and commuter railroads pay for this implementation, but in the 7 years since the law was passed, Congress has only appropriated funding once. 
wasn’t enough then, and it is sure not enough now. That is why I introduced a bill with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) in March to reauthorize 
it started. It is time for Congress to get serious about investing in our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. And it is time for Congress to help our commuter railroads implement positive train control and prevent the kind of 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor Mr. Max Demby. Mr. Demby is a former congressional intern from my office, a University of Colorado senior, and an outstanding young man of character who was recently recognized by his community and local police for an act of heroism when he stopped a sexual assault in progress on his school campus. 
Mr. Demby, who is from Cortez, Colorado, is a dedicated student, pursuing a degree in accounting at CU. He fills his time outside of the classroom with extracurricular activities such as internships and also works as a Ralphie handler at CU, which involves helping to manage the school mascot. 
walking on campus when he happened to come across what looked to be an attempted sexual assault. Acting with bravery and determination, Mr. Demby took action and ran off the attacker. 
the attacker, Mr. Demby humbly stated: ‘‘I was able to be in the right place at the right time and do the right thing.’’ By intervening, Max put himself in harm’s way to help the victim, and his act of selflessness drastically reduced the irreparable damage that the criminal was intent on causing. 
should not go unnoticed. He serves as an admirable example of what young men of character should be. By putting others before himself and by intervening to stop a crime without hesitation, he made his community and campus a safer place. 
District and the State of Colorado, I would like to thank Mr. Demby for his selfless act of bravery. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
end of March, I had the privilege of spending some time with the Highland Valley Elder Services’ Meals on Wheels program in Northampton, Massachusetts, as part of their ‘‘March for Meals Month’’ to raise awareness about senior hunger. 
I began my visit in the kitchen at the 
Walter Salvo Elder House, where an average of 550 healthy meals are prepared from scratch every weekday for delivery to homebound seniors and disabled residents of Hampshire County. 
Highland Valley director Allan Ouimet and nutrition program director Nancy Mathers. Then I helped volunteer driver Arthur Mongeon pack up the day’s meals in insulated coolers to keep the food hot. This day’s meal was homemade chicken covered in gravy, mashed potatoes, green beans, cranberry sauce, applesauce, and milk. The food looked and smelled delicious and reminded me of what my grandmother used to make. 
route, making stops at 15 homes in Northampton. At each stop, I had the opportunity to deliver the meal and chat with the residents. It was an eye opening experience, and I thoroughly enjoyed hearing people’s stories. 
third of the daily nutritional recommendations. For many individuals, the meal they receive from Meals on Wheels is the only wellbalanced meal they eat all day. 
meals are lowincome and often have significant health challenges that make it simply too difficult to prepare a full meal, never mind going out to the grocery store to shop. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most interesting things I learned from my visit is that Meals on Wheels is so much more than just a meals program. People who are homebound—many, who live alone—look forward to the brief, daily visits from the volunteers. These visits lift their spirits and allow them to socialize, and volunteers can check in and see how they are doing. Because of programs like Meals on Wheels, seniors can stay in their own homes where they are most comfortable and live independently longer. 
food insecurity in this country, nearly everybody talks about children, and we are right to want to do everything we can to end childhood hunger. But lost in that narrative is the reality that, among the food insecure, the rising population is seniors. One in twelve seniors in our country is faced with the reality of hunger. That is 5.3 million seniors who don’t have enough to eat. Many are living on fixed incomes that often force them to choose between prescriptions and food—or paying their medical bills or heating their homes. 
about 20 percent of those who receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefits. The average SNAP benefit for households with seniors is a meager $134 per month. Unfortunately, we also know that eligible elderly households are much less likely to participate in SNAP than other eligible households. Many seniors may not realize that they qualify for assistance, or they may simply be reluctant to ask for help. 
needs. Hunger is especially dangerous for seniors and can exacerbate underlying medical conditions. Foodinsecure seniors are at increased risk for conditions like depression, heart attack, diabetes, and high blood pressure. 
Month, and national organizations like Feeding America, the nationwide network of food banks, are focused on raising awareness about senior hunger through their #solveseniorhunger social media campaign. 
anniversary of the Older Americans Act, which provides a range of critical services, including Meals on Wheels, that enable about 11 million older adults to stay independent as long as possible. To honor that significant anniversary, I hope that Congress will pass a strong reauthorization of OAA programs, which have been flatfunded over the past decade and without a longterm authorization since 2011. Demand for OAA programs and services continues to rapidly increase as our population ages, and to think that more and more seniors will experience hunger is heartbreaking. It is unacceptable in this country. 
the wonderful people and the work that they do at Highland Valley Elder Services throughout western Massachusetts. Every day they are making the lives of seniors a little better and a little brighter. We in Congress should do our part to ensure that our Nation’s seniors don’t go hungry. We should pass a strong reauthorization of the Older Americans Act and adequately fund programs like Meals on Wheels, and we should reject harmful cuts to SNAP that will disproportionately harm the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and the disabled. 
White House to hold a White House Conference on Food, Nutrition, and Hunger to come up with a comprehensive plan to end hunger once and for all in this country. We can and we should end hunger now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
to highlight an issue that is coming upon us very quickly. 
Nation have talked about Social Security and Medicare and the trust funds going bankrupt for the retirement fund and Medicare sometime in 2033, 2034, but, Mr. Speaker, there is a more impending crisis coming down upon us. The Social Security disability trust fund is scheduled to go insolvent in 2016. That means, if we do nothing, what is going to happen in 2016 is millions of Americans across this Nation who receive those lifesaving disability benefits monthly will see a reduction in their benefits to the tune of 20 to 21 percent. That is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. 
Two years ago, as I serve on the Ways 
and Means Committee, I had an opportunity to question our Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew. I asked him the 
question 2 years ago: You know this crisis is on the horizon. I have read your testimony to this committee of Ways and Means, and I read the entire President’s budget. 
or a reference to this impending crisis. What is the solution the White House is offering? 
are going to take the portion of our payroll taxes that goes to Social Security retirement that is paid by future retirees and use the $270 billion necessary to bail out the disability trust fund. 
Mr. Speaker, before I came to Congress, I had a private business. If you talk to any smallbusiness owner across America, what they will tell you that is, it is robbing Peter to pay Paul because the Social Security retirement trust fund is on that same path to insolvency in 2033. So why would you take from one and use it to bail out another when both programs are in dire straits? So, Mr. Speaker, I said to Jack Lew this year, when I had an opportunity to question him, that is unacceptable. We need to do better not only in order to protect the Social Security retirees, who are near and dear to me, but also to those in the disability community that rely on these benefits. 
reformed for decades. I care about those individuals deeply. And when I see disabled folks coming in to my office, as I have reached out to stakeholder groups and had conversations, what they tell me is they have a disability trust fund program that essentially penalizes them for trying to go back to work. That doesn’t make sense. 
We should be standing with the disability community if they have a capacity, a willingness, and a desire to go back to work. Our policies here in Washington, D.C., should say we are going to stand with you, we are going to encourage you, and we are going to applaud you, not penalize you, for doing that. 
that this crisis needs to be dealt with. It is time to lead. What we are looking for is input from across the country on ideas on how we can reform the disability trust fund, protect our Social Security retirees to the extent that we possibly can, and make sure that we have a disability trust fund that is designed and performing in the 21st century, a trust fund that says to the disabled community, we are with you, we are going to stand next to you, and we are going to give you the resources you need in order to live a great and fruitful life. At the same time we are going to look at our Social Security retirees and say to them, ‘‘We are going to protect you.’’ 
us in 2016, Mr. Speaker, then how in God’s name can we fix the crises of 
Medicare and Social Security that are coming upon us in 2033 and thereabouts? There are millions of Americans that deserve a better answer than kicking the can down the road. Mr. Speaker, it is time to lead, and I rise today to ask all my colleagues to join me in that leadership role. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Loyola High School, Los Angeles, California, offered the following prayer: 
holy Chamber of democracy conscious of our great gifts and conscious of the great people for whom we use these gifts in service. 
Come to us. Remain with us. Enlighten our hearts. Give us courage and strength to know Your will, to make it our own, and to live it in our own lives. 
Enable us to uphold the rights of others, and never let us be misled by ignorance or corrupted by fear and favor. Unite us in the bond of Your unconditional love, and keep us faithful to all that is true. 
Your love so that our decisions are pleasing to You and earn for us the reward promised to all of Your good and faithful servants. 
And we ask this in the name of your 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING REVEREND GREGORY 
the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. (Mr. BECERRA asked and was given 
today to welcome Father Gregory Goethals, a member of the Society of Jesus and the president of Loyola High School in Los Angeles, to the United States House of Representatives. We thank him for delivering today’s opening prayer. 
Father Goethals is one of Los Angeles’ finest public servants. He has dedicated his life to educating our country’s next generation of leaders. Loyola High School, an allboys school in the Pico Union area of Los Angeles, ranks as one of the finest institutions of secondary education in America. 
young men are motivated to become ‘‘educated’’ in the full sense of the word. Not only do students at Loyola go on to complete college at the finest universities in America, but they graduate Loyola having donated more than 1.5 million hours of community service to inner city schools and neighborhoods over the past 25 years. 
celebrate its 150th anniversary, making it the oldest continually operated educational institution in southern California. Under the visionary stewardship of Father Goethals, Loyola is poised to graduate yet another era of American heroes and leaders. 
For that, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me to applaud Father Gregory Goethals for his dedication to his faith and to our leaders of tomorrow. We will remember his words of prayer this morning. 
House the following resignations as a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Committee on Foreign Affairs: 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER : With my appointment to the House Financial Services Committee, I hereby resign from the House Agriculture Committee and House Foreign Affairs Committee. It has been an honor to serve on both. 
to contact me. Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Homeland Security: 
Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
we have been calling for a longterm surface transportation bill to replace the one that expires at the end of this month. 
of my colleagues as we counted down the days left for Congress to act. Without a funding solution, the jobs of over 600,000 American workers are at risk. The gas tax, by the way, hasn’t been raised in 20 years and is no longer sufficient to pay for repairs to dangerous roads, highways, bridges, and rail lines needed to protect Americans. 
on a bandaid approach that only runs to July instead of a real solution to this infrastructure crisis. This is often what happens here, but it is not the best way to govern. States and local transit agencies need this certainty that longterm funding will be available as they make important decisions about construction projects to meet our needs well into the future. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate a manufacturer in Indiana on a tremendous milestone for not just the company, but our communities in southern Indiana. Just this month, Toyota Manufacturing in Princeton, Indiana, impressively surpassed 5,000 employees, and the plant plans to add an additional 300 positions by the end of next year. 
jobs that support our families and our local economy. In addition to the 
workforce growth, the plant recently celebrated the production of its 4 millionth vehicle, which is a testament to the best workforce in America. 
and women are making topnotch products in Indiana that are being shipped across the country and around the world. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the infrastructure investment can be an economic game changer. In western New York, the Federal highway bill funded the reconstruction of Fuhrman Boulevard, which reconnected our community with its waterfront, resulting in new private sector investment. 
Street in Buffalo to Main Street in Williamsville, the Robert Moses Parkway in Niagara Falls, and Kenmore Avenue in Tonawanda, tens of millions of Federal dollars are contributing to transformative projects in our community. The construction of these projects has economic benefits as well. 660,000 jobs depend on Federal road and transit investment. Yet today, the House will extend, for just 2 months, the Federal transportation program that is weak and inadequate. We can do much better. 
provides funding. We need to create jobs and bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair. 
Building Here at Home Act to do just that. Congress should be humbled that it has allowed our infrastructure to fall into such disrepair, and we should use these 2 months to pass a longterm bill that America needs. 
have a mental illness. That is roughly 43 million Americans. These invisible wounds are just as serious as physical ones, and it is vital we understand the health care needs of individuals living with mental illnesses. 
from PTS and TBI are our veterans, our true heroes. As vice chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I am familiar with their struggle. This is why I introduced the COVER Act, which recently passed in the Veterans’ Affairs Health Subcommittee and which gives veterans choices to seek 
As we observe Mental Health Awareness Month, let us all remember: these invisible wounds deserve our attention as much as the physical ones. 
today to recognize the Sam Houston Texans on their soccer team and their hardfought journey to the 6A University Interscholastic League semifinals. These 25 young men not only demonstrated their athletic talent but exemplified the teamwork and perseverance needed to complete a successful season. 
Huerta, Rene Benitez, and Eddy Rodriguez of the Sam Houston High soccer team for being named to the first team 6A allState team. 
School’s soccer team continue a tradition of success through hard work, determination, and pride. I am proud to represent Arlington Independent School District and Sam Houston High. 
and students of Sam Houston High School, congratulations on this incredible athletic accomplishment. You have made north Texas proud. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in great support of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
in the fight against human trafficking, and I am honored to see my amendment adopted into this legislation. 
that members of the medical community are the only outside aid to have direct contact with trafficking victims. Mr. Speaker, my amendment will educate and train health care professionals on proper techniques in order to better administer care. But, more importantly, it empowers members of the medical community so they can intervene on behalf of those being trafficked. 
It has been an honor to work with my 
colleagues on this pivotal piece of legislation, and I am thrilled to see this legislation and my amendment move to the President’s desk to be signed into law. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, there 
are only 2 legislative days left until the highway trust fund expires on May 31, and we do not have time to waste. Across the country, 6,000 critical construction jobs are in jeopardy, and 660,000 goodpaying construction jobs are hanging in the balance. 
In Michigan, we know how desperately this funding is needed. Seventeen percent of our roads are rated in good shape—only 17 percent; 38 percent of our roads are in poor, some dangerous—not fair, but poor, condition. It is unacceptable. 
longterm solution to repair our roads, bridges, and transit. Today our Republican colleagues have introduced a plan that just kicks it down the road again. This must be the last time. Funding the highway trust fund is about this Nation’s future. It is about our competitiveness. It is about providing businesses and local and State governments the certainty that they need, and it is about goodpaying jobs for working families. 
It is time to end this culture of crisis 
and bring to the floor a longterm, sustainable solution to authorize the highway trust fund. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am grateful for the President’s decision to target Abu Sayyaf where Special Operations Forces heroically carried out a successful mission. I hope this is a change of course where the President takes action to stop further attacks on American families for a strategy of victory. 
seized the Anbar capital of Ramadi, holding onethird of Iraq, revealing the President’s failure to negotiate a Status of Forces Agreement. This follows the mass murder of Muslim pilgrims in Karachi, Pakistan, and Egyptian Christians in Libya. Radical Islamic attacks are increasing worldwide with the murder of Jews in Paris, the killing of troops at Fort Hood, and the stabbing in London. 
negotiations with the murderous ideology of Tehran while they continue development of intercontinental ballistic missiles to fulfill their goal of death to America, death to Israel. Hopefully, the President will divert policies to establish a legacy of peace through strength. The President can avoid a legacy of continued attacks by terrorists who have declared war on the American people. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. COMMEMORATING THE HONORABLE SERVICE OF WARREN JACKSON AND ROY DUMONT 
today to commemorate the honorable service of Mr. Warren Jackson and Mr. Roy Dumont, both who bravely fought in the United States Army in World War II. Both gentlemen, who are from my hometown of Flint, Michigan, are in Washington today to visit the World War II Memorial and to pay their respects to their fellow men and women in uniform who paid the ultimate sacrifice. 
3758th Quartermaster Truck Company throughout World War II and retired from the 41st Artillery in 1966. Mr. Dumont served honorably in the 87th Infantry Division, the Golden Acorns, from 1942 through 1945. These men risked their lives to defend freedoms that we cherish and often take for granted as Americans, and our country is and should be forever grateful to them for their service. 
Mr. Jackson and Mr. Dumont, on behalf of the people of the Fifth Congressional District and on behalf of the entire 114th Congress, I thank you for wearing the uniform of the United States and defending this great Nation. You will forever have our lasting gratitude. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, policies that support free enterprise and open markets are the key to building a strong economy. Texas is a prime example. 
For the 11th year in a row, Texas has 
been ranked by Chief Executive magazine as the number one State to relocate your business to; and for more than 20 years straight, Texas job creation has outpaced the rest of the country by a factor of 2 to 1. 
Behind this lasting success are policies that have enhanced economic agreement and allowed Texasmade goods to be sold at markets across the world. It is no surprise Texas has also led the Nation in exports for the last 13 years running. 
markets to thrive has fueled decades of Texas growth. It has also created millions of goodpaying jobs for Texas families. Let’s build on these successful free market policies and bring lasting strength to our American economy. 
city halls to the Halls of Congress, there is universal agreement that our national infrastructure, once the envy of the world, is eroding around us. It is eroding from simple political inattention and inaction. 
longterm infrastructure. We must develop a sustainable funding solution to repair, to restore, and to upgrade our 
we solve it here and now? Are we going to do a responsible, longterm funding solution or are we just going to kick the can down the road? Are we going to wait for more bridges to collapse, for trains to derail, and more roads to fall into gridlock? 
to solve this problem. The safety of every American, the efficiency of every business, and the momentum of our national economy depend on us and are at risk. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Chief Bill Mund, who retires this week after more than a decade as fire chief of the City of St. Cloud, Minnesota. 
through and through. He not only grew up in the Granite City, but after graduating from Apollo High School in 1977 and serving in the United States Navy, he returned to his hometown. He has dedicated his career to his hometown community, joining the St. Cloud Fire Department 32 years ago. 
chief, he was the assistant chief to his predecessor, Mike Holman. Now as chief, he has overseen five fire stations and 63 firefighters that respond to approximately 4,000 incidents each year. 
the St. Cloud community, Chief Mund. Enjoy your retirement. You deserve it. 
today to honor and remember six heroic United States marines who died last week serving our country during a humanitarian lifesaving mission halfway around the world. They were killed in a tragic helicopter crash in Nepal as they delivered badly needed supplies to that nation’s suffering earthquake victims. 
close ties to Nebraska. One of the helicopter’s decorated pilots, 29yearold 
Captain Dustin Lukasiewicz, grew up in Wilcox, Nebraska. Prior to serving in Nepal, he was deployed in Afghanistan. Captain Lukasiewicz leaves behind his wife, Ashley, and one daughter. Ashley is also pregnant and due to deliver next month. 
Jacob Hug, a decorated combat videographer from Arizona, leaves behind several family members and close friends who live in Omaha and neighboring Council Bluffs, Iowa. Corporal Hug was capturing images of the Marine Corps’ relief efforts in Nepal. Prior to deploying to Nepal, Corporal Hug filmed and photographed marines from South Korea, Thailand, Australia, Japan, Guam, and the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in keeping these brave, selfless individuals and their families in your thoughts and prayers. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL R. MARTIN UMBARGER OF THE INDIANA NATIONAL GUARD 
today to pay tribute to a great Hoosier, a true patriot, and my friend, Major General R. Martin Umbarger of the Indiana National Guard. He is retiring at the end of this month. 
in public service as an enlisted soldier in the Indiana Army National Guard in 1969. Over the next three decades, Marty rose through the ranks and stood out as a remarkable leader. In 2004, thenGovernor Mitch Daniels appointed him Adjutant General of the State of Indiana, where he served as the highest ranking military officer in our great State’s National Guard for more than 10 years. 
true Hoosier hero. His shoes will be big ones to fill. 
and thank you for your incredible service to our State and our Nation. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement was supposed to begin accepting Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, or DAPA, applications. It was to be a day of hope, not disappointment, for millions of families across the country. But because of a politically motivated decision by a Texas judge, implementation has been halted. Now 17,000 hardworking men and women in Clark County, Nevada, must wait for relief in fear of being torn from their families. Mr. Speaker, Nevada is the State 
with the largest share of undocumented immigrants in its total population—210,000 people, or 7.6 percent, and that is equal to 10.2 percent of our workforce. They are our colleagues, our neighbors, our classmates, and our friends, and they play a vital role in the success of our community. 
Congress needs to pass comprehensive immigration reform so families across the country and in Nevada can come out of the shadows, legally work, go to school, and contribute to the only community they call home. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today because I realize, like my friends across the aisle, that we find ourselves in a crisis situation of our own making. The Federal highway trust fund is set to run out of money, and with our current infrastructure needs, the fund’s moneys are simply not enough. But instead of addressing the issue during the last several Congresses, shortterm fixes have been passed, and Congress has kicked the can down the road. We need more than rhetoric on the importance of infrastructure. We need solutions. 
Mr. Speaker, on Thursday I will introduce the Prioritizing American Roads and Jobs Act. This bill will roll back 100 percent Medicaid expansion reimbursement rates to be equal to traditional Medicaid rates, with the savings transferring to the highway trust fund. This bill will add $15 billion a year to the trust fund and put it back on the path to financial stability for the long term, while freeing up $150 billion for deficit reduction over the next 10 years. 
today in support of continuing investments in early childhood education. 
Yesterday marked the 50th anniversary launch of Head Start. Head Start programs give students an opportunity to start out strong and help to close the achievement gap that plagues many lowincome communities. 
As a mother, grandmother, and retired educator, I recognize that early education provides students with the resources they need in the most critical learning years. More than 27 percent of the people in my district live below the poverty line. Students in lowincome families have obvious disadvantages that are exacerbated when they arrive in kindergarten less prepared than their peers. 
More than 3,000 children in my district benefit from Head Start programs. These programs give many children the jumpstart and the confidence 
they need. Research shows that children enrolled in highquality education programs are more likely to graduate from high school, go to college, and secure highpaying jobs. 
education is an investment in our future. I will continue fighting for early learning initiatives and commonsense education reform that prepare all of our students to succeed, and I call on my colleagues to do the same. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commend Cadet Jonathan Chase Strickland of the University of North Georgia Corps of Cadets for being selected as the top ROTC cadet in the Nation. Cadet Strickland was also selected as the United States Army Cadet Command’s Cadet of the Year for 2015. 
of 5,617 Army ROTC cadets across the Nation based on outstanding performance in physical fitness, campus leadership, and academic record. A factor in his selection was his successful completion of the Army’s Leadership Development and Assessment Course. 
Georgia, attended North Hall High School, and will graduate this spring from my alma mater, the University of North Georgia, with a degree in international affairs. He will be commissioned into the Army as a 2nd lieutenant in military intelligence. He plans on attending the Infantry Officer Leadership School at Fort Benning and the Ranger School. 
After watching Chase grow up, knowing his father and his grandfather and his fine family, it is not surprising that he rose to the top. Please join me in congratulating Cadet Strickland on this truly great accomplishment, and wish him the very best and a successful career of service to our country. 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
should have been a great day of celebration of hope and relief for the millions of hardworking immigrant families across the country who would be able to register for the expanded DACA and DAPA programs. 
program would provide welcome relief to thousands of hardworking immigrant families, allowing them to pay a fine, register, get right with the law, and work legally. Unfortunately, they 
sit in limbo while they wait for a judge to decide the fate of the DACA and DAPA programs. 
It should be incumbent on any politician who seeks to thwart or undermine these programs to propose a legislative solution through Congress. That is everybody’s first choice. Only Congress can provide a pathway to citizenship. Only Congress can permanently replace our broken immigration system with one that works, one that restores the rule of law, one that secures our border, and one that provides a pathway to citizenship. 
the side of justice and the rule of law by lifting the injunction; but no matter what happens, this judicial mess is just further proof of Congress’ failure to act. 
broken immigration system and move forward with restoring the rule of law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed without amendment H. Con. Res. 43. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OF H.R. 1806, AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2353, HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 271 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, H. Res. 271, providing for consideration of three important bills. 
of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 and the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2016 under structured rules, and the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 under a closed rule. It is important to note that this combined rule allows for separate consideration of each bill. This House will separately debate and consider these important issues. 
The Legislative Branch Appropriations bill is traditionally considered under a structured amendment process, and that practice is continued today. 
a dozen amendments in order, with more than half—eight amendments— coming from Democratic sponsors. 
responsible proscience bill that reauthorizes civilian research programs at the Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
The bill keeps our Nation competitive on the global stage and works to refocus the Federal Government’s primary scientific role to fund basic research. This reprioritization of basic research will help ensure future U.S. economic competitiveness and security and will spur additional private sector technological innovation, which is crucial to the United States remaining a world leader in scientific and technological advances. 
these programs equal to the fiscal year 2015 appropriated levels and is consistent with the caps set by the Budget Control Act, prioritizing taxpayer investment in basic research without increasing overall Federal spending. 
on Federal investment and research in the physical sciences and engineering helps to develop and advance knowledge and technologies used in fields by scientists who are dedicated to improving the lives of all Americans. 
of these investments while visiting the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, one of our 17 national labs, which I am proud to represent in my district, Washington’s Fourth District. 
the national labs and research universities all across the country is critical to our country’s future, and the prioritizations and reforms on this bill will enhance the work being done to the benefit of all Americans. 
billion the administration’s large and unjustified program, such as late stage commercialization, which picks winners and losers that compete with the private sector. 
taxpayer dollars, and this legislation will prevent duplicative and wasteful research activities by requiring the Department of Energy to certify that the work being done is original and has not already been conducted by another Federal agency. 
will reestablish the priority of basic research in the core physical sciences 
and biology in the Nation’s civilian science agencies. This bill sets the right priorities for our Nation’s civilian research and will promote U.S. innovation, ingenuity, and competitiveness, all without increasing our national debt or deficit. 
This rule also provides for consideration of H.R. 2250, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2016. This legislation provides funding for all operations of the United States House of Representatives, the U.S. Capitol complex, the Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, and the many other agencies that are so important to the daytoday functions of Congress. 
branch with $3.3 billion in fiscal year 2016—the same amount as fiscal year 2014, as well as fiscal year 2015—continuing this Chamber’s commitment to leading by example during these times of huge deficits and outofcontrol debt. 
The activities this bill funds are critical to the operations of the Capitol complex, which must be protected, cared for, and maintained. Visitors from my district in central Washington, as well as visitors from across the country and throughout the world, travel countless miles to visit this remarkable institution, which is a symbol of democracy and freedom for so many. 
we must ensure that the Capitol remains in this pristine condition and is able to withstand the test of time so that many future generations are able to visit this truly unique and historic place. 
consideration of H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015. 
trust fund’s expenditure authority for 2 months—from May 31 to July 31. It will also provide an extension for many important Federal highway and public transportation programs, such as the motor carrier and highway safety programs as well as the hazardous materials transportation program, through July 31. 
President signed the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014, which was intended to provide enough funding for the highway trust fund to remain solvent through May 31 of this year. However, the funding is now lasting longer than was originally predicted, and this bill will extend the trust fund’s expenditure authority so that transportation spending is able to continue through July while Congress works to find a solution that will ensure the trust fund remains solvent for years to come. A constructive dialogue in Congress is needed on this issue, one that will give States the certainty they need to build the roads, the bridges, 
and other infrastructure that our communities and our economy need to thrive in the 21st century. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straightforward rule. I support its adoption, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule and the underlying bills. 
start of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals expansion and the Deferred Action for Parents of American Citizens program that President Obama launched in light of the continued failure of this Congress to finally fix our broken immigration system. This Congress hasn’t brought forth a single immigration bill, not secured our border, not ensured that employers follow our law and only employ legal American workers; but, rather, at every opportunity, it has sought to thwart the executive branch, doing what they can with the powers they have under our U.S. Constitution to restore the rule of law without the help of this body. 
yet another way of kicking the ball down the road and refusing to address our broken immigration system, a problem that will continue to get worse until Congress steps up and solves it. 
Childhood Arrivals program’s expansion, known as DACA—already a great success with additional success along the way with the new expansion—and the Deferred Action for Parents of American Citizens program, or DAPA, are soon unclogged by the courts to at least reduce the size of this sometimes insurmountable problem that Congress continues to refuse to tackle. That is the alternative. 
three bills every week and if none of them are about border security and none of them are about immigration, do you know what? Instead of there being 10 million people here illegally, there are going to be 15 or 20 million here 10 years. That is exactly where this Republican Congress is leading us—towards an America where, someday, there might be more people here illegally than there are here legally. Think about that, Mr. Speaker. 
before us today is not immigration reform. It is, instead, a 2month extension of the current surface transportation authorization. Our transportation system is the lifeblood of our country. It dictates our ability to move and manage not only people but information, ideas, products, industries, commerce, jobs. By failing to pass a longterm transportation reauthorization, which will ensure the security of our highways and transit systems for 
more than 60 days, we are putting our Nation’s economic lifeblood in jeopardy. 
today is not immigration reform. The second bill, instead, is a partisan attempt to inject the ideological priorities of my Republican colleagues into education and research, priorities that are opposed by the very titans of research for whom this bill is ostensibly designed. I will talk more about that in a moment. 
Of the third bill before us today, I am 
hopeful. Is it immigration reform? I ask the gentleman from Washington: Is the third bill before us today immigration reform? I am happy to yield to the gentleman for an answer. 
In reclaiming my time, he is speechless. He is speechless because he knows the truth: the third bill is not immigration reform. The third bill is actually the funding bill for the legislative branch of government. Maybe if the legislative branch of government were actually doing its job we would have an immigration reform bill before us; but, no, my colleague from Washington is speechless because he knows as well as I do that this is not immigration reform, that it is, instead, a funding bill for Members of Congress’ salaries and the salaries of our staffs. I guess that is more important than securing our border. I guess that is more important to the Republicans than restoring the rule of law. 
Let me get into these three bills. The Surface Transportation Act 
would extend the authority of the government to fund our highways for 2 months—only for 2 months. What that means is we risk wasting $51 billion and, in jeopardizing that funding, risk over 660,000 jobs by failing to do a long term authorization of the highway trust fund. 
one of us can talk about the importance of transportation in our districts. If you have ever been to Colorado, you will know that there is one major artery to get to our worldclass ski facilities and unparalleled 14,000 peaks from the metro area—Highway 70. If you have ever taken it, particularly on a Friday, or have come back on a Sunday, you might very well have sat in your car at a dead stop. If you have been to Fort Collins, which is the largest city in my district and is home to one of our great universities, Colorado State University, you might have found similar circumstances around the long rush hour on Highway 25 north. Waiting 45 minutes in traffic to go 5 or 10 miles is something my constituents do every day—doubling, tripling, quadrupling their commuting time. 
These stories aren’t unique to Colorado. They aren’t unique to my district. I will bet every Member of Congress can share the importance of transportation in their districts. That is why, ostensibly, every Member of Congress says, ‘‘We want transportation. We support roads.’’ 
Democratic roads. There are roads. Yet, by continuing to fail to provide a longterm funding structure for them, we are playing games with the livelihoods of the American people, hurting our own economic lifeblood, wasting people’s time as they are sitting in traffic, throwing into jeopardy the status of the jobs of contractors and subcontractors, and risking lives by continuing to repair our necessary bridges and infrastructure that have accumulated safety deficits. I urge my colleagues to consider the irresponsibility inherent in this punt. 
America COMPETES Act. Now, the original genesis of this bill, which was passed in 2007, was to help America compete in an increasingly global environment across the sciences and to ensure our innovative spirit. 
My district is a hub for scientific research, and we are excited to have the University of Colorado at Boulder, Colorado State University, NOAA, NREL, and NCAR. Research that is done in Colorado has ramifications and positive effects across the country, like our space weather lab in Boulder, which helps make sure that air traffic controllers and pilots have access to upto theminute information about solar flares that could alter their trajectories in realtime. 
bipartisan legacy that the original COMPETES Act sets out or instead of replacing our broken immigration system with one that works for our country, seems to cherrypick winners based on ideology and overturns the historic priorities of the bill. Why else would the dean of Research at CU Boulder oppose this bill? Why else would our widely respected Secretary of Energy oppose this bill? Dozens of the largest scientific organizations and coalitions—this is supposed to be a science bill—are saying, ‘‘Don’t give us this bill. It will hurt science in our country.’’ How does that even make any sense? 
The efforts of the Republicans to hijack this legislation for ideological interests are utterly transparent. Scientists are saying, ‘‘Go home Federal Government. Don’t help us with this bill.’’ Again, in yet another instance of Federal overreach, the Republicans are imposing their versions of science on those in the field who are doing work. 
2250, also a bill that is not immigration reform. It does nothing to secure our border, but it does make sure that Members of Congress get paid. I am sure Republicans can go home happy about that. It makes sure our hard working staff gets paid, the committees get paid, and the buildings get repaired. 
Those are fine things. If we had an all volunteer legislature, we probably 
statesmen we have tackling our national problems here today. But it is not immigration reform, Mr. Speaker. It doesn’t secure our border, and it will only continue to increase the number of people who are here illegally in our country while Congress continues to punt and to undermine the efforts of the President to do what he can with the powers he has through DACA and DAPA, which were scheduled to start today. 
I do want to point out that the underlying draft of this Legislative Branch Appropriations Act is another example of the failure to address many of the needs of our country. There was an effort by my colleague DEBBIE  
amendment to ensure that House cafeteria workers receive a living wage. You would think we would want to be an example of a model employer. I would hope that we, as custodians of the U.S. Capitol, would take some pride in that we are a model employer; we are a little microcosm of what employers should do, best practices. But there is a Senate employee who is homeless because, on the salary he gets, he can’t even afford to rent here in Washington. People who work every day here in the Nation’s Capital are living in poverty. 
I think that we can do better as a 
model employer. If this were my company, I would take no pride in that. I would like to think that this is our company. It is the United States of America, and we are the board. Let’s have employment policies that we as employers can be proud of. 
the rule and to, instead, bring to the floor immigration reform or better versions of these bills: a science bill that, maybe, scientists support, maybe; or a transportation bill that maybe funds our highways for more than 2 months so that people can plan. It is time we begin working for the American people, not against them. 
I share the gentleman from Colorado’s opinion that the issue of immigration reform is huge, that it is one of the biggest issues facing this country today. I agree that we need to give it adequate debate and time and consideration; although, today is not the day. 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle that combining multiple bills in a single rule can lead to fragmented and confusing debate. 
today, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the 
distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding me time, and who is a former member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee himself. H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES 
Reauthorization Act of 2015, is a pro science, fiscally responsible bill that sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innovation. This bill reauthorizes civilian research programs at the National Science Foundation, at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, at the Department of Energy, and at the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
Space, and Technology Committee has held numerous hearings that have provided input into this bill. This includes budget hearings with the NSF Director, the Acting NIST Director, the Secretary of Energy, and the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. But our consideration of the provisions in this bill began long before last year. 
Space, and Technology Committee held numerous hearings on the topics addressed by this bill as well, and many of the provisions in the bill were debated during the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s consideration of the first act last Congress, which the Science, Space, and Technology Committee passed in May. 
National Science Foundation for 2 years and provides a 4.3 percent increase for research and related activities. The bill prioritizes funding for the directors of biology, computer science, engineering, and mathematics and physical sciences, and it recognizes the need to make strategic investments in basic R&D for the U.S. to remain the global leader in science and innovation. 
The bill reprioritizes research spending at the National Science Foundation by reducing funding for the Social, Behavioral, and Economic Directorate and Geosciences. The bill, instead, focuses funds on the physical sciences from which there are almost all of the scientific breakthroughs that drive new technology, new businesses, industries, and job creation and that spurs innovation. 
Tight Federal budget constraints require all taxpayers’ dollars to be spent on highvalue science in the national interest. Unfortunately, the National Science Foundation has funded a number of projects that do not meet the highest standards of scientific merit— from climate change musicals, to evaluating animal photographs in National Geographic, to studying humanset fires in New Zealand in the 1800s—and there are dozens of other examples. 
The bill ensures accountability by restoring the original intent of the 1950 NSF Act and requiring that all grants serve the national interest. 
Science, Space, and Technology’s commitment to enhancing STEM education programs. A healthy and viable STEM workforce is critical to American industries and ensures our future economic prosperity. The definition of STEM is expanded to include computer science, which connects all STEM subjects. 
bills the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology approved in March. Those bills—H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act; H.R. 1156, the International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015; and H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Competitions Act—passed the committee by voice vote. Two of these bills were sponsored by Democrats. 
measurement standards and technology work taking place at the National Institute for Standards and Technology laboratories, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program, and the recently authorized Network for Manufacturing Innovation. 
of Energy Office of Science for 2 years at a 5.4 percent increase over fiscal year 2015. It prioritizes basic research that enables researchers in all 50 States to have access to worldclass user facilities, including supercomputers and highintensity light sources. This bill also prevents duplication and requires DOE to certify that its climate science work is unique and not being undertaken by other Federal agencies. 
Title VI reauthorizes the DOE applied research and development programs and activities for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. 
latestage commercialization efforts within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to research and development efforts. 
bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. Currently, the private sector has little incentive to build reactor prototypes due to regulatory uncertainty from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
Federal civilian research, which enhances innovation and U.S. competitiveness without adding to the Federal deficit and debt. I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. 
the gentleman from Washington shares a desire to address the broken immigration system. I know the chair of the Committee on Rules, Mr. SESSIONS , has 
indicated similarly. Just as I have posed to Mr. SESSIONS in the past, I 
would like to pose to the gentleman from Washington if he has a timeframe for when we can expect immigration legislation here on the floor of the House. 
I would be happy to yield to the gentleman from Washington to answer that. 
one aspect on the floor of this rule. My colleague from Washington made a statement that we are dealing with a 2 month extension because we found some extra money to let it last longer. 
2month extension is because we have not been able to resolve this problem. I made the remarks on the floor of the House last summer that extending it to May is not going to get us anyplace, and we would be right back in the same spot. I could dust off the same speech. 
little tiny bit of give, but it doesn’t mean that we have enough money and that there aren’t consequences. There are States across the country, because of the uncertainty of the Republican funding approach, that are already cutting back on construction projects this summer. 
This will be the 33rd shortterm funding extension. It is a symbol of the failure of my Republican colleagues to do anything in the 55 months that they have been in charge to deal with transportation funding. They have never even had a hearing on transportation finance. 
Now, I will say that over the last 22 
years there have been some bipartisan failures to step up to it. Ironically, the solution is clear, thoroughly studied, and broadly supported: raise the gas tax for the first time since 1993. 
have to do anything extraordinary, just allow the Committee on Ways and Means to follow regular order. Have some serious committee hearings. Listen to the experts. Invite in the stakeholders that build, that maintain, and use our transportation system. Let’s have at the witness dais heads of the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—who agree we should raise the gas tax—the head of transit, the American Trucking Association, AAA, bicyclists. 
They could refer back to great Republican leaders of the past. Dwight Eisenhower established the gas tax to fund the Interstate Highway System. Ronald Reagan, the conservative icon, called Congress back in November of 1982 to more than double the gas tax, which Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill did. 
involve Republican leaders today. Six Republican States have raised the gas tax already this year: Idaho, Iowa, Nebraska, Utah, South Dakota, Georgia. 
should do. Let’s step up, solve this problem, avoid this continual uncertainty for people around the country. They deserve better. 
note to my colleague from Colorado, I agree that this is an important issue that he keeps bringing up of immigration, and I will certainly ask my chairman for any timeframe, and I will look forward to working with him and all my colleagues on solving this important issue. 
But today we are talking about highways. We are talking about science. We are talking about keeping this place running smoothly. 
To get us back on subject, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). 
gentleman from Washington for yielding me the time. I am glad to hear I am getting us back on subject. 
of the rule on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. This is fiscally responsible legislation that cuts wasteful government spending and prioritizes innovative scientific research and development. 
A key reform included in the America COMPETES Act is reining in spending at the Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, or EERE. EERE’s budget has grown by almost 60 percent in the last decade. President Obama’s fiscal year 2016 budget request for EERE is over $2.7 billion, with a B, which is a requested increase of another $800 million over last fiscal year. 
The Department of Energy’s approach to energy research and development has also become more and more unbalanced with the EERE’s continued growth. In fact, the President’s proposed budget for EERE R&D is more than double the budgets for nuclear, fossil, and electricity R&D combined. In addition, the work prioritized by EERE is far too focused on increasing the use of today’s existing technology. Many EERE programs are focused on reducing market barriers for existing technology or funding R&D activities already prioritized by the private sector, not conducting the fundamental research to build towards future breakthroughs. 
and rising, and spending caps guiding budgets on everything from energy to national defense, Congress cannot rubberstamp this kind of outofcontrol spending. It is time to adjust the Department of Energy’s budget to reality. 
The America COMPETES Act refocuses Federal investment on energy research and development, not deployment of today’s technology. By funding the basic research and development prioritized in the America COMPETES Act, the Department of Energy can build a foundation for the private sector to bring innovative energy technology to the market and thereby grow the American economy. 
‘‘yes’’ on this rule and ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ), the ranking 
member on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Subcommittee on Space. 
today both as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
that we could bring to the floor. We could have had bipartisan cooperation on America COMPETES so that we can invest in our science and our research and our technology, and yet that is not what is happening here today. 
As to the Highway and Transportation Funding Act, it doesn’t allow for any amendments to the legislation that would fix and fund our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure with predictability, stability, and for the long term. The highway trust fund and the current surface transportation authorization, as we know, are set to expire on May 31, leaving just 3 legislative days to extend it or 4,000 transportation workers will be laid off and work would stop on Federal highway programs all across the country right in the middle of prime construction and building season. 
that we can’t walk away from the highway trust fund. Millions of jobs and thousands of businesses hang in the balance. But we also know that what is before us today is the least most responsible way to fund our infrastructure—2 months at a time. Can you believe it? Two months at a time, Mr. Speaker; no longterm projects, no opportunity for planning, no relief for workers, and at another pivotal moment in the construction season. 
Transportation and Infrastructure, today I am joining Ranking Member DEFAZIO and E LEANOR HOLMES NORTON  
in introducing the GROW AMERICA Act on behalf of the administration. This bill would serve us well to provide $478 billion over 6 years for our highways, bridges, transit, rail, and highway safety programs. This longterm and robust funding bill is a 45 percent increase over our current spending on our tatterdemalion and crumbling infrastructure. It is the type of plan that we have to ensure that our major league economy does not have the infrastructure that wouldn’t even fit children playing Tball. 
side of the aisle twiddle their thumbs 2 months at a time, America is falling apart. Once one of the leaders in the world in quality infrastructure, we are now number 16, according to the World Economic Forum. According to the American Society of Engineers, the overall assessment of our Nation’s infrastructure ranks with a whopping D plus. 
Now look at my home State of Maryland: 5,305 bridges are deficient; they are falling apart. That is 27 percent of the bridges in our State. Just a few months ago, one of my constituents was driving along Suitland Parkway, minding her own business, when a chunk of cement fell and hit her car hood because the bridge was in disrepair. 
have to extend the highway trust fund today, and I challenge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to use this time to go through a bipartisan negotiation on how to pay for our long term and fully funded investments to construct and rebuild our roads, bridges, transit, and rail infrastructure. 
Thirtyfour extensions of the highway trust fund, 52 votes against ACA. Come on, let’s get serious. Move away from the kids’ table; get to the grownup table and fund our highway transportation and infrastructure. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
you hear so many people talking about different topics is there are three completely unrelated topics in this single rule. There is the funding for all of the legislative salaries and the people who work in this building, that is one bill; another one funds roads, but only for 2 months, across the whole country; and the other one is the one that they say is for science but all the scientists oppose. So that is why it is so confusing. There are three completely unrelated bills in here, none of which do a thing about illegal immigration. 
a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. Speaker, we need a surface transportation bill, but the last thing in the world we need is this bill, a 2month extension. 
If this shortterm plan was a necessary step to get us to a longterm bill, that would make some sense; but, as speakers have noted, this is the 33rd time in the past 5 years where Congress has failed to provide longterm and sustainable funding for our surface transportation needs. This is a habit; it is not a plan. 
heels of the bill we passed 9 months ago, and that was a 9month extension of surface transportation paid for by ‘‘pension smoothing.’’ You can’t make that up. 
We lowered the obligation corporations pay to pensions in order to put money in the highway transportation fund. We created a pothole in pensions to fix potholes in the highways; it makes no sense, but now, we are here on a 2month plan—a good job, Congress. We were given some assurances that 
we would have a longterm bill. The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, there are good longterm plans out there. Congressman RENACCI has a 
plan, the President has a plan, as do Congressman DELANEY and Congressman B LUMENAUER . There are policies 
out there. We don’t need a policy debate. We need a decision. 
Congress work, do its job, and pass a longterm funding bill that is going to allow this country to modernize its airports, fix its bridges, make its railroads safer, and dredge our ports deeper. 
We have to bring our 20th century infrastructure into the 21st century, and the only way we are going to get that done is by stepping up to the responsibility that we have to pass a longterm funding plan. 
Speaker himself that it is a tough job putting a bill on the floor. It always is tough when Congress has to pull the trigger on what that revenue source is going to be. 
I will support any plan that is reasonable and sustainable. The only plan I won’t support is no revenue plan at all. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ), a member of the 
Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Congress, I worked at the Economic Development Board for Tacoma, and in my office, I had a sign that said: ‘‘We are competing with everyone, everywhere, every day, forever.’’ 
That sentiment was echoed in a report by the National Academies last decade called, ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm,’’ which was the main influence behind the bipartisan America COMPETES Act. The report provided us with a pathway on how to increase American competitiveness so that we don’t fall behind our global competitors. 
told us that, if we are going to compete as a nation, if we want innovation to happen here in America, if we want jobs to be created here in America, we need to make significant investments in basic research and double the funding dedicated toward research and development. That is from that report. 
today. In fact, funding for basic research in the bill that we are currently debating fails to keep up with the rate of inflation. It fails to live up to the standards set forth in that bipartisan report. 
the Science, Space, and Technology Committee last Congress, a group of my fellow members of the New Democratic Coalition developed a set of principles we thought should guide a reauthorization of America COMPETES legislation. 
funding for basic research, stabilizing funding for research and development, and supporting policies that spark innovation. 
FIRST Act strayed away from these policies and are disappointed this America COMPETES legislation fails to make investments needed for America to remain competitive in the 21st century. 
with my colleagues, does not call for doubling the funding for research and development in the underlying bill or put funding on pace with what was outlined in ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ The amendment we put forward was a compromise. Unfortunately, this amendment was made out of order and not brought to the floor for consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, if we fail to make critical investments in research and innovation, America will fall behind. Let’s take up a bill that lives up to the spirit of bipartisanship and the goals laid out in ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ Let’s compete everywhere, every day, forever. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), who represents 
one of the strongest science clusters in the United States in San Diego. 
Mr. Speaker, our country, as Mr. KILMER pointed out, is facing an everincreasing global competition for scientific research. We can’t afford to cede the leading edge we have built up in innovation to other countries, but 
the current level of funding in the underlying COMPETES bill does not provide adequate and constant funding for our basic scientific endeavors. 
It cuts energy efficiency and renewable energy by 37 percent, cuts electric grid reliability research by 30 percent, and cuts the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy, or ARPA E, by 50 percent. 
foundations for basic scientific research and will make it even harder for us to retain young scientists in the United States. The Scripps Institution of Oceanography, a world leader in ocean research, has noted the harmful cuts to the geoscientist program, which is used to improve prediction for events, including earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, tsunamis, drought, and solar storms. At a time of increasingly extreme weather, we should be investing in research, not cutting it. 
Unfortunately, the amendment offered by Mr. KILMER , Ms. E STY, and me 
to increase funding by a small but significant 3.5 percent was not even given 
a chance to have a vote here on the 
rule and to stand up for America’s scientists and our competitiveness. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
York. I want to thank the gentleman from the great State of Colorado for yielding and for his leadership on the Rules Committee and on so many other important issues before this Congress. 
which finances highway and transportation projects all across this country, is set to expire at the end of this month. It is coming right up. Passing a shortterm fix is necessary because the Republicans have ignored our Nation’s transportation needs for the past 10 months, since the last shortterm extension was passed. 
We don’t need a shortterm extension. We need longterm planning and investment in our infrastructure. The sad reality is that the United States is not investing nearly enough in its infrastructure. As a share of gross domestic product, we invest about one half of what Europe does. We invest only onequarter of what China does. 
the amount of road traffic volume is up 297 percent; yet the public spending on road maintenance is so much lower, 125 percent. It is nearly 2.5 times faster that we are spending—and having volume go up—but we are not investing in our infrastructure to keep up with this volume. 
structurally deficient or functionally obsolete in the United States. We have had two bridges with cars on them that literally collapsed in recent history. 
The question of whether to fix our infrastructure is not about the money. We are already spending the money, fixing our cars when they hit yet another pothole or wasting our time sitting in traffic. Why don’t we have high speed rail like the rest of the world? 
money by investing wisely to support our transportation infrastructure through the highway trust fund. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
under this debate covers three significant but entirely unrelated bills. That is why you are hearing people discuss highway funding; you are hearing people discuss the legislative branch, and you are hearing people discuss science. 
DAPA were scheduled to go into effect to make sure people here illegally can pay a fine, get right with the law, and be employed legally, rather than illegally, we are doing nothing relating to 
restoring the rule of law and securing our borders or anything to address our broken immigration system. 
Congress and our staffs get paid. That is not the wrong thing. Our hardworking men and women who work here should get paid. It is a question of priorities. I would like to see us do something about the 10 or 12 million people here illegally before we start paying ourselves and our staff. 
Again, this is an example of Congress kicking the ball down the road 2 months here, 2 months there, a month here, a month there. All the contractors and subcontractors don’t even know how to present bids when they don’t know whether a yearlong or 2 year project will be funded for more than 2 months. Taxpayers wind up paying more for the same amount of work because we lack the certainty. 
the science bill—which targets certain kinds of science which apparently Republicans don’t like—for instance, the physical sciences and the geological sciences. 
hurts our ability to recognize the causes of things like wildfires and floods that affect my district in Colorado, foresee patterns leading to events like the great Western drought in California. It seems like, if anything, there should be a focus on a very relevant form of science that impacts quality of life every day. 
political reasons, the social sciences. Again, going after the social sciences would harm our ability to adapt for historic storms like Hurricane Sandy or the flood in New Orleans with Katrina and mitigate against floods like those in Colorado. 
physical sciences and people, and that is the work of the social science programs: how public health looks, how flood evacuations look, how disease control looks. 
and should not be politicized by this body, which is why not only I oppose this bill, but dozens of the largest scientific associations and coalitions oppose this bill that ostensibly is for the cause of science. 
is what we call a grabbag approach, just jamming unrelated legislation into ineffective packages that seem to confuse and muddle the meaningful debate that needs to occur. 
majority of the House, this practice of jamming several unrelated bills together into one rule has increased by 400 percent. This rule is an example of that, and it is why the American people suffer from the somewhat disjointed debate around it—one person talks about highways; another counters a point about science; another talks about the legislative branch. It is 
because they are all in here. This is a Christmas tree bill. 
it, I would support this Christmas tree. I could swallow the others if that was in here. I offered that to the gentleman from Washington, but unfortunately, it is not, Mr. Speaker. 
be benefiting from the bills we are reviewing today, like scientists, are actually opposing the bills. That should be a signal that this body is not understanding or heeding the needs of the American people. 
Congress to get back on course. We can tell Congress to do a longterm reauthorization of transportation funding. We can tell Congress to pass a COMPETES Act that actually fosters innovation and makes America more competitive and a legislative branch appropriations bill that furthers the ability of this body to deliberate and be a model employer for those who work here. 
Christmas tree rule, we can set this Congress right. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back 
things done. They are tired of gridlock. And we, in the 114th Congress, are on track to be one of the most productive Congresses in modern history. 
House Republicans have an aggressive and forwardlooking agenda which will help our economy recover and help create highpaying American jobs. 
provides for separate consideration of each underlying measure under a single rule, helps expedite legislative business. 
the House more time to debate the underlying measures, or to consider additional legislative business. We have a lot to do, and this is an efficient way to get our work done. 
have had over the last hour. And although we may have our differences of opinion, I believe that this rule and the underlying bills are strong measures that are important to the future of our country. 
on the floor: the opportunity to debate and vote on three bills and numerous amendments sponsored by both Democrat and Republican Members of this Chamber. This rule will provide for a smooth and deliberative process for sending these bills to the Senate for their consideration. 
measures that will address several critical issues facing our country. 
Reauthorization Act of 2015, is a pro science bill that will keep America competitive in the 21st century global economy by prioritizing taxpayer investments in basic research without increasing overall Federal spending. 
H.R. 2250, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2016, keeps funding for the legislative branch level with fiscal years 2014 and 2015 and will be used efficiently and effectively for the operations of the legislative branch of the Federal Government. 
H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, will allow transportation spending to continue through July while we in Congress work diligently toward a next step to close the shortfall in the highway trust fund. 
spending authority expires at the end of this month, and officials at the Department of Transportation are concerned that Federal cash infusions to transportation projects in my State and around the country would slow or even halt as the summer construction season begins unless we extend this temporary extension. 
provides for consideration of three important bills, and I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 271 and the underlying bills. 
speak on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Act of 2015, a bill that was originally written to provide much needed support for our nation’s res arch and development activities in science and engineering. 
Act of 2015 as written raises serious concerns among the representatives from the scientific, academic, and business communities. 
American Physical Society, the American Geophysical Union, the American Anthropological Association the Association of American Universities, and the Consortium of Social Science Associations. 
Ranking Member on the House Science Committee, the committee that authored the bill, will be offering a Managers Amendment to this bill. 
will not support the bill in its current form. 
According to the Union of Concerned Scientists, the bill: reduces funding for several scientific disciplines; curtails the ability of federal agencies to pursue climate science; and adds burdensome new requirements to the way the National Science Foundation operates. 
would prevent the federal government from using Department of Energysponsored research to make policy. 
Rule to H.R. 1806 were simple and would have improved the bill by addressing the STEM education and training gap. 
reducing the STEM gap that currently exists between people of different geographic regions and socioeconomic backgrounds. 
jobs could soon be available in the United States, but only 400,000 students will be enrolled in programs at colleges and universities that would prepare them to take these jobs. 
Only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. 
25 states do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
identified that the future of the American economy will 130 in STEM fields, which the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates win create more than 9 million jobs between 2012 and 2022. 
Science Foundation and the U.S. Census Bureau, showed that underrepresented minorities earned 18.6 percent of total undergraduate degrees from 4year colleges, but only 16.4 percent of the degrees in science fields and less than 13 percent of degrees in physical sciences and engineering. 
including low income urban, rural and Native American communities have difficulty accessing STEM education and job training opportunities. 
By including all of the Jackson Lee Amendments in the Rule the committee could have made significant progress in reducing the STEM gap underserved populations with the chance to participate in the economy of the future. 
1806, included: Jackson Lee Amendment #3, which the Rules Committee has included in the Rule for the bill would create state and regional workshops to train K–12 teachers in projectbased science and technology learning, which will allow them to provide instruction in initiating robotics and other STEM competition team development programs. 
This amendment also leverages the collaboration among higher education, businesses, local private and public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas with unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
competitive opportunities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. 
Competitions such as FIRST, a national robotics competition that engages 400,000 students each year and awards millions of dollars in scholarships are paving the way for future STEM success. 
the Rule: Jackson Lee Amendment #17 would have increased awareness among underrepresented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities by providing information on certification, undergraduate and graduate STEM programs. 
by underrepresented populations is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employment opportunities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the nation’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math, 
the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 percent, of the STEM workforce despite representing 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
made sure that the issue of reducing the skills and education gap of underrepresented groups in STEM degree programs is considered as current STEM education federal programs were reviewed. 
of teachers who provide instruction in K–12 STEM courses where 40 percent of the students are on free or reduced lunch programs or in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national average. 
Although most STEM specific education occurs in college and graduate school, interest in STEM fields must be fostered from a young age through successful K–12 programs. 
lack the resources to provide continuity of STEM K–12 education, and as a result, students lose the opportunity to develop the skills that will prepare them for higher STEM education. 
to identify nocost or lowcost summer and after school science and technology education programs and have that information broadly disseminated to the public. 
Throughout primary and secondary education, skills retention is one of the most pressing concerns facing underrepresented students. 
programs, even those students with a passion for STEM risk falling behind their peers. 
available to local education agencies to support training in STEM education methods to teachers to improve their instruction at schools serving neglected, delinquent, and migrant students, English learners, atrisk students, and Native Americans as determined by the director. 
within the Directorate for Education and Human Resources an Office of STEM Education Gap Awareness with the duties of reducing the STEM gap in K–12 and postsecondary education among underrepresented populations. 
to bridge the STEM gap in rural and urban areas where opportunities for training in STEM that can enhance the productivity of businesses large and small are lacking. 
The Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program’s report ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
Half of all STEM jobs are available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
because the skills needed are too difficult to obtain, but because people are not aware of the jobs that are going unfilled today nor do they know what education or training will create job security for the next 2 to 3 decades. 
I am very aware of the importance of STEM 
Houston has the second largest concentrations of engineers (22.4 for every 1,000 workers according to the Greater Houston Partnership). 
economic success, but what we have done with STEM innovation and job creation in the city of Houston is not enough to satisfy the region’s demand for STEM trained workers. 
the gap in the number of people with STEM skills and training will not keep up with the number of positions requiring those skills. 
is true for every region of the nation—whether you live in a rural community or urban center. 
710,000 Computing workers; 160,000 Engineers; 70,000 Physical Scientists; 40,000 Life Science workers; 20,000 Mathematics workers. 
STEM Computing Jobs are critical to America’s future: Software engineers; Computer networking workers; Systems analysis; Computer researcher or support workers. 
Engineers; Mechanical Engineers; Software Engineers; Electrical Engineers; Automotive Engineers; Aeronautical Engineers; Naval Engineers; Architects. 
Types of STEM Physical Sciences Jobs: Biologists; Zoologists; Agricultural; Food Scientists; Conservation Scientists; Medical Scientists; Climatologists. 
Types of STEM Life Scientists [PhDs]: Political Science; Economists; Anthropologists; Archaeology; Cultural Researchers; Language Experts (Linguistic and Language Skills). 
In order to ensure that underserved populations reach the level of STEM education and opportunity they choose to pursue, I believe it is integral to create an office that will focus on closing the STEM education gap. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 178. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 179, not voting 11, as follows: 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
LARSON of Connecticut, and HONDA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 3, not voting 9, as follows: 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) 
Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 2353 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2353. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 271, I call up the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 271, the bill is considered read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015, a 
inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, a sum equal to 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended— 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’; 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
243⁄365for that period’’ and inserting ‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
striking ‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, that is equal to 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses under the heading ‘Federal Highway Administration’ in appropriations Acts that apply to that period.’’. Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $26,652,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $665,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
$3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
$16,643,836 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $20,821,918 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
$5,722,150,685 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $7,158,575,342 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’; 
$85,749,041 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $107,274,521 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$6,657,534 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $8,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$2,968,361,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$171,964,110 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $215,132,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $13,315,068 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $16,657,534 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$1,997,260 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$2,563,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,206,575 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$1,441,955,342 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
$284,809,315 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $356,304,658 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on 
$350,119,726 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $438,009,863 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,660,274 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,660,274 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
$69,238,356 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $86,619,178 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’; 
less than $3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
less than $665,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,663,014 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon 
of H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015. This bill will extend the Federal surface transportation programs for 2 months, through July of 2015. 
surface transportation programs, funded at the authorized amounts for fiscal year 2014. No transfer of funding to the highway trust fund is necessary because the trust fund will remain solvent during the period. However, we will more than likely have to pass another shortterm patch before the August recess and take steps to ensure the trust fund remains solvent. I hope all of you will support H.R. 2353. 
to extend the surface programs through the end of the calendar year. That would have ensured reliable funding for the States through the construction season. A longer extension would also have allowed us to focus on finding a longterm funding solution within the context of tax reform without the distraction of needing to address a shortfall in the highway trust fund later this summer. Unfortunately, we were unable to reach an agreement on a 7month extension, and so we are left with a 2month patch. 
critical need to extend the current surface transportation law. If Congress fails to act, over 4,000 Department of Transportation personnel will be furloughed and the States will not be able to be reimbursed. Transportation projects and jobs across the country will be at risk. 
I appreciate Chairman RYAN’s attention to this pressing issue, as well as his commitment to addressing the longterm solvency of the highway trust fund. A longterm reauthorization bill will continue to be a top priority for this committee. I look forward to working with Chairman RYAN, 
shortterm pass. It is a heck of a way to run a great nation. Our system is falling apart: 140,000 bridges on the National Highway System need repair or replacement; 40 percent of the surface National Highway System is in such bad shape we have to dig up the roadbed and resurface; and we have an $86 billion backlog in transit just to bring the existing transit up to a state of good repair. It is so bad that we are killing people in the Nation’s Capital unnecessarily because of the state of disrepair of the Metro system. 
of America has gone from number one in the world, unparalleled in terms of its infrastructure in the Eisenhower era and through a good deal of the latter part of the last century, to 26th and falling fast. We are investing less of a percentage of our GDP in infrastructure repairs and maintenance—let alone, building out a new system—than virtually every nation in the world. 
There are many developing nations who are investing much, much more because they know they have to move their people and their goods more efficiently in a world economy. 
down the road. The road is at a dead end. Today, we will reluctantly go along with a 2month patch because, if we do not act today, at the end of this month, June 1, 4,000 people will be laid off at DOT and all Federal funding for 
surface transportation and transit would stop. That would be the end of it. It wouldn’t be authorized. 
couldn’t be paid, and States that want to get new commitments for new projects wouldn’t be able to do it, a tragedy at the height of the construction season. Sixty days should be enough time to negotiate a longterm bill. 
AMERICA Act written by the administration. It has many, many good points to it, especially the spending levels. We need to enhance spending. We can’t pretend, Oh, we are going to do more with less. We are past that point. 
purchasing power of the gas tax, which hasn’t been changed since 1993, two and a half times faster road traffic volume is going up than we are dealing with the funding issues. We are in a huge deficit situation, and there are many, many ways—many of them proposed on a bipartisan basis—to deal with this. We should be able to work that out. 
writes the policy. We introduced a bill today that sets the levels for $87 billion. It is an increase in transit to deal with the backlog, an increase in highways to deal with the insufficiencies there, a new dedicated program for freight; and it puts some more money into rail—commuter rail, in particular—to deal with positive train control and other issues. 
up call to give Congress time. Sixty days is more than enough time to write a longterm authorization and for the Ways and Means Committee to figure out a way to fund it. 
minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank, in addition to this patch, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman R YANfor their 
very hard work towards a longterm reauthorization of the Federal highway bill. 
Mr. Speaker, my home State of Missouri has nearly 35,000 highway miles and over 10,000 bridges that are practically begging for our attention. As chairman of the House Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, every single day I hear about the need to improve and repair our roadways in this country. 
As you can imagine, this isn’t a simple task. This is a job that is going to take years to complete. It requires the hard work and cooperation of thousands of men and women and relies on partnerships between the stakeholders, local governments, and Washington. 
this magnitude requires that those responsible for planning each project, the 
State and local governments, are able to do so with confidence. They need certainty not only in this year’s budget, but also the budgets for the next 5 or 6 years. 
come under ideal circumstances, but it is going to ensure that States are reimbursed for their expenses on Federal projects, and it is going to give us the time to craft a bipartisan longterm reauthorization that we so desperately need. 
for everyone who plays a role in improving our Nation’s highways and bridges. For too long, they have been forced to operate off of shortterm extension after shortterm extension, and this makes the already difficult job of maintaining our roadways nearly impossible. 
This Congress, we have a huge opportunity to secure a longterm highway bill that is going to improve, rebuild, and modernize America’s highway system. It is time that we come together to do just that, and I hope this extension gives us the time to come up with that agreement that we need. 
Again, I want to thank both chairmen for their hard work, and I look forward to finalizing a muchneeded longterm reauthorization. 
the ranking member of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee. 
By July, when this new patch expires, Mr. Speaker, we shall have spent a full year since the last patch, not even trying to make progress toward a longterm authorization bill. 
33 since the last longterm bill—of patches that create no urgency to get a longterm bill done. The Ways and Means Committee, the funding committee for this bill, is holding its first hearing next month. The frustration in the States has accumulated as fast as the untenable backlog of projects. Another construction season has already been sacrificed. 
comment on congressional neglect of the Nation’s infrastructure. States have slowed down their request for reimbursements from the trust fund because the unreplenished fund, together with the shortterm patches, make it impossible for States, themselves, to even begin projects of any size. 
scaled back their plans for 2015 that would have created jobs. This selfinflicted crisis is threatening other jobs, too—many Federal employees in my district and thousands of others throughout the country. If Congress fails to take action by May 31, many Federal employees will be furloughed; Federal reimbursements will stop, and the highway and transit programs will 
worse, the many economic development projects in the country that can’t be started until roads, bridges, and transit to accommodate them are done. 
Today, the Democrats on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee have introduced the President’s GROW AMERICA Act. We are putting a good bill on the table. Change it or do your own substitute, but do not leave the Nation’s infrastructure twisting in the dust of another delay. 
minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). 
hard work and to the rest of the committee for the hours of work already done on a longterm transportation bill. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2353 to 
prevent the shutdown of funding for infrastructure improvement. I believe there is shared commitment between the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and most of the Members of the House to pass a fully funded, multiyear highway bill. 
battle, it is becoming more and more difficult to find the muchneeded resources for our most critical needs. That leaves few options at our immediate disposal, most of which are not palatable in this economic environment. 
Committee and the Ways and Means Committee will have to take a closer look at potential funding alternatives and be creative in how to finance a reliable and modern infrastructure system, and at the same time, we need to work towards getting our country back on a path of fiscal solvency. 
we should examine how to reform the highway trust fund to prevent finding ourselves in this same position over and over. A consistent funding mechanism, paired with a more transparent system that demonstrates effective use of taxpayer dollars, will put us in a better position to fund critical infrastructure projects and instill more confidence on the part of our constituents. 
supporting H.R. 2353 so we can continue work on a multiyear transportation bill to ensure our Nation’s growth. Failure to act threatens our general contractors and their employees, suppliers, and puts at risk the jobs that are both directly and indirectly supported by these projects. 
folks in business and continue any meaningful growth in our economy, then we must find a reliable, longterm solution. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill to extend highway and transit programs for 2 months, but with reservations. 
MAP–21, expired last fall. At that time, we passed an extension to the end of this month to give us time to work on a longterm bill. We have known for months that this day was coming; yet we have made no progress finding a solution to funding highways, transit, and other important surface transportation programs. 
breaking the tradition of Congress passing 5 or 6year bills to provide the reliable funding necessary to promote longterm capital plans and projects that require a commitment beyond 1 fiscal year. The last longterm bill we passed was SAFETEALU in 2005. That was 10 years ago, and that bill was underfunded because of a resistance to raising the gasoline tax or to identifying new revenue sources. 
address the funding challenges necessary to break the cycle of underinvestment and put this country back on a competitive path with the rest of the work. 
GDP on infrastructure, while China spends 9 percent and Europe spends 4
to 5 percent. We used to spend 41⁄2to 5 
billion backlog of investment needs on highways and bridges, including $479 billion in critical repair work. Public transit has an $86 billion backlog of critical maintenance and repair needs, which increases by $2.5 billion each year as bus and rail infrastructure ages. 
around us, House and Senate leadership refuse to come up with the additional 
$60 billion needed to fill the gap in the highway trust fund just to do a long term bill at current levels; but this week, they will put on the floor a tax extender that will cost $182 billion over 10 years, completely unpaid for. The priorities of this Congress are completely out of whack. 
2month extension and be right back here in July having this same conversation. I will support this extension, but only with the understanding that we must spend the next 2 months, once and for all, making transportation funding a priority so that our citizens don’t have to risk unsafe transportation so that we can invest in our infrastructure and we can be competitive in our economy going forward. 
term highway bill, this legislation is a compromise that will provide States 
By extending the expenditure authority of the highway trust fund through the end of July, States will not have to worry about reimbursements from the Federal Government while they are in the middle of the busiest construction season of the year. 
Following the passage of this extension, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to construct a longterm highway bill with a sustainable funding mechanism. 
made important reforms by consolidating Federal highway programs and streamlining the project approval process. The next highway bill should build on MAP–21’s successes to cut red tape and ensure highway trust fund dollars are spent responsibly. 
taxpayer dollars by keeping our promise to the American people that the next surface transportation bill will provide adequate funding for highway and freight infrastructure to create jobs and keep our Nation competitive. 
My constituents and the hardworking people all over this country need reliable roads and bridges to commute to work, take their children to school, and get home safely at night. 
Unfortunately, the President’s funding proposal is not viable and, I believe, will encourage more inversions or takeovers of American companies. 
2353 and encourage them to commit to crafting a longterm fiscally responsible highway bill that will provide the muchneeded certainty to States, industry, and the American people. 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy, and I appreciate his leadership on this matter. He hit it right on the nail. 
We are in a situation, I am sad to 
say, having listened to my colleague a moment ago; the States will still have to worry. Two months doesn’t give them a straight shot at a construction season, and there is still uncertainty. 
would be right back here in the same spot, with uncertainty around the country; and the local governments, the State governments, the contractors don’t deserve that. 
But it is not the problem of the T and 
I Committee, as much as Ways and Means. You can’t craft a bill unless you know how much money you have got to spend. I am embarrassed as a member of that committee that, in the 55 months my Republican colleagues have been in charge, we have not had a single hearing on transportation finance. 
table or not acceptable. It is interesting, we haven’t raised the gas tax in 
States—have raised the gas tax already this year. Utah, Idaho, Georgia, South Dakota—these are not flaming bastions of liberalism. These are people who looked at the problem and decided they needed to step up, and they stepped up not to take the place of the Federal responsibility, but in anticipation that at some point, the Federal Government would meet its obligation for almost half of the major construction projects. 
dive in and see what we can do over the course of the next couple of months, but that the Ways and Means Committee spend one week listening to the men and women who build, operate, 
and use our Nation’s infrastructure, spend a week, look at the items, consider maybe what Ronald Reagan thought was a good idea in 1982: raise the gas tax. 
We can pass that bill out of committee in 1 week, and you can have the next couple of months to give America the bill it needs to rebuild and renew this great country. 
yield 2 minutes from the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ). 
today in support of longterm highway funding. I will support the bill on the floor today, but let’s be clear. This is a longterm problem that needs to have a longterm solution. 
in meetings to discuss the various options we have for revenue. We now have to gather to make a decision, the long term decision. 
We were elected to Congress to represent our constituents and to make difficult decisions that will help us guide our Nation forward. It is time for us to accelerate and produce a solution to our highway funding problems. Our highways and our bridges are falling into disrepair. 
service, I was a contractor in Nevada where I worked on roads, bridges, and dams. I know the wear and tear that our infrastructure is experiencing. I know the uncertainty that States are facing when it comes to highway projects. 
environment for the States to make decisions. So I stand here today to support longterm funding. It is a long term problem that requires a longterm solution. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JOHNSON ). 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the leadership of this committee for getting to this point. I am very, very sorry that this is another kicking the can down the road, but we don’t have much choice but to support the bill before us today. 
season already. Bridges are falling; accidents are happening; traffic jams increase because of the crumbling infrastructure. This is all very costly, and it is more costly when we have a winter like we just had that hits already crumbling infrastructure. 
of our infrastructure around the country. It is not partisan. There are no Democrat and Republican bridges or streets. We must address our responsibility to this Nation. 
time to plan for those longterm projects. They cannot do that. No city or State can do that kind of planning without knowing whether we have a longterm source of funding that will keep it going. 
It is unwise for us to continue just to 
put this off. We have got to pay for it no matter when we do it. The time is now. We have extended this time too long. The Nation has suffered too long. Traffic is jamming; accidents are happening; and it will not get better until we take on our responsibility. 
I would urge all of us today to support this shortterm bill for the last time. It is time for us to have a long term infrastructure bill for this Nation. 
like to inquire of the Chair the balance of time remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 19 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 22 minutes remaining. 
to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
and authorization for our Federal highway program expires in just 12 days. This is a deadline that Congress, the Department of Transportation, and the American people have known about for almost a year now. And the bill before us today is not the longterm solution that we were hoping for, but it is the necessary step forward at this time while we continue to work on a longer term solution for our highway funding. 
this important issue. He has taken a very keen interest in what we need on a national level, and many of us from the Houston area appreciate his coming to our part of America to learn and see what our needs are in the State of Texas. I am confident that the chairman and those of us on the relevant committees in the House and the Senate will come together and deliver a longterm solution for our highway programs and will strengthen them for every Texan and every American. 
the choice is very simple. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill to keep our State Department of Transportation on the job through the summer building months 
and to keep Congress working on a longterm solution. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
here we go again, passing another extension and failing in our duty to provide a worldclass transportation system. 
too critical to our economy to be delayed any longer. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in Washington continues its longrunning failure to fund surface transportation infrastructure programs. Just last week, House Republicans passed a bill, with no offsets, that cut taxes by $269 billion for the richest 1 percent of Americans, but they failed to pass a real transportation authorization bill that would put Americans to work. We know, for every billion dollars we invest in transportation, it generates 44,000 permanent jobs. 
said that all of us have roles to play in shaping our Nation’s infrastructure. As we saw last week during the tragic train derailment in Philadelphia, Congress urgently needs to increase funding for our Nation’s passenger rail system in order to make it safer for all of the traveling public and to prevent future tragedies on our Nation’s rails. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased I am with the kind of work that he does on the committee. Very frankly, Mr. SHUSTER is committed to 
getting things done and to working in a bipartisan fashion. That is good for this House, and it is good for his State, and it is good for the country. I thank him for his leadership. 
60day extension because it is essential that we do this. The consequences of not doing it would be very, very negative. I rise to lament the fact that we have gone 10 months in our having known full well that this date was upon us and that theoretically, we thought, that funding as well as authorization would end on the 31st of this month. We have now found that funding will not end. This bill is necessary to authorize, not to fund, because funding is available for the next 60 days from the 31st. 
Mr. SHUSTER ’s and Mr. D EFAZIO’s leadership, to do the work we were sent here to do—to invest in America, to invest in the growth of our economy, to invest in the creation of jobs—in fact, what the board of directors of the greatest country on the face of the Earth ought to have done many years and, certainly, months ago. 
House has the capacity, the intellect, and the ability within 60 days to come 
to this floor with a bill that will invest 
in our infrastructure and provide sufficient funds to make America competitive and to pay for it, not to pass the expense along to future generations— my children, my grandchildren, my great grandchildren. They are going to have to buy for themselves the infrastructure of their generations, and they ought not to have to pay the bills of our generation. 
Mr. HOYER. It is a moral responsibility that this generation pays for the investments that it needs to make in the infrastructure that will be used today and tomorrow. 
have the courage to do that. The issue is going to be whether this body, on both sides of the aisle, comes forward with a responsible, paidfor infrastructure bill, particularly for highways and roads and bridges, but for other investments as well. 
them and that I will urge the Members on my side of the aisle to work closely with the Members on Mr. SHUSTER ’s 
side of the aisle to effect this end. But let us not pretend on July 30 that we can extend until December 31 or until a year from then. Today, let us commit ourselves to using the next 70 days, approximately, to come up with a paid for, 6year reauthorization that will make America stronger, grow our economy, and be a pride of the American people, whom we serve. 
the distinguished whip for his kind words, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
may I inquire as to the amount of time 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 14 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), a member of the 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker and Members of the House, this failure to write a longterm, paidfor surface transportation bill for this country has become a national embarrassment. Quite frankly, it is an international embarrassment. Passenger trains and oil trains are coming off the tracks, are taking lives, are causing untold amounts of damage. The simple truth is that we can’t fix those lives who were lost, but we can fix our transportation system. Isn’t it about time that we do that? It is not only a national embarrassment, our failure here, but it is a failure of the Congress. It is a failure of the legislative process. It is a failure of the committee process. That is what is happening here. 
We heard from the Chamber of Commerce; we heard from the unions; we 
heard from the retailers; we heard from the truckers. Everybody said three things: one, our transportation system is falling apart. They had that right. Two, it is hurting our ability to grow our economy and to create jobs. They had that right. Three, they said we need to find some new revenue. None of it could be more obvious. Yet the Transportation Committee held hearings from all of those people in the last session, and we held hearings again in this session, but we never took up the markup and the writing of a transportation bill. 
That is the simple truth, Mr. Speaker, and I am calling on the leadership here to either instruct the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or allow the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to write a transportation bill. I have absolute confidence that we can come together if we do. 
where we reach our bipartisanship. That is how we fix things here in the Congress. That is how we get things done. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Speaker, allow or instruct the committee to do its job, to do its business, and we will write a transportation plan for this country that gets this country moving again, saves lives, and builds an economy. 
the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), a member of the committee. 
debating an extension of the surface transportation authorization instead of doing the right thing and passing a bill that invests in our future? We should be playing the long game, not betting on the come, as they say in Nevada. 
in the Las Vegas valley and the more than 42 million visitors who come to our city from around the world, we must commit to the passage of a long term surface transportation bill this summer. We can’t do yet another extension that creates uncertainty, stifles development, and puts us further behind. 
We must pass a bill that includes investment that is real, sustainable, and goes beyond just maintaining our current infrastructure but instead sets our Nation on a road that is built to last. 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), a member of the committee. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I just want to start by thanking Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for their bipartisan leadership. I am going to vote for this 2month extension for the highway trust fund in order to avoid a shutdown of America’s transit building and repair. But with that said, Mr. Speaker, this 
legislation is like fixing our roads and bridges with Silly Putty. It is just not strong enough to hold our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. So I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to say it is time to make those longterm investments necessary for people and goods to get to their destination safely and timely. 
our economy. It is time for Congress to get going. 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a strong advocate for all 
things transportation, a member of the powerful Committee on Ways and Means. 
thank the ranking member and the chairman. I am not going to vote for this piece of legislation—not even close. 
maintain the roads. If you listened over the last 45 minutes, all of these infrastructure issues are in bad shape, terrible shape. We know the problem. So long speeches about this and the problem don’t make much sense. 
of this body: What are you prepared to do? Make believe you are doing something? Hide under the desk in your office? 
Speaker, from the general fund to bail out transportation? The percentage of general funds increases each budget that we are using. So without a clear source of longterm funding, our States cannot plan for the future. In fact, many States are not putting money into their trust fund. My own State, the State of New Jersey, I guess the money is going to fall out of the sky. So 2 months, 4 months, 7 months, it is all a joke. 
fund is not only a key component of meeting our transportation challenges, it is our job. The Committee on Ways and Means has not even had one hearing, Mr. Ranking Member, Mr. Chairman. How many States have put themselves in the same position as the Federal Government? 
already planning another shortterm extension in July because you say now we are ready to have a longterm solution, but you are already planning for another shortterm in July. In fact, we are moving towards the omnibus bill, where we will put everything together. It will be like a stew: trade, transportation, lollipops, put them all in there. Put it all in there, and then we will vote on it and have some of our Members vote against motherhood so that they will be on the block a year from this November. 
novel for this group. Let’s spend the next 8 weeks resuscitating a system 
where users of the system pay to maintain and grow the system. International tax can be a part of the solution. I say to the President and the Congress, it is not nearly enough money. 
plan—Republicans and Democrats—to fund the Federal highway trust fund. Through Democratic Presidents, Republican Presidents, through Democratic Houses and Republican Houses, we have always been able to come to a resolution on this until the last 3 or 4 years. Why? Why is this? 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, neither party has the wherewithal to deal with the problem. I believe our model must receive serious consideration as the clock counts down on the trust fund’s expiration. Our legislation has the support of both business and labor. 
to vote ‘‘no’’ today. I ask my colleagues to show support for a long term bill and cosponsor the Renacci Pascrell plan, because if we don’t change something, we will be right back here in July talking to each other. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 61⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 20
First off, I want to join in what many 
others have said: transportation infrastructure has not been historically nor should it become a partisan issue. I appreciate the chairman’s willingness to work together on many aspects. We will at times disagree over elements of bills, but in general we agree that what makes this country great, what makes us competitive in the world is a world class system of transportation infrastructure and other critical infrastructure, and today we are deficient. I talked during my introductory remarks about some of the needs. Let me just talk about the revenues. 
raised by a bipartisan coalition in the House—actually, on the Republican side, led by the chairman’s father, Bud Shuster—we paid about 14 percent. Every time you went to the pump, with the increase in the gas tax in 1993, 14 percent of your bill went to invest in the Nation’s infrastructure. Yet today, some 22 years later, 7 percent goes to the infrastructure. Population has grown, road miles have increased, and the Eisenhower infrastructure has aged. 
Infrastructure doesn’t just age a little bit each year. It reaches a point where it accelerates dramatically, so a bridge that you could fix for $15 million 
or $20 million today, 2 years from now you might have to totally replace for $100 million. So not delaying these needed investments, unless we want to see people detouring around all the rivers in America because of bridge outages, is really, really critical for a just intime economy, for our world competitiveness, to save on fuel efficiency. 
stepped in to fill the void; 14 States have voted to raise their own gas taxes since 2013. As the gentleman from Oregon pointed out, six deep red Republican States have voted to raise their gas tax this year. 
those who raised it before the last election, nobody lost their election because they raised the gas tax in those States. People recognize it as a user fee. They are tired of blowing out tires and car repairs because of potholes. They are tired of detours. The trucking industry is tired of detours, and they don’t want a proliferation of tolls across America. The solution is a Federal partnership. 
where we had the Department of Transportation director from Wyoming, a deep red State, talking about the fact that they had increased their gas tax, but they still need the Federal partnership; it is critical. We had the Governor of North Carolina—has one of the highest gas taxes in the country, deep red State these days—saying the Federal partnership was more critical than ever. The same with the mayor of Salt Lake City, the Federal partnership is critical. No State can do it on its own. 
I propose that we index the gas tax to 
construction costs, inflation, fleet fuel economy. That would mean next year the gas tax would go up by 1.7 cents. I would like to see the Member of Congress who thinks they are going to lose their election over a 1.7 cent investment in America’s infrastructure to avoid those potholes, the congestion, the detours, the delays, or the additional tolling to maintain what we have. It won’t happen. It hasn’t happened recently in red States that have raised it much more than 1.7 cents. 
economy, and construction costs inflation, we could borrow upfront for the trust fund, let’s say, $150 billion, a nice increase over the current levels of spending, and we could pay it back in about 15 years with that increment, just the indexed increment that would grow a tiny bit each year. 
And again, you drive by the gas station on your way to work, and when you drive home at night, ExxonMobil has raised it a nickel because there were rumors of war in the Middle East or a refinery had an outage or something or this. Where did that nickel go? It went into the pockets of ExxonMobil or speculators on Wall Street. It didn’t go into our Nation’s infrastructure. 
heck rather pay 1.7 cents to rebuild our system and make America more competitive and put hundreds of thousands 
of people to work than another nickel in the coffers of OPEC or ExxonMobil or Wall Street speculators. 
It is time to suck it up around here, 
act like men and women who were sent here to make tough decisions, to regain our legacy, to begin to bring America back toward a worldclass infrastructure. It would take many years and many tens or hundreds of billions of dollars to reclaim the legacy of the Eisenhower era, but it is only a lack of will—will—that prevents us from doing that. There is no major impediment. Nobody is going to lose their election over 1.7 cents a gallon. In fact, people will thank you at home. 
begging—for an increase in the diesel tax. The United States Chamber of Commerce, when is the last time they asked for an increase in a tax? Look, all across the spectrum, the retailers, the business community, all across this country people are saying: Help us; get us out of congestion; fix the system; 
bring it up to a state of good repair. There is another whole contingent of American people who are saying: We need jobs. 
There is no more certain way to create jobs in this country than investing in America’s infrastructure. And they are not just construction jobs. They are engineering jobs. They are manufacturing jobs. In the case of mass transit, they are hightech jobs. They are small business jobs. They are disadvantaged business enterprise jobs. It goes through the entire economy. No American will be left behind. 
We could create hundreds of thousands of jobs and make America number one again. All we lack is the will here in this House. Let’s say this is the last 60day delay. Let’s work together, and let’s get a real 6year bill by the end of July. 
we introduced the GROW AMERICA Act comprehensive bill with which we could begin policy discussions, H.R. 2410, today, with 19 cosponsors. 
passion of the ranking member, my friend, Mr. DEFAZIO, on these issues. I 
have to say that much of what has been said on this floor by both sides, I agree with. The need to invest in our infrastructure is real. It is critical. Our infrastructure is crumbling all around us. 
I also agree that we need to find a 
longterm solution to the trust fund to make sure it is fiscally responsible, and most importantly, I agree that we need to act. This 2month extension was not my preference. What my preference is, is to buckle down, work hard, find the dollars, and have a longterm surface transportation bill that is sustainable. 
July. I am committed to continue to work to find the solution so we can have a longterm bill, but a vote against this bill is a vote in favor of shutting down these vital programs, stopping the work of thousands of highway projects around the country and laying off thousands of construction workers and Federal employees. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and 
highway trust fund has enough money to pay for projects through the end of July, but its legal authority to spend that money expires at the end of this month. I would have preferred to pass an extension that lasted through the end of the year, but we just couldn’t come to a bipartisan agreement on how to pay for it. That’s unfortunate because the more time we spend on these shortterm patches, the less time we’ll have to find a longterm solution. 
longterm solution. At the very least, this legislation will allow the trust find to continue to fund projects through July, while we continue to work on an extension for the rest of the year. But if we really want to solve this problem, both parties need to confront the serious challenges facing the trust fund. That’s the only way we’ll come up with a plan to give states the certainty they need to build the roads and bridges our families need to thrive. 
I rise today in support of the bill, H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 but with reservations. 
I support Chairman SHUSTER ’s efforts to ensure the Highway Bill does not expire and cost the economy jobs and cause important projects to stop progress. 
so that our communities and businesses have the certainty they need to invest in our future. 
but I believe that we must do more to improve our nation’s transportation system. 
Transportation funding, particularly for highways and transit, is particularly important for my constituents and the entirety of the Greater Houston area. 
We have a congestion problem in Houston. We have done a lot to reduce this congestion, but more must be done. 
tonnage and largest petrochemical complex in our country along the banks of the Port of Houston. 
In the years ahead, we will face a much 
higher traffic volume due to population growth and the expansion of the Panama Canal, which will bring more truck traffic and economic development to the area. 
In order for Houston and our Port to continue to be a hub for commerce, we must strengthen our rail and road infrastructure. 
Communities around our country must improve its transportation infrastructure in order to encourage businesses and economic development. 
Trust Fund is experiencing, it is important that we fund important highway projects throughout 
We are at a critical time for our nation in 
to our constituents, so they can get to work and school and they are important to our businesses so they can move commerce. 
Everyone wins when we increase our investments in our transportation infrastructure. 
but I also urge my colleagues to fix the problem and craft a longterm highway bill for the benefit of all our citizens. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2353. This bill will mark the thirtythird time we’ve passed a shortterm extension to the Highway bill in eight years. Enough is enough. Our roads and bridges are crumbling. We owe it to the American people to pass a robust longterm surface transportation bill and make real investments in our transportation infrastructure. These shorttern extensions not only diminish our economic competitiveness as a nation but they erode the safety of all of the folks we were sent here to represent. I will not support any more shortterm gimmicks and implore my colleagues to join me in rejecting this proposal and instead pass a longterm bill and once again invest in our national infrastructure. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Ms. ESTY. I am, in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
2353 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
Code is amended by inserting ‘‘, and $750,000,000 for the period beginning October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ after ‘‘2013’’. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
to passenger railroads to help them implement positive train control. Tragically, last week, Amtrak 188 derailed, killing 8 people and injuring more than 200. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their loved ones. 
Unfortunately, last week’s tragic accident is just the latest in a series of incidents that are unacceptable and largely preventable. 
According to National Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt, the lead investigator of last week’s Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia: ‘‘Had PTC’’—positive train control—‘‘been installed on the section of track, this accident would not have occurred.’’ 
Positive train control, commonly referred to as PTC, is a communications and signaling system that uses GPS technology and sensors to communicate train location, speed, restrictions, and moving authority. 
lives. For instance, positive train control technology can detect if a train is going too fast for an area and use onboard equipment to automatically slow or stop the train. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, last week’s derailment is not the first time NTSB has recommended implementing positive train control. This recommendation has been made since 1969, following an investigation of a headon collision of two Penn Central commuter trains near Darien, Connecticut, in my home State. That collision killed 4 people and left 43 injured. 
Fortysix years after that deadly collision in Connecticut, the NTSB is still demanding and waiting for action. During this time, the NTSB has investigated 144 accidents that would have been preventable if railroads had installed PTC. Not surprisingly, positive train control has been on the NTSB’s most wanted list of safety improvements since 1990. 
think about that, and try to comprehend 6,532 preventable injuries and 288 preventable deaths. 
Northeast corridor. In 2008, a tragic accident in California killed 25 people and injured 102. After that accident, this House enacted legislation requiring PTC on commuter and intercity passenger rails by December 31 of this year; but protecting lives requires leadership from this Congress. 
Association asked Congress to provide Federal funding for 80 percent of the installation costs on passenger rails. We in Congress can help. We can and must make this investment before another terrible accident, before another life is tragically and needlessly lost. We can’t afford to wait. 
Railroad engineer fell asleep as the train he was operating sped up to 82 miles an hour through a tight curve. The restriction for that section was only 30 miles an hour. As a result of the derailment, 4 people died, and 61 were injured. With tragic predictability, the NTSB investigation determined that positive train control could have prevented that tragedy as well. 
NTSB need to repeat its recommendation before PTC is implemented? 
should continue to ignore its responsibility to help passenger railroads implement the lifesaving technology as soon as possible. 
supporting this amendment to provide the necessary funding to help passenger railroads implement PTC across the United States. 
prevent every single accident. The fact that PTC will not prevent every accident should not—cannot—be an excuse for this Congress’ failure to act. 
Failure to act today on implementing positive train control is wrong. It is unworthy of a great country. A great country does not respond to crises with duct tape; a great country leads with action. 
to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
to withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this motion. We certainly know of the tragedy that happened in Philadelphia, in my home State, but this really is not the place to address this. 
We have got to pass it and get it to the Senate, so we make sure that these vital programs keep people working, we keep projects moving forward, and that they don’t shut down. 
want it to be a clean extension because we know that time is of the essence to get this over to the Senate, as I said, and pass it. You are talking about 4,000 people in the government that will be furloughed and thousands of workers across America. Projects will stop, and they won’t be working. 
extend the highway transit and safety programs. I am confident and remain committed to working with Chairman RYAN; but this is not the time to slow 
this down. This the time to get it done so that we can get it to the Senate as quickly as possible. 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion and continue to ask my colleagues to support the underlying bill that gets the job done and gets us past this critical time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the 
order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–40) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2015. 
Obstacles to the orderly reconstruction of Iraq, the restoration and maintenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of political, administrative, and economic institutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on consideration of H.R. 2250, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 271 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2250. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) 
making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. CARTER of Georgia in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Committee a little over 4 years ago, I said that I wanted this committee to be known as a place where taxpayer money was saved and not spent. In recent years, there has been a major change in the perception of this committee. 
Thanks in large part to the leadership of Chairman ROGERS and the members of the committee, the process is open, and it is transparent, and this committee has made a priority of ensuring every taxpayer dollar is spent wisely. 
that we are here to debate today holds the line on spending. It is a bill that honors and respects the taxpayer while preserving the beauty of the Capitol campus, providing essential security for visitors and staff, and ensuring that we are able to provide the services that our constituents expect and deserve. 
This bill is a total of $3.3 billion for 
the legislative branch, excluding all Senate items. The bill continues the freeze on funding for the House of Representatives, including leadership, committees, and Member office budgets. It also continues the Member pay freeze that was put in place in 2010. 
In all, this represents a 14 percent reduction in funding for the House of Representatives since Republicans have gained control of Congress in January of 2011. 
Now, more specifically, this bill increases funding for the Capitol Police and allows small increases for several other agencies while trimming budgets in less critical areas. 
challenges faced by our Architect of the Capitol. There is a balance that must be struck between preserving 
these historic buildings and funding other critical projects, including life safety projects. 
that was trimmed. This bill puts a new emphasis on transparency and accountability in major construction projects under the Architect. That is why this bill transitions to direct appropriations for the Cannon restoration project, 
rather than continuing to use the House historic building revitalization fund. This change will significantly improve the committee’s ability to provide oversight for this major project. 
Additionally, this bill includes language that places a 25 percent cap on the amount available for larger projects within the legislative branch. In order to receive the remaining 75 percent of their appropriations, this new oversight feature requires a plan for any project over $5 million to be submitted to the GAO and our committee for approval. 
changes to the project’s schedule and cost, and it must include a description of the safeguards taken to ensure that the project remains on time and on budget. Now, regarding the Library of Congress, this bill includes funding to meet the Library’s current needs, including an increase for the U.S. Copyright Office to reduce claims processing and analyze possible process improvements. 
working with the Library in the upcoming months to track its progress in addressing its critical IT infrastructure problems which have been identified in a recent GAO report. 
Chairman R OGERS , Mrs. L OWEY , and the 
members of our subcommittee and full committee and staff for their hard work throughout this entire process. This is a product that we can be proud of. 
Insert offset folio 605/1 here EH19MY15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
Office of the Majority Whip .. . . '' '.'' ,, . 
Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House. 
Insert offset folio 605/2 here EH19MY15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
Insert offset folio 605/3 here EH19MY15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
Insert offset folio 605/4 here EH19MY15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
Capitol Police. . ' ' . . . . . ' ' ' 
Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
his maiden voyage as a chair of an appropriations subcommittee. I know that he was diligent and focused, and we found agreement where we could, and where we could not agree, I appreciate his willingness to discuss it in a congenial and thoughtful manner. 
the appropriations bills; and, while that is the case, it is one that does fund an entire branch of our government. The bill provides, as the chairman mentioned, $3.3 billion to the legislative branch, without Senate items, and is equal to the amount provided in fiscal year 2015. 
third year in a row of flat funding for the overall legislative branch. Certain agencies—the Architect of the Capitol and the Government Publishing Office—are cut below fiscal year 2015 to support increases in other agencies. 
the budget allocation, we would see more investment in the staff and facilities in the legislative branch, but we are starting to cut into bone in some places, and it is truly unwise. 
are all of the other appropriations bills, bound by spending limits set by the Republican budget resolution that continues sequestration. 
that will avoid sequestration’s harmful budget cuts and reduce the deficit in a balanced way. Unfortunately, the Republican budget does not at least meet the President’s plan halfway. 
Senate later in the year on appropriations bills, I am hopeful that both parties and the President can come together for another reasonable bargain that gives us more room for discretionary programs. 
structured rule, as is tradition. Twenty amendments were filed, seven of which were filed by Democratic Members. Regrettably, the Rules Committee only made three Republican amendments in order, all of which would further erode the Legislative Branch bill’s funding. 
made in order, even though several were aimed at improving the lives of our restaurant workers whose plight was played out in very public display in the last several weeks. 
I asked the committee to attempt to find some parity, Mr. Chairman, between the majority and minority with regard to amendments made in order; instead of parity, the minority was completely shut out of the process. 
infrastructure projects with life and safety elements are not funded in this bill, even though we have been committed to funding those in past years. Cutting necessary upgrades to our 
elevators will not get us out of debt; what it will do is get people stuck in our elevators. We should not be surprised if an accident happens because we didn’t address important lifesafety projects. 
before, is not the sexiest of the 13 appropriations bills, but it is one that is incredibly important, and it is important that we keep the people who visit the Capitol and work in the Capitol safe, and this bill makes it less likely that we will be able to do that. 
in the bill, given the allocation, but I am pleased that the bill recognized the importance of the Nation’s copyright laws by providing some of the requested increase. 
the backlog of registrations, as well as their business processes. Currently, customers can only submit documents on paper, which the Copyright Office turns into a digital format, which is a glaring inefficiency. It is 2015, the 21st century. Our Copyright Office should not be conducting 21st century business in a 20th century format. 
itself in a report released in February of this year: 
licensing system is broken. Songwriters and recording artists are concerned that they cannot make a living under the existing structure, which raises serious and systemic concerns for the future. Music publishers and performance rights organizations are frustrated that so much of their licensing activity is subject to government control, so they are constrained in the marketplace. Record labels and digital services complain that the licensing process is burdensome and inefficient, making it difficult to innovate. 
I am glad to see that this bill is beginning to address necessary upgrades. 
with the cut to the Government Publishing Office in the underlying bill. This office was formerly known as the Government Printing Office. Congress changed the name in December to reflect what the agency actually does in this digital world. The office publishes information online and plays a vital role in Congress’ transparency. 
Unfortunately, GPO’s request to continue to improve its online site, as it has been allowed to do each year before this one, even under full sequestration, was denied in the bill. The cut to GPO’s online site continues to raise the concern from some that GPO could ultimately decide to charge the public 
for access to legislative documents, as was recommended to them by the National Academy of Public Administration in 2013. 
ranking member of House Administration, who wrote to GPO, stating: ‘‘Charging the public to access legislative data and documents would be a colossal setback to the progress Congress has made to improve transparency and access to legislative information.’’ They also said charging the public 
‘‘would be a direct assault on our ability to engage Americans in a process that is of great consequence to their livelihoods.’’ 
GPO indicated at the time of the MillerBrady letter that it had no plans to charge users for what should be public information; but what choice are we leaving them if we don’t continue investing in their online systems? 
Also included in the bill is a requirement that the Architect seek approval, as the chairman described, from the House Committee on Appropriations and the Government Accountability Office for any project or phase of a project over $5 million. 
demonstrated many times over the last 8 years, but I do question whether or not the low threshold would unnecessarily hold up the progress of essential projects. 
GAO to review projects on the scale of the Cannon building restoration. I have asked GAO to come in and get involved very specifically in a number of things where accountability was a concern, but I question the use of GAO’s resources on projects as small as $5 million. That begins to micromanage beyond what is reasonable. 
To end on a more positive note, I am 
pleased that we were able to provide $10 million to add to the House historic buildings revitalization trust fund. We have been banking funds for our large projects over the last several years, which is imperative to help ensure we avoid getting caught flatfooted if we experience unexpected costs in the future. 
as he crafted this bill. I did have a lot of opportunity to talk with him about the details of this bill and offer suggestions, many of which he took. Again, I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman as the bill moves to the Senate and then on to conference. 
I particularly want to thank our incredible staff, one of whom is sitting next to me, Shalanda Young, and the rest of our staff, Liz Dawson, Chuck Turner, on the majority side; and Jenny Panone, as well as Jason Murphy, with Chairman GRAVES ’ personal 
office; and Rosalyn Kumar, on my personal staff. Thank you so much. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, before I yield to our full committee chairman, I do want to thank the ranking member for her work on this, her input. She worked diligently through the process and was supportive in subcommittee and full committee, and I wanted to thank her for that publicly. 
may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman 
House. He is the newest cardinal that we have, one of the 12 subcommittee chairmen—they are called cardinals— and this is his first bill. 
for putting together what I think is a pretty high standard for fiscal responsibility for the House, freezing funding at last year’s level, $3.3 billion. 
That is the third year in a row, Mr. 
Chairman, that we have frozen the budget of the House of Representatives, making good on our promise to rein in spending and do more with less. 
reduction in House funding that began when Republicans took control of the House 4 years ago. 
freeze on Member pay that has been in place since 2010. We believe that in order for us to ask others to sacrifice throughout the government, that we have to sacrifice, ourselves, first; and that is what this bill does. 
The bill includes numerous provisions designed to guarantee that the House and its support agencies are spending their tax dollars appropriately and to keep them accountable to the taxpayers. This includes enhancing oversight of the Cannon building restoration project and making sure that Congress approves any largescale construction project. 
type of major undertaking stays on time and on budget and are especially important given the historical significance of our buildings and the importance of their use. 
the House is directed to support the most important functions of our legislative branch: keeping our Member and committee offices open for business, protecting the safety of those who work in and visit the Capitol complex, and improving the way we support our agencies—and the importance of doing just that. 
budget has been increased by $21 million to ensure our men in blue have the resources needed to protect this hallowed building and its grounds. And where we have seen issues in the agencies funded by the bill—for example, IT infrastructure challenges at the Library of Congress—we have taken the steps to make sure that these will be fixed moving forward. 
worked hard on this bill. They have demonstrated their love of this institution and these grounds by the hard work and devotion they have put into making this bill possible. So we want to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for putting together this small 
but mighty bill. So I thank them for all of their work. 
House can lead by example when it comes to restoring fiscal discipline to the operations of the Federal Government. This bill will allow the House to fulfill its core duties within a responsible, realistic budget and preserve the democracy that makes this Nation so great. 
I thank the chairman for the time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield such time as she may consume to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of 
the full Appropriations Committee as well as the ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. 
Chairman GRAVES and Ranking Member W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for their hard 
labeled ‘‘Innovation Week,’’ we consider the smallest of the appropriation bills, which funds the operations of our Nation’s legislative branch. 
nothing innovative about this bill. Without Senate items, the bill is $3.341 billion. Despite years of ‘‘tightening our belts,’’ the majority has, yet again, kept funding flat and further damaged this institution’s reputation and ability to function at the highest level. 
or MRAs, would be frozen for a third consecutive year and will continue to 
strain the House’s ability to serve the American people due to fewer staff for constituent casework, the inability to effectively communicate with our constituents, and fewer district offices. 
amendments to the bill which would compound the problems legislative branch agencies face: our buildings are crumbling, life and safety projects are postponed, and agencies have hit the limits of what they can do with inadequate funding. Further cuts proposed today will have even greater implications for the operations of the Congress. 
continues funding for a partisan lawsuit against the President. At a time when we are putting appropriation bills under tight budgetary restrictions, this waste of taxpayer dollars only distracts us from the serious work Congress should get done. 
want to again congratulate the chairman for putting forth his first bill and working with the ranking member, where possible. We need more cooperation between the majority and the minority. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). Mr. FARR. I thank the gentlewoman 
Mr. Chairman, I rise on this bill, as a 
member of the subcommittee, with very mixed emotions. There are some very good things in this bill, but there is also some bad stuff. The question is whether the bill is 51 percent good or 51 percent bad. 
that government can play a positive role in American lives. Government is not the enemy. 
this body refuses to invest in the tools to do the job of government and, by extension, to do the job of the American people. This bill contains the same funding levels it did last year, and that is $172 million less than the budget request. 
Any good corporation plots its investments so the company can prosper. In terms of the House of Representatives, that would mean setting spending at a level that would maximize its ability to serve the people. By failing to make those investments, we disrespect the American people, and we tell them that we are not worth the investment, not worth the effort, not worth doing the job well. 
institution we depend upon to make government function properly. This body is being given short shrift. 
I am on the Appropriations Committee. I think it is our responsibility to meet the needs of the Nation in every respect, and that includes investing in the legislative branch of government so it can do its job. 
Those low polling numbers that Congress gets—everybody here talks about how low it is—I think they are the self fulfilled policy of a Congress that refuses to provide itself the tools they need to serve the public. 
place work any better. Using taxpayer dollars more wisely will. 
Having said that, I am also supportive of what the committee brought to the floor in a program called the Open World Leadership Center. It is operated out of funds from Congress with the Library of Congress. 
this program was begun as the brainchild of the late Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska and the Librarian of Congress. It was to expose young and emerging leaders—average age about 38—in Russia and former Eastern bloc countries. Some of those countries include Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Kazakhstan. 
see this program go away, the way USAID has left the region. 
leaders to visit congressional districts, to see how city councils work, to see how school boards work, to see the United States, the State legislators, the judges. The program belongs in the legislative branch because peertopeer relationships do work. 
States. More than 23,000 rising leaders have been hosted by the United States Government since the program’s inception. Eighty percent of those have met with Members of Congress and visited their congressional districts. This is a very robust exchange program. 
I had a group in my district out in 
the central coast of California, and one of the visitors had been a member of the Duma, their Congress. He told me that he had been invited by our country to be here at least about a dozen times. But only in visiting the communities and seeing the local government in action did he actually understand what democracy was all about, a bottom’sup process in America that is never learned just visiting Washington or getting taught in a classroom. The value of handson, fromthegroundup democracy is a lesson that can’t be learned from a book. Open World experiences show these participants that democracy is not just a dream. It is actually a working reality, one that they can have in their home countries if they work at it. And America shows them how. 
the Ratcliffe amendment, and I hope that all the Members of Congress will reject that amendment to delete this program. 
work of the gentleman from Georgia, our new chairman. He has done a great job. I hope that we will spend, though, a little bit more money investing in this institution so that we can get the job done, not just talk about how we can cut, squeeze, and trim, sacrificing the ability of Congress to be its best. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and thank the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). He is a 
great member of the subcommittee and a strong advocate for a lot of elements within our budget. The truth is, we had tough choices to make. It wasn’t easy. We are held within the constraints of what current law is. 
budget that didn’t comply with the constraints that we have to comply with, but that doesn’t mean that we can adhere to his budget numbers. So we are $170something million below what the President requested or what the budget request was, but we are within the limits that are provided by law that many of the Members within this body voted for—excluding myself— and the President signed it into law. 
with that, as a House, and understand that is the law. And until that law is changed, tough choices we will have to make. 
As the chairman of the full committee so eloquently stated earlier, it is up to us to lead by example, and that is who we have elected to be our leaders and to represent our districts by example. So these are tough choices, no doubt. I agree with the gentleman from California. I know we had a goal, as a committee, and it was really bipartisan, our objective; and that was to honor and respect taxpayers today and preserve the institution for future generations, given the limited resources we had to work with. 
Chairman, let me just point out that the chairman is right: we do have to lead by example. 
the past, like last fiscal year—after the President submitted his budget, we certainly could have and should have, as a Congress, sat down with the President and negotiated an adjustment to the sequester, which we were able to successfully do last year, and that was to the betterment of making sure that people who are simply trying to succeed have the opportunity to do so in this country instead of living under the severe cuts and caps that sequestration forced us into. That is Congress’ job, which we abdicated. That was not the choice of the minority; it was the choice of the majority. 
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking 
member of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I appreciate my colleague from Florida yielding, and I appreciate the work that she and colleagues on both sides of the aisle have done on this bill. I want to commend them for their work. 
an amendment yet to come, one that I hope this body will reject. This is an amendment that will be offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). It will be an amendment 
to undo the bipartisan work of our Appropriations Committee. It would terminate the Open World program at the Library of Congress, which is a major outreach effort of our legislative branch in Russia and former Soviet and Soviet bloc countries. 
At a time when these countries’ democracies and sovereignty are under threat, the Open World program, I believe, is more important than ever. This isn’t President Putin’s favorite activity, as others have stated. That puts it very mildly, believe me. But he has not been able to stop it. 
not just in Russia but in fragile democracies and wouldbe democracies, such as Ukraine, Moldova, Kyrgyzstan, and Georgia. 
that I have ever seen. And I have a lot of personal experience with Open World groups that have come to Washington and have come to my district. 
scope and concept. Most participants aren’t the people who typically participate in international exchange programs. They are teachers, judges, local 
officials, young activists, people who live in rural areas and small towns. This program penetrates deeply, rather than just being another runofthemill exchange program. 
of our diplomats in the participant countries. You will leave with no doubt about how unique and how valuable the network of Open World participants is in the struggle for democracy in those countries and for the way our country is regarded, and there is a long list of veterans of Open World who are now public and private sector leaders in their countries. 
the placement of Open World in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. In fact, I think that is a huge asset. Because the program is not tied to a specific administration with its goals and politics, there is no hurdle to participation. There is no possibility that it will get lost as the State Department focuses on our other regions or on other priorities. 
this bill, sure enough, Open World is not about us. It is not about our salaries. It is not about our staffs. It is not about our operations. It is not about us. But I assure you, it is about our country. It is about what we stand for at home and around the world. It is about projecting the value of our democratic principles to countries with histories of oppressive rule. 
The Appropriations Committee included funding for Open World following a bipartisan effort led by Representatives FORTENBERRY and F ARR. 
stand with the prodemocracy advocates, many, many brave and courageous people in a critical part of the world. Oppose the Ratcliffe amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
these proceedings are documented well, and I know the ranking member stated that sequestration was a decision of the majority and not the minority. In some aspects, she is very correct, because at the time sequestration was implemented, the majority of the Senate was held by Democrats, and the concept came from Jack Lew, which is heavily documented, from the President’s administration. So just to make sure there is full clarity here of majority and minority perspectives, there was a different majority at the time when that was taking place. 
the Open World discussion here. This is a program that has been ongoing for several years—it has been decades, quite frankly—with great intentions in the beginning. What hasn’t been stated 
today is that its intention was to be a 
onetime program to assist during a transitional phase of the Soviet bloc countries at that time, back in the Bill Clinton administration, to assist them with some dialogue with free markets and diplomacy and such as we were experiencing during that time. 
As we know, with a lot of government programs that have good intentions of being one time, singular, they tend to go on into perpetuity. Yet we have heard claims today that there is not enough money, that we don’t have enough to spend on things that are so vital and so critical to this body, to the institution, to meeting our constituents’ needs, to the $1.5 billion in deferred maintenance of buildings, to MRAs not being enough, or whatever it might be. Yet there is still this clinging to $5 million of training Russian diplomats or Russian civic leaders is more important, more important than meeting the critical needs that we have here as a body, whether it is the Library of Congress, whether it is making sure that there is security provided through the Capitol Police, that they are fully funded where they need to be, whatever it might be. 
today, if we cannot cut $5 million from a program that is duplicative, that there are 95 other programs that do very similar things, a program that has not been transparent, a program that has outlived its day, that is training Russians at a time when Russia is causing aggression against our allies and it is assisting our enemies, if we can’t cut $5 million today and the gentleman from Texas’ amendment fails today, God help us, when can we cut something from this budget? 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
While I intend to claim time in opposition to the amendment that addresses Open World a little bit later, which I know will come as a surprise to the chairman, I do want to point out now that what the chairman says is not quite accurate, which is why I am going to oppose the amendment. Because were we—and there were a number of options available to the Rules Committee—taking the $5 million that is going to Open World in the Legislative Branch bill now and putting it in to some other place in the Legislative Branch bill, life safety programs, restoring the cuts to GPO, or doing something that is going to make sure that the legislative branch can be competitive and has the ability to get our work done, then that would have been fine, because I agree that Open World is actually a square peg in a round hole and shouldn’t be funded out of this bill, and I have made that case for many years. 
they took an amendment that takes that $5 million and puts it into the spending reduction account. We are already $106 million below 2010 levels in our MRA, in our office accounts. This bill is flatfunded for 3 years in a row. We are doing ourselves a disservice and making it difficult for us to do our jobs when we had a ripe opportunity to take that $5 million—which I would have been for—and put it somewhere in the Legislative Branch bill instead of sending it out of here. That is not responsible. 
perhaps the chairman’s comments about sequestration demonstrate that he thinks that Congress’ hands are tied and that we don’t have the ability to actually make changes. The President has proposed what he believes we should do as an alternative to the sequester. That was his proposed budget. 
Like last year, we also have the ability to set aside and work with the administration—set aside at least part of the sequester—so we could provide improved allocations for each of these appropriations bills and make sure that we can make life better for more Americans. Unfortunately, the majority continues to act as if somehow we are frozen in time and that we are paralyzed by sequestration as the law. The last time I checked, the Founding Fathers in the Constitution gave Congress the ability to change the law, which we should do. 
discussing some of the amendments that we will be debating in a few moments. 
for, really, the opportunity to spend some time focusing on the needs of the legislative branch and giving us the ability to at least move forward in some ways towards addressing our role as a coequal branch of government. I think this bill could have been far better. It has made several positive changes, but as I have outlined, we have places where we disagree, but we did it without being disagreeable. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
appreciate her acknowledgment of her opposition to the amendment that will arrive earlier. I would point out to you, Mr. Chairman, that I am not a member of the Rules Committee. I did not make that decision as to what amendment would be adopted or not. There were three amendments very similar. They were bipartisan. So there was bipartisan opposition to this program. We have the amendment before us that is before us, and, for the record, I will be supporting that amendment. 
that has been difficult. I understand that. We have had some tough choices to make, but we have made them. We made them in a bipartisan way in which we had unanimous support out of subcommittee; we had no opposition that I recall in full committee. And so 
I expect today that we might maintain some of that bipartisanship, some of that ability to get something done here for the American people and show them that we have priorities in place that honor and respect them and preserve this institution for future generations. 
bill does is we are here to hold the line on spending. We are keeping it flat funded, as we have for the last year or two. This is a bill that is going to honor and respect our taxpayers. It is one that is preserving the beauty of this Capitol campus, providing a central security for all visitors and staff, and ensuring that we are able to provide the services that our constituents expect and deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
Alan Nunnelee, late a Representative from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for official expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided , That 
such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2016 until January 2, 2017. 
including Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $554,317,732. 
For salaries and expenses of standing committees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $123,903,173: Provided , That 
shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
and employees, as authorized by law, $175,713,679, including: for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, for official representation and reception expenses, $24,980,898; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, including the position of Superintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $14,827,120 of which $4,784,229 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $115,010,000, of which $1,350,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,741,809; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,413,450; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parliamentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $1,974,606; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,119,766; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $8,352,975; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,069; for other authorized employees, $478,986. 
by House resolution or law, $281,251,521, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,236; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,486; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $254,447,514, to remain available until March 31, 2017; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,217,008 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,084,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,467,030; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,247. 
TOREDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES—SALARIES AND EXPENSES —MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTA TIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only 
for fiscal year 2016. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2016 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. 
the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
in this Act may be used by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an aggregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
by this Act may be used to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administrative Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
by this Act may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
For salaries and expenses of the Joint Economic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
Committee on Taxation, $10,095,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: 
For medical supplies, equipment, and contingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, including: 
three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; 
Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,387,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, professional liability insurance, and other applicable employee benefits, $300,000,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $30,928,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. 
For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $69,000,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided , That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2016 shall be paid by the Secretary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to any reimbursement received before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not more than $500 may 
be expended on the certification of the Executive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. 
For salaries and expenses necessary for operation of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $47,270,000. 
For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary expenses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $90,946,000. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol, $46,737,000, of which $22,737,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for care and improvement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $11,880,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $149,962,000, of which $23,886,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. 
Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Printing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $91,549,898, of which $14,408,898 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , 
That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appropriation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016. 
For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $36,589,000, of which $11,646,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computer Facility, and AOC security operations, $22,058,000, of which $4,525,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $11,892,000; of which $2,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , 
That of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. 
For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $20,557,000. 
in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agencyemployed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, governmentdriven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
by this Act may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restoration or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. ACQUISITION OF PARCEL AT FORT MEADE  
of the Capitol is authorized to acquire from the Maryland State Highway Administration, at no cost to the United States, a parcel of real property (including improvements thereon) consisting of approximately 7.34 acres located within the portion of Fort George G. Meade in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, that was transferred to the Architect of the Capitol by the Secretary of the Army pursuant to section 122 of the Military Construction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note). 
may not obligate more than 25 percent of the amount made available to the Architect under this Act for any project for which $5,000,000 or more is appropriated under this Act until— 
Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $419,357,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2016 and shall remain available until expended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information database and activities related thereto: Provided , 
That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further , That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than 
amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, 
$8,231,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program. 
amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $35,777,000: Provided further , 
provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $106,945,000: Provided , That no part of such 
amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. 
Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided , That 
of the total amount appropriated, not more than $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
information and the distribution of congressional information in any format; expenses necessary for preparing the semimonthly and session index to the Congressional Record, as authorized by law (section 902 of title 44, United States Code); publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,736,000: Provided , That this appropriation shall not 
be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , That this appropriation 
shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further , That notwithstanding the 2 
year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , 
That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further , That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. 
For expenses of the public information programs of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $30,500,000: Provided , That 
amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further , That any unobligated or unexpended 
balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
The Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund: Provided , That not more than $7,500 
may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses: Provided further , 
through the business operations revolving fund may provide information in any format: Provided further , That the business operations revolving fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at GPO’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. 
That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental 
appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of nonFederal participants: Provided further , That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed. 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
activities of the Government Accountability Office may, in the reasonable discretion of the Comptroller General, be carried out by receiving details of personnel from other offices of the Federal Government on a reimbursable, partiallyreimbursable, or nonreimbursable basis.’’. 
For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,700,000, except that any funds made available under this heading to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. 
for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. 
in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond fiscal year 2016 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided , That the provisions in this 
Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. 
section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, 
except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. 
year thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol, in consultation with the District of Columbia, is authorized to maintain and improve the landscape features, excluding streets, in Square 580 up to the beginning of I–395. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
BATTERY RECHARGING STATIONS FOR PRI VATELY OWNED VEHICLES IN PARKING AREAS  
OF CONGRESS AT NO NET COST TO THE FED ERAL GOVERNMENT  
to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on the Library of Congress buildings and grounds. 
funds appropriated to the Architect of the Capitol under the heading ‘‘CAPITOL POWER  
THE CAPITOL’’ in any fiscal year are available to construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis battery recharging stations in parking areas under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on Library of Congress buildings and grounds for use by privately owned vehicles used by covered employees. 
the numbers and locations of the battery recharging stations to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
the Architect of the Capitol shall charge fees or charges for electricity provided to covered employees sufficient to cover the costs to the Architect of the Capitol to carry out this section, including costs to any vendors or other costs associated with maintaining the battery recharging stations. 
the amount of the fee or charge to be established or adjusted to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
charges, or commissions collected by the Architect of the Capitol under this section shall be— 
after the end of each fiscal year, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report on the financial administration and cost recovery of activities under this section with respect to that fiscal year to the Joint Committee on the Library and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
years after the date of enactment of this Act and every 3 years thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report to the Joint Committee on the Library determining whether covered employees using battery charging stations as authorized by this section are receiving a subsidy from the taxpayers. 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–120. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and a 
Mr. Chairman, in this fiscal environment, we have to be better stewards of taxpayer dollars, and we have to scrutinize every program that we allocate money towards. We can’t ever forget that every dollar that we spend is a dollar taken from our constituents’ hardearned paychecks. It is for that reason, Mr. Chairman, that I have offered this amendment to eliminate funding for the Open World Leadership Center—a program started in 1999 and housed in the Library of Congress with the purpose of bringing leaders from postSoviet countries to the United States to learn about our legislative process. 
passionately a few minutes ago about his belief that we need to have programs like this, but his comments ignore the fact that there are nearly 90 other similar or nearly identical programs throughout the government aimed at achieving this same goal. At the same time, this program has now spent more than $150 million towards that duplicative purpose. 
So when you consider that duplicative purpose alongside a national debt of $18.2 trillion, we have got to honestly examine and reconsider whether this is the best use of taxpayer money. This is especially true when accounts 
and programs across the legislative branch have seen reductions in recent years, but yet not a single dollar has been cut from the Open World program despite the fact that, after this subcommittee’s examination of this program, Chairman GRAVES reported that, 
‘‘In light of both the lack of quantifiable results from the Open World Leadership Center and its duplications of programs more appropriately offered by the State Department, the program has long outlived its shortterm intent.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I agree with the chairman’s assessment, which is, by the way, not a partisan one. In fact, this is the alltoorare situation and opportunity where Republicans and Democrats, alike, agree that we can cut spending without hurting American citizens. 
us with the responsibility of seeing that their tax dollars don’t go to waste. And while Mr. GRAVES ’ bill allocates 
funds to the legislative branch to do the important work that we need to on behalf of the American people, the Open World program is one area where we can and should make this spending cut. 
may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for bringing this forward. He has done a lot of work on this topic. He is new to the body—I think everybody knows that— and with haste he has moved to find an area in which we can continue to provide savings for taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, I support the gentleman’s amendment here, and I appreciate his bringing it forward. 
my time to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the majority 
to thank my colleague for bringing this amendment and for focusing in on areas where we can actually eliminate spending here in Washington. Again, you have to recognize that about 35 cents of every dollar spent is money borrowed from countries like China, so we ought to be combing every different piece of this budget and finding areas where we can say that this isn’t something that the Federal Government should be doing. 
exchanges with other countries, but to be spending millions of dollars at a time when our country has needs that aren’t being met and that we are borrowing money from other countries and sending that bill to our children, this is a time where we have got to be combing through these kinds of programs, and I want to thank him for his leadership. b1600 
This is a time where we have got to 
be combing through these kind of programs, and I want to thank him for his leadership. This is something that should be eliminated. We shouldn’t be spending millions of dollars of taxpayer money to bring people over to this country. If they want to come, we welcome them. 
here to observe how democracy works; we send people on occasion to other countries to spread democracy, but there are duplications in so many other areas of our budget where this is already being done, and this is just one more area where we ought to be saving taxpayers’ money and being fiscally responsible. 
do; it isn’t something we should be doing. I am glad the gentleman is bringing the amendment to eliminate this spending. I support it and hope the House approves it. 
Chairman, I want to note for the Members that this would be the first time that I am actually opposing an amendment that cuts the Open World program. 
Legislative Branch Subcommittee 8 years ago, this program was at $14 million. I have consistently tried to cut this program and move its funding to the State Department bill for every single year since then. We have not been successful, but we are only at $5.7 million now, which is a more appropriate amount. 
This funding going somewhere else in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill would be more appropriate. Since we are sending it out of the bill in a bill that is already inadequately funded, it is not an amendment I can support. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ), who wishes to speak in opposition to the amendment. 
I thank the ranking member for the time. I also want to thank the subcommittee chairman, Mr. GRAVES , for 
the gentlemanly way in which we have conducted this debate. 
have got Democrats and Republicans divided on each side of the aisle, which is a bit unusual, but nonetheless, this is important. 
Center. I am on its board. It has been mentioned that this is better nested within the State Department. The State Department does have a myriad of programs. However, this is a legislative branch program, and we should not outsource our responsibility there. 
of the fall of the Soviet Union in order to give a chance for the development of legal structures, stabilized civil society, and the opportunity for democracy to evolve. While the primary focus was on Russia, that component has been suspended, and this program has taken a very substantial cut down from $10 million to about $6 million now. 
To jettison it gets rid of very important deliverables. Over 23,000 judges, politicians, emerging civil society leaders, and young people have participated in this program, including 15 members of Ukraine’s parliament, 15 members of Moldova’s parliament, 8 Russian governors; 51 percent of the participants are women. 
dollars of lethal military aid to a country, but the military says: Do everything you can to build up good will and trust and relationships in stable societies so that we do not have to resort to what none of us wants to resort to. 
fulfills that role in an effective way. There are changes that I hope will be 
forthcoming to make it more effective in the future. I hope we will preserve this important legislative priority which cannot be replicated, essentially, by the State Department. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ). 
would like to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and as someone who served as ranking member for this subcommittee back several years ago, I just want to express my support and the work for the Open World Leadership Center than the opposed amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas. 
I am sure it is well intended, but I do 
want to say that I think that this amendment is not going in the right direction. We do need to keep this partnership. It is a partnership. It is a relationship that has developed with these former Soviet countries. 
served us well. It is a program that a lot of people say is duplicated in other agencies of government, but I will say it is unique. It is a unique approach to working across borders to highlight the critical role of the legislative branch in emerging democracies. 
I just want to say that I support this 
bill as it currently is and would oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
Chairman, can you tell me how much time we have remaining? 
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio 
have seen Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Now, more than ever, it is critical to engage with rising stars in the former Soviet Union because the old tactics of Soviet Russia are still being employed. 
Yes, it is a legislative branch program, so it is small; it is efficient; it is ours. It is our one tool to reach out to these countries to their rising leaders to expand accountable governance and the rule of law. Who better to teach it than those engaged, those of us who communicate with citizens in these countries that so very much want to be free? 
changemakers in this very, very fluid region of the world. It reaches beyond the big cities, into the country side. I personally have greeted some of the leaders that have come from several countries, including Moldova and Ukraine. 
Let me tell you, it will be our generation and the next that will pay the price if this amendment is passed. We simply must engage with this part of the world. We cannot leave her in the hands of the Russian bear. 
from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. The gentlewoman from Florida has 30 seconds remaining. 
time, I yield 10 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
just like to respond that there is no legislative program in the State Department like this. You can’t transfer it there. They are not operative in these countries, so to say that this could be moved over—look, you were in professional organizations. 
to judge, and we need to keep it that way. 
constituents sent me to Washington to cut wasteful spending. The Open World program is one of many, many programs that have the same purpose throughout the Federal Government. This is a chance to cut $5 million in spending for a duplicative program that we simply don’t need. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in support of passage of the Ratcliffe amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, unfortunately, what this amendment is, is a missed opportunity 
the Open World program any longer and moving it to the State Department. Unfortunately, the majority has chosen to make a rule in order that focuses on an amendment to shift the $5.7 million completely out of the legislative branch when we have plaster falling off buildings, elevators badly in need of repair, we have cuts to our MRA—our office accounts—our staff that isn’t well paid enough; and it just not responsible. 
the Members, unfortunately, to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) and a Member 
offer a simple amendment to prohibit funds for delivering printed copies of the Congressional Pictorial Directory in the House of Representatives. 
pictures of Members of Congress printed by the Government Publishing Office. The most recent edition cost over $200,000 to print and distribute. While I realize this is not much money, I think with an $18 trillion debt, that we need to be looking for the pennies, as well as the $100 bills. 
book is no longer necessary to print in hard copy. We are almost 6 months into the 114th Congress, and the GPO has still not published the book. During the 113th Congress, it took the GPO 9 months, until September, to release the pictorial directory. Here is what one of them looks like. 
Private groups make similar directories that are actually more useful and include contact information and biographies of Members, in addition to their pictures. I have a copy of the directory that was dropped off at my office by a trade association in the last few days, and unlike the GPO directory, it is up to date, and they keep it up to date. 
Congress are readily available for free online. If needed, the Clerk could ensure that appropriate photographs of current Members are available to create an online pictorial directory. 
The language of this amendment mirrors several riders already in the bill that prohibit funds for the delivery of printed copies of bills and resolutions, printed copies of the CONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD , printed copies of the statements of disbursements, and printed copies of the daily calendar. 
to support my commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I think it is worth stating for the RECORD that this amendment 
would maybe save somewhere between $9,000 and $29,000. I mean, let’s bear the full impact of that weighty sum, depending on how it is interpreted. 
prevent the delivery of a printed copy that I have in my hand of the Congressional Pictorial Directory—which, by the way, Mr. FLORES , no offense, but 
some of us used this directory to identify you during the course of this discussion. 
This is a book that is actually necessary and one that we shouldn’t be 
farming out or relying on lobbyists to print for us. 
amendment that stops some sort of printing or delivery of a paper copy of some document to Member offices. 
Member offices; we no longer allow more than 50 printed copies of the Code to go to House offices; we no longer deliver a printed copy of the statements of disbursement to Member offices; we no longer deliver a printed copy of the daily calendar to Member offices—all of which cost far more than stopping the printing of these books. 
Members to print out a piece of paper— or staff—and carry around a whole bunch of printed faded copies of paper to help identify Members. We have new Members every 2 years. My point is we are about out of low 
hanging fruit here. I hope this is the last of this type of amendment because, if we want to change printing, the Members have an opportunity to take their grievances up with the Joint Committee on Printing. 
Pictorial Directory is actually set by the Joint Committee on Printing. Maybe the gentleman is unaware of that, and it doesn’t need to be legislated through this bill. We don’t need to be creating a false impression that we are actually saving taxpayer dollars that would not have been saved through another means. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I think 
the gentlewoman from Florida made a great case for putting this book in the same stack of dinosaurs that she was talking about when it comes to eliminating all other waste in terms of government printing. 
I have an app that cost me $1.99 that 
gives me current pictures of Members of Congress. I don’t have to carry any paper around. I don’t have to carry this book around. I don’t have to carry this book around. I just have to have an app. 
Why don’t we act like a 21st century Congress and get rid of the dinosaurs like this? 
Mr. FLORES. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida. 
wondering whether that app was privately produced or was produced by taxpayers. As for the $1.99 that you spent on it, were those taxpayer dollars you used to pay for it or from your own personal funds? 
Chairman, my point is that it would be one thing if a congressional tutorial directory were unnecessary, but that is not the case. It is necessary. What isn’t necessary is for us to be wasting time in debate on the House floor over something that could actually be handled differently. If the gentleman or any other Member thought that the Joint Committee on Printing should handle it differently, just go talk to them. 
Instead, what we are doing is pretending that we are actually saving taxpayer dollars. This is about $9,000, and what we shouldn’t be doing is outsourcing the things that we need in terms of the materials to do a better job serving the public to lobbyists and the private sector. That does not make sense, and it isn’t necessary, and the majority should not leave the impression that they are actually doing something fiscally responsible here. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, this has 
been a fascinating discussion. The gentlewoman from Florida claims that the savings are between $9,000 and $29,000 while the numbers that we have are $200,000. If you ask your typical hard working family if $9,000 is a lot of money, they will say, yes, it is. Is $29,000 a lot of money? They will say yes. Is $200,000 a lot of money? They will say yes. If you say, ‘‘You are paying for that. Would you like the government to stop wasting that money?’’ then they would say, absolutely, yes. 
waste any time on this and vote ‘‘aye,’’ then let’s stop. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I will point out that the gentleman’s amendment does not actually stop the printing of the pictorial directory. It simply stops the delivery of the directory to Members’ offices. So it does not provide the savings that the gentleman is talking about. It provides between $9,000 and $29,000 because the only cost that he is saving is on the delivery and not on the printing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
Mr. Chairman, I read the amendment’s intent as well. As the ranking member just stated and as the argument seems to go around in a circle here, it doesn’t stop the printing of these items, of these directories. It just says that Members of Congress shouldn’t have somebody privately deliver them to their offices. If they want one, go get one. If they want to look it up online, look it up online. If they want to spend $1.99 and get an app, they can get an app. This just says that the Congressional Pictorial Directory is just not going to be delivered to a Member’s office. I don’t know how controversial that can be. 
my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I conclude by pointing out that the offerer of the amendment, and the chairman, are suggesting that now we should print things that we don’t use. If that isn’t an example of a waste of taxpayer dollars in suggesting that we should print this document but not make sure that it is delivered to Members’ offices for their utilization, that pretty much sounds like government waste under the classic definition. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and 
first, I want to begin by thanking the subcommittee chairman for his hard work on this effort that is in front of us and for the committee’s identifying ways to reduce what the Federal Government spends, especially in the leg branch. 
level is $3.3 billion. That is $173 billion below the President’s request. I think there is more work that we could do, and my 1 percent acrosstheboard spending reduction will save taxpayers an additional $29 million in budget authority and $25 million in outlays for fiscal year 2016. It is a targeted cut in discretionary spending that exempts the Capitol Police, the Sergeant at Arms, and security maintained by the Architect of the Capitol. 
committee. They have done several very important things that, I think, we ought to highlight. 
freeze Member pay in place, where it has been since 2010. Second, it continues a 14 percent reduction in funding for the House of Representatives, which Republicans began in 2011. I appreciate that Chairman ROGERS  
brought attention to that as general debate began. Third, the bill cuts funding for programs such as the Government Publishing Office, which we have just been discussing—many programs that have outlived their usefulness. 
We can cut more, and a penny on a 
dollar is worth the effort. We are a country that has over $18 trillion in debt. Financial security has become an issue of national security. Admiral Mullen said the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our growing national debt. That is a reason for our getting our fiscal house in order and 
looking to future generations and saying, let’s go in and cut one more penny out of a dollar. This effort that I bring before you would do just that—one more cent—and do it for future generations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. 
It takes a meatax approach to cutting this bill by over $29 million with an acrosstheboard cut of 1 percent. I want to point out that it also exempts the Capitol Police and its buildings, as well as the Sergeant at Arms. 
If the gentlewoman, who I know offers these amendments over and over again, were truly committed to an acrosstheboard cut, then she would just simply offer an acrosstheboard cut. 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the minority whip. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this. 
Tough words. By the way, this is sequester, which is a Republican proposal. It started in about 2011 but, really, before that with all of these across theboard cuts because you don’t have to make any choices, and you don’t have to make priorities. You just say, Oh, let’s save money. 
this country want this Congress to have vigorous oversight of the executive department, which has expanded very substantially while the legislature has continued to undermine its ability to function as an effective oversight agency of the American people. The legislative branch is underfunded. We do not have the capacity to do the effective oversight as we ought to be doing. The Department of Veterans Affairs is a perfect example of that where we were not vigorous enough in oversight to ensure that money was being applied properly. 
If you want to cut and if you want to 
say something—this is not good; that is not good; we are wasting money there—then specify it. Debate that issue up or down. That is why sequester is so abysmally wrong and why the chairman of the committee called it unrealistic and illconceived. This is not Obama’s proposal of a sequester. I am not talking about this amendment, but to say, as you repeatedly say on your side of the aisle, that this is Obama’s proposal is baloney. In fact, the only reason Jack Lew suggested that to Reid as an option was because you—and I refer to the Republican friends on the other side of the aisle— were threatening not to honor the Nation’s debt. 
we passed sequester, and nobody intended sequester to go into effect. It was always a backup. Because we have failed to come to an agreement on a fiscally responsible, sustainable path, we have repaired to this illconceived, unrealistic concept of sequester. This 1 percent across the board is exactly that. It puts intellect on hold and judgment on hold. That is not why the American people sent us here. 
institution, and respect our responsibility to the American people. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute and 15 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). 
words about one part of the bill that I find very troubling. This is a cut that is a pennywise and poundfoolish. 
Government Publishing Office, and that is because of the range of digital services that it provides. This year, the Legislative Branch Subcommittee voted to cut those operations by eliminating the appropriated funding for the GPO’s Federal digital system, which provides free digital access to more than a million congressional and other government document titles that have been downloaded by the public more than 1 billion times over the past 5 years. It does not make sense. Cutting this will severely eliminate money to upgrade the GPO’s Federal digital system and the new search and retrieval system. 
we all face, the GPO came in with a flat budget request this year, asking only that we support the commitment to their digital transformation. We said ‘‘yes’’ to it last year, and I am hopeful that we can restore that funding this year. It makes no sense to cut this. There are millions of people in local libraries all across this country who depend on this digital system, and we do not need to cut it. This is penny wise and poundfoolish. 
House Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee, I wanted to say a few words about one part of this year’s spending bill which I find very troubling. 
agreed to rename GPO as the Government Publishing Office, based on the broad range of 
This year, the House Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee voted to cut those operations by eliminating appropriated funding for GPO’s Federal Digital System, which provides free digital access to more than 1 million congressional and other Government document titles that have been downloaded by the public more than 1 billion times over the past five years. This cut just doesn’t make sense. 
new digital documents to its Federal Digital System. It will zero out the funding for initiatives that support the missions of congressional and legislative branch organizations such as the Clerk of the House of Representatives, the Secretary of the Senate, and the Library of Congress who rely on information from the Federal Digital System to feed websites such as Congress.gov and Docs.House.gov. 
years old, is already beginning to show its age. The rapid changes in today’s digital technical environment remind us why it’s essential for GPO to keep up with the times. 
upgrade GPO’s Federal Digital System with a new search and retrieval system, an improved user interface, and other needed hardware and software improvements, including migrating the system to the cloud. Due to the critical role the Federal Digital System plays in making our legislative information transparent and available online, we need to make this investment. 
face, GPO came in with a flat budget request this year, asking only that we support their commitment to their digital transformation. We said yes to that transformation last year, and I am hopeful that we can restore this funding in the final legislation. 
find it so interesting that this is called a ‘‘meatax approach.’’ Yes, I do come regularly to offer these amendments, because I care what happens with our Nation. I care about our future, and I want to make certain that we are on solid financial footing. We have a responsibility to be good stewards of the taxpayers’ money. It is their money. 
interesting that is. Go tell all of the Governors from coast to coast—Democrat and Republican—who use across theboard spending cuts to get budgets in balance. Tell that to mayors who use this same process. The reason it is done is it works. It helps the bureaucracy hold itself accountable, and that is absolutely what we ought to be doing at this point in time. 
emotional issue. Cutting brings forward a lot of emotions. Talking about doing more with less, being resourceful, that is what we should do every single day. In order to be a good steward of the taxpayers’ money, we should want to do more with less. We should do it in the name of freedom, for freedom’s sake—for the sovereignty of this Nation. 
is operating by a balanced budget and spending and living within the means 
the taxpayers have said they are going to have for this Federal Government ever considered illconceived? When would it be considered unrealistic? It is what we ought to be doing. Indeed, if every department did what the legislative branch did of cutting 14 percent, we would be getting close to budget. 
To say that we are suspending intellect and judgment, do you know that is almost frivolous and almost silly to say. 
less and should try to continue to spend less and reform this government and hold it accountable to the taxpayer who is footing the bill because, yes, the Nation’s future depends on it; our national security, yes, depends on it; and respect, it is respecting future generations and the taxpayer to be a wise steward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I yield 
30 seconds of my remaining time to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I wish the gentlewoman had made that same speech when we were discussing defense, the biggest spending bill we have, but she didn’t offer this amendment at all. 
the legislators didn’t have enough guts to raise taxes, so the people went out and did it because they want their government to run wisely and smartly, and they knew they didn’t have enough money to do it. 
the Senate, which we don’t vote on their bit, is increasing their budget by 12 percent. They are going to be able to give costofliving adjustments to every one of their Members. Nobody sitting in this room who works for us is going to get a costofliving adjustment because of cuts like this. This is ridiculous. We are penalizing our whole House, not the Senate. This is not a smart way to make legislative business. 
Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? 
close, Mr. Chairman, the bottom line is that what would be fiscally responsible and responsible in general is to not further take a meat ax to a bill that has already been flatfunded for the last 3 years. Our employees deserve a raise. We deserve to be able to be a coequal branch of government, funded well enough to be able to hold the administration accountable and make sure we can do our jobs. This bill does not allow us to achieve that. 
I urge the Members to oppose this irresponsible amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 120 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 199, not voting 9, as follows: 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko 
California, Messrs. HANNA, SCHWEIKERT, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Messrs. YODER, HIMES, and DENT changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
of Missouri, SHUSTER, CRAWFORD, and SMITH of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 250, not voting 10, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Crawford Curbelo (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Neugebauer Noem Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Turner 
Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 246 my 
voting card did not record and if it had recorded, it would be a ‘‘yes.’’ I would have recorded my vote as ‘‘yes.’’ 
DAVIS of Illinois). There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 271, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
the order of the House of today, this 5 minute vote on passage of H.R. 2250 will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to recommit on H.R. 2353, and passage of H.R. 2353, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 357, nays 67, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 247] 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cummings DeGette Deutch Doyle, Michael 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Kind Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lofgren Lowey Massie McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng 
Moulton Napolitano Neal Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Price (NC) Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Visclosky Wasserman 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY), on which the yeas and nays were 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 182, nays 241, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 387, noes 35, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer 
Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Becerra Bridenstine Carney Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Courtney Crowley DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Jordan Kildee Kind Larson (CT) Maloney, Sean Moulton Mulvaney Pascrell Perlmutter Polis Renacci 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 19, 2015 and would like the record to reflect that I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 243: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 244: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 245: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 246: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 247: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 248: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 249: ‘‘yes.’’ 
REMOVAL OF NAMES OF MEMBERS AS COSPONSORS OF H.R. 1909 
unanimous consent that the following Members be removed as cosponsors of the bill, H.R. 1909: Mr. FARENTHOLD of 
HUELSKAMP of Kansas, and Mr. T HORN BERRY of Texas. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to cosponsor H.R. 874, the American Super Computing Leadership Act. This is bipartisan legislation that I have had the pleasure of working on with my colleague, Mr. HULTGREN , as well as others from both sides of the aisle in developing, including, as the chairman said, Mr. SWALWELL , Ms. B ONAMICI , and 
exascale computing program to ensure that the fastest computers in the world, as well as their software and algorithms, which will help us use these machines to the maximum efficiency, are developed here in the United States. 
refer to the next generation of supercomputers in general and is used interchangeably with ‘‘extreme scale.’’ This term is often applied to computing systems that are capable of carrying out a million trillion operations per second. That rate is approximately 50 times faster than the current fastest computer in the world. 
Through this legislation, the Secretary of Energy would be empowered to significantly increase the computing power that is accessible to scientists from Federal agencies as well as industry and academia. These investments would have a wide range of impacts by giving the Nation’s best scientists the resources and support they need to flourish. 
fields of research in both the academic and industrial areas that would be greatly aided by this increased computing power. Fields such as pharmaceutical development, aerodynamic modeling for aircraft and vehicle design, advanced nuclear reactor design and fusion plasma modeling, combustion simulation to assist in the design of fuelefficient clean engines, and high temperature superconductivity to significantly reduce energy losses while transmitting electricity. 
As a result of this legislation, the Department of Energy would be required to submit regular reports as well as a management plan to Congress describing how DOE intends to institute this program and its current projects. Lemont, Illinois’ Argonne National Laboratory is a world leader in developing this new capability, so I am happy that just last month the Department of Energy announced a major award to support and significantly upgrade Argonne’s advanced computing research and facilities. This bill will ensure that these investments are part of a transparent, longterm, coordinated strategy to keep the United States on top in this field. I also anticipate that the benefits that we will see from this legislation may well surpass the impacts that we can even imagine today. 
join me in supporting H.R. 874, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), who is a sponsor of this 
would like to thank my good friend and distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Chairman SMITH from Texas, as well as 
from Illinois, as well as my other good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) all for helping to bring 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 874 will help ensure that America stays at the forefront of supercomputing technology by getting to the exascale level of computing—close to the speed of the human brain. These capabilities are vital for our national security, the economy, and, more broadly, the research capabilities of our Nation. 
While America and American companies are still leading the way for much of this current technology, it is important to point out that the National University of Defense Technology in China now houses the world’s fastest computer. 
primary responsibilities within the National Nuclear Security Administration is the maintenance of our current nuclear stockpile. This stockpile stewardship responsibility is carried out with increasingly complex simulations as our stockpile ages. The need for improved parallelism capabilities and decreased energy requirements are spelled out in this legislation to ensure the Department carries out a targeted basic research program to overcome the most pressing needs. 
that I believe, in agreement with the Secretary, that exascale is not the end point. It is just a step towards the greater goal of American leadership in this field. 
broader scientific community has access to these facilities on a competitive merit review basis. The scientific drivers and the national security responsibilities should be the primary focus for computing research, but we must also make sure that the crosscutting benefits of this research are not left at the wayside. 
with universities, industry, and the national labs to conduct this research, ensuring that the Nation, as a whole, benefits from this research more quickly and efficiently. With all parties at the table, businesses will be better able 
to utilize the new technologies and algorithms that will result. 
great State of Illinois, I have been able to witness how an ecosystem of innovation can best be fostered. For our Nation to reap the greatest yields from our research, our research facilities must be open to the public when it makes sense and does not interfere with the core missions of our Federal agencies and the labs. 
labs already serve over 30,000 researchers every year, with university researchers taking precedence over others. And other user facilities, such as the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne, Illinois, have given a tremendous research capability to industry partners, such as pharmaceutical companies, where research that once took weeks is now done in hours, with samples spending more time in overnight mail. 
Mr. Speaker, the computing capabilities this legislation will help bring about will similarly have tremendous application in health care and drug development. We are just now getting to the point where computer simulations are giving us higher resolution images at the molecular level than we can get with microscopes when trying to understand how diseases, our bodies, and new treatments interact. And the modeling simulations these systems make available also allow manufacturers to build better prototypes that have already been tested thousands of times virtually before they come off the line. 
capabilities will keep America competitive on the global scale. And the graduate students and postdocs that learn on these machines will take what they know wherever they decide to go, whether it be business or the Department of Defense. 
transfer wears shoes. That is why I thank my colleagues for helping me bring this similar legislation to the floor again this Congress, and I recommend all my colleagues support this bill. 
inquire, does the gentleman from Texas have any more speakers on this bill? 
have no more speakers on this side, so I am prepared to yield back the balance of my time after the gentleman from Illinois. 
myself such time as I may consume to close here. 
He represents Fermilab. I represent part of Argonne National Laboratory. It is good to work with him on this legislation and others to advance science in the United States. Even though there are few people who really understand what this means, we will all see the results of it. I thank the chairman for moving this 
bill forward. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield back the remainder of my time as well. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 874. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1162) to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 24 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
and inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Government website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
‘‘may enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector forprofit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize competition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
providing a prize’’ and insert ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
topical areas and agencyspecific mission needs that may be the strongest opportunities for prize competitions during the upcoming 2 fiscal years.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1162, the bill now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Competitions Act, promotes increased utilization of prize competitions within the Federal Government. 
of the Oversight Subcommittee, Mr. BEYER , for introducing this legislation. 
I also thank the bipartisan cosponsors, which include the vice chair of the Oversight Subcommittee, Mr. BILL 
Prize competitions help spur innovation. They give innovators incentives to produce groundbreaking, outside thebox ideas. Used effectively, prize competitions can be a tool to generate revolutionary results that wouldn’t happen otherwise. 
For example, after the Deepwater Horizon explosion, the X Prize Foundation sponsored a competition to elicit new oil removal technologies that needed to be better than state of the art. With the incentive of a million dollar prize for first place, the winning team designed technology capable of extracting 89 percent of the oil from the water. 
the competition, the winner, in a few months, blew the competition and the then best available oil skimmers out of the water. 
prize involves the Head Health Challenge. This is a joint effort by the National Football League, Under Armour, General Electric, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology to produce ‘‘viable materials that will result in increased safety and protection for athletes, the warfighter, and civilians.’’ 
yield a solution that would benefit a diverse section of the population, from athletes to soldiers. 
to the prize competitions section of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980. It better defines the role of the private sector in various aspects of prize competitions. H.R. 1162 will have a positive impact on science prize competitions, which have bipartisan support. 
A letter from the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy proclaims the values of such competitions by stating: 
the Federal Government has reaped from more than 400 prize competitions and challenges implemented by over 72 agencies to date, the steps the administration has taken to establish a lasting foundation for use of the COMPETES prize authority, and detailed examples from fiscal year 2014 of how the COMPETES prize authority is increasing the number of agencies that use prizes to achieve their missions more efficiently and effectively. 
Again, I want to thank Mr. B EYER of 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Chairman S MITH and Ranking Member JOHNSON , for their leadership on this 
important issue and remind them that Samuel Houston and Stephen Austin were both born in Virginia. I also would like to thank my esteemed colleague, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) for cosponsoring. 
granted all Federal agencies the authority to hold prize competitions as an incentive for scientific and technological innovations. 
This authority supports agencies’ increased use of prizes to incentivize more highrisk, highreward research and reach out to a new audience of researchers and innovators across all areas of science and technology. 
300 years, to the 1714 Longitude Prize offered by the British Government to develop a practical method to precisely measure a ship’s longitude. The 1919 Orteig Prize spurred Charles Lindbergh to make the first transatlantic flight. Of course, it took 8 years from the prize to the flight itself. 
In more recent years, prize competitions have accelerated technological development for space exploration, public health, automobiles, lighting, and much more. Many of these competitions have been privately sponsored, but several have been sponsored by our Federal agencies, including NASA, DARPA, and the Department of Energy. 
to be an effective tool to invigorate our Nation’s brightest innovators from all corners. They allow our science agencies to case a wide net to draw in new talent. 
facts is that NASA found that over 80 percent of NASA prize competitors have never before responded to NASA or other government requests for proposals. We are bringing in our best and 
world in science and technology, we must draw up on all of our Nation’s talent, whether they are researchers in a university lab, owners of a technology startup, or independent innovators working in their own garages. 
science agencies took full advantage of the potential of prizes to address some of our Nation’s most pressing technological challenges. How might the world be changed in 2025 from a prize offered today? 
years perfecting the design of prize competitions to address big challenges. We hope that our science agencies will see this same success, and we must continue to support Federal agencies as they implement this authority. 
today addresses some real and some perceived hurdles in the 2010 authority that were identified once agencies began to implement prize competitions. 
the industry standard to eliminate any confusion in the interpretation of the 
law. These are technical amendments, which should make it easier for all agencies to make full use of the 2010 authority. In trying to rebalance our Federal budget, we have had to make very hard choices about where to cut funding, including in R&D programs. 
never be used as an excuse to cut our investments in R&D, prizes do allow the Federal Government to continue to fund highreward research with minimal risk to the taxpayer. They are another valuable tool for agencies to deploy to meet their critical mission responsibilities. 
ask my colleagues for their support. I am very grateful for the chairman for his bipartisan leadership on this issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
Virginia for reminding me that Stephen Austin and Samuel Houston were born in Virginia, and I have to confess, I have a number of ancestors who came from Virginia as well, and I am told one of them may have even been the Governor of Virginia, but that is as much as I am going to say about the great Commonwealth tonight. 
I will say that I have no other requests for time; and I, again, reserve the balance of my time. 
gentleman from Virginia ask unanimous consent to reclaim his time? 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
just was going to say I concur and agree to yield to the gentleman from Illinois as well. 
mastery of this parliamentary procedure, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). 
Mr. B EYER for yielding and for his introduction, his authorship of this bill on prize competitions. 
I want to add my voice in strong support of this bill. I have long been a strong supporter of prize competitions to spur innovation not as a substitute for Federal grants in other aid, but as an additional tool. 
Energy Independence and Security Act that directed DOE to create a hydrogen energy prize, a competition now called the HPrize that is currently ongoing and, hopefully, will yield some results 
language to that bill that authorized prize competitions at the National Science Foundation. I believe that these prize competitions are an excellent way to unlock the innovative potential of researchers, the private sector, and even hobbyists working in a garage, all while protecting taxpayer dollars. 
This bill will clarify prize competition authority so that more agencies of the Federal Government will be able to run competitions. It is a good bill. I thank Mr. BEYER , again, for introducing it; I thank Chairman S MITH for 
moving it and Ranking Member J OHNSONfor moving it. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1162, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1119) to improve the efficiency of Federal research and development, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
decade in streamlining the preaward grant application process through Grants.gov, the Federal Government’s website portal; 
grown as Federal research agencies have continued to impose agencyunique compliance and reporting requirements on researchers and research institutions; 
American competitiveness that administrative costs of federally funded research be streamlined so that a higher proportion of taxpayer dollars flow into direct research activities. 
of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a working group under the authority of the National Science and Technology Council, to include the Office of Management and Budget. The working group shall be responsible for reviewing Federal regulations affecting research and research universities and making recommendations on how to— 
United States institutions of higher education performing federally funded research while maintaining accountability for Federal tax dollars; and 
to refocus on performancebased goals rather than on process while still meeting the desired outcome. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1119, the bill now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ), the Science 
Committee’s Research and Technology Subcommittee chairwoman and the sponsor of this legislation. 
today to speak in support of H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act, which I introduced with the chairman and ranking member of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, as well as the ranking member of the Research and Technology Subcommittee earlier this year. 
Office of Science and Technology Policy to establish a working group under the National Science and Technology Council to review Federal regulations that affect research and research universities. 
making recommendations on how to harmonize, streamline, and eliminate duplicative Federal regulations and reporting requirements and make recommendations on how to minimize the regulatory burden on research institutions. 
to support the need for this legislation. In 2012, the National Academies issued a report that included a key recommendation to ‘‘reduce or eliminate regulations that increase administrative costs, impede research productivity, and deflect creative energy without substantially improving the research environment.’’ 
Board referenced the results of two Federal Demonstration Partnership surveys on faculty workload—one in 2005 and one in 2012—that, on average, researchers spend 42 percent of their time on meeting administrative requirements. This drain on researchers’ time and resources to answer Federal regulatory and reporting requirements leaves less time for researchers to spend on actual scientific work. 
To be clear, H.R. 1119 does not eliminate reporting requirements, because there is a need for such information for the purposes of oversight and transparency. Instead, the bill would initiate the process that should ultimately help researchers and research universities by reducing redundant regulations. This is accomplished by promoting efficiencies and getting the most out of our research investments. 
conducting a study of Federal regulations and reporting requirements, paying particular attention to those directed at research universities. H.R. 1119 would ensure that more of our Federal research dollars are spent on research and not on regulatory requirements. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act. 
I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this 
bill, and I want to thank Congresswoman COMSTOCK and Ranking Member 
Mr. Speaker, we all agree that administrative requirements serve an important purpose. They ensure transparency, the protection of human and animal subjects, and the wise use of Federal resources. But sometimes they 
go too far, so we need to find a much 
The statistic often cited is that federally funded researchers spend an average of 42 percent of their time on administrative tasks. That is time and money spent not doing science. It is not an efficient use of some of our Nation’s greatest scientific brain power, nor is it an efficient use of Federal research funds, especially as Federal spending for R&D continues to decline as a share of the overall budget. 
Back in the 112th Congress, the Research Subcommittee, which I served on as ranking member and which was led by thenChairman MOBROOKS , held 
an important hearing on this matter to help get the ball rolling, which eventually led to this bill. 
Science and Technology Policy to convene an interagency working group to review the requirements governing the conduct of federally funded R&D at our Nation’s research institutions. The working group is further charged with making recommendations on how to best streamline and harmonize such requirements across the government in order to minimize the administrative burden on universities while maintaining full accountability for Federal funds. 
This administration has long recognized the problems that this bill addresses. An interagency working group will not be starting from scratch. The Office of Management and Budget took some small steps in the right direction in their recent rewrite of the Federal regulations governing research grants. Agencies have also taken steps to harmonize the grant proposal process and are exploring additional ways to reduce the paperwork burden associated with grant proposals. 
I applaud these efforts. Last Congress, I helped further them by writing a letter to OMB, urging them to make some of the reforms they had agreed to. However, there is still room to go. The National Academies have begun a detailed review of administrative burdens on federally funded research. I hope that this review will yield specific recommendations for the agencies on how to proceed. While it may be preferable to wait for this report to be published before the interagency committee begins its own work, the Academies’ review does not preclude the need for an interagency group. 
I understand that there may be bureaucratic hurdles to overcome. This will take some time. However, we cannot afford to delay action any longer. The vitality of our Nation’s research universities and of our overall competitiveness will suffer if we do not reduce the administrative workload on our Nation’s scientific talent. H.R. 1119 is an important step in that direction. 
Once again, I want to thank Chairwoman Comstock and Ranking Member JOHNSON of the Research and Technology Subcommittee for introducing this legislation, and I thank Chairman SMITH for bringing it to the floor. I 
COMSTOCK , Chairman S MITH, and Ranking Member J OHNSON for moving this 
I know of the heavy burdens in terms of administrative tasks that need to be done. I would say some of these are absolutely necessary, but we now know that we can reduce the burden without reducing the protections that they provide. I am very happy to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
really quickly, I want to thank Mrs. COMSTOCK for introducing this bill and 
well, it is a great bipartisan piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HULTGREN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1119, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1156) to authorize the establishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportunities, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’. 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish or designate a working group under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enterprise, improve economic and national security, and support United States foreign policy goals. 
for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships supported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
input and recommendations from nonFederal science and technology stakeholders, including universities, scientific and professional societies, industry, and relevant organizations and institutions; and 
ability of United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated every 2 years, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
was received, as well as summary views of stakeholder input; and 
United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1156, the bill now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015, directs the Office of Science and Technology Policy to establish a working group to identify and coordinate international science and technology efforts to strengthen the U.S. research enterprise. 
Research and Technology Subcommittee, Mr. LIPINSKI , for introducing this bill. I also thank the subcommittee’s vice chair, Mr. MOOLENAAR , the ranking member of 
Ms. E STY, and Mr. S WALWELL for being 
Policy, in coordination with the State Department, represents the United States in bilateral and multilateral meetings with foreign nations. It works closely with government science agencies, nongovernmental organizations, and independent research and scientific institutions to promote science and technology initiatives and to strengthen global science cooperation. 
H.R. 1156 improves our Nation’s collaborative efforts with international partners on scientific issues. While many Federal agencies are engaged with international partners on science and technology projects, there is a need to coordinate these projects across the Federal Government. Better collaboration with our partners will strengthen U.S. scientific activities and further promote the free exchange of ideas with other nations. Interagency coordination ensures that taxpayer dollars are used efficiently and that U.S. priorities are consistently addressed when working with our international partners on science and technology issues. 
Science and technology research addresses some of the major challenges that face our Nation, including public health, energy production, national security, and economic development. Coordinated international collaboration on scientific issues, which H.R. 1156 promotes, also will improve economic and national security and support U.S. foreign policy goals. 
for his continued hard work on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
International Science and Technology Cooperation Act, which I reintroduced earlier this year. 
the last Congress, passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support by a vote of 346–41. I am hopeful that we can do the same this week and then work to get this bill through the Senate and onto the President’s desk. 
cosponsoring this bill with me, and I thank Chairman SMITH and Ranking 
through the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and for getting it to the House floor. 
know no political boundaries. While the United States arguably has the most brilliant scientists in the world 
and has developed some of the greatest technology, no country has a monopoly on great minds in science and technology. So, if we want to advance science in ways that benefit Americans and the rest of the world, we need to encourage international collaboration. 
Improvements in areas such as energy security, infectious diseases, space exploration, telecommunications and the Internet, and many more are due, in part, to international cooperation, to the benefit of all nations involved. By collaborating with international partnerships on science, we also strengthen the U.S. scientific enterprise, which helps us get the best return on our research investment. 
In addition, international collaborations make possible research endeavors on a grander scale than the U.S. can accomplish on its own. For example, CERN, the U.S. Department of Energy, and the National Science Foundation signed a cooperative agreement 2 weeks ago expanding their collaboration on particle physics. Not only will this provide for our scientists to continue work at the highest energy accelerator in the world at CERN, it will also allow CERN to provide equipment to an upcoming neutrino experiment at Fermilab in Batavia, Illinois. 
CERN was the site of one of the most 
significant technological advances that impacts us every day. At CERN in 1989, Tim BernersLee was working on the problem of allowing international researchers to see data instantaneously around the globe. The solution that was developed was the World Wide Web, which has completely transformed the way we communicate and get information today. 
like this possible. It requires the National Science and Technology Council at the White House to continue to maintain a working group to coordinate the U.S. interagency strategy for international science and technology cooperation. Many Federal agencies already work with international counterparts on scientific and technological issues, but, until recently, there was no coordinating body to identify new partnerships and to fully leverage existing collaborations. 
find ways to collaborate with other countries on scientific discoveries that push the boundaries of knowledge and improve our lives. This bill will do that. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
for his support on this. As I said, we have passed this bill before with wide bipartisan support. I am very hopeful we can do that again today. 
critical to doing more than we alone can do. We have, arguably, the best researchers in the world, producing the most advanced technology, but in working together with others, we can do even more than we have. The impact that it can have on the everyday lives 
of Americans is tremendous, so I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1156, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the establishment or designation of a working group under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportunities.’’. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1561) to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
In accordance with NOAA’s critical mission to provide science, service, and stewardship, the Under Secretary shall prioritize weather research, across all weather programs, to improve weather data, forecasts, and warnings for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy. 
2, including the boundary layer and other atmospheric processes affecting high impact weather events. 
public receives, interprets, and responds to warnings and forecasts of high impact weather events that endanger life and property. 
of knowledge, technologies, and applications to the NWS and other appropriate agencies and entities, including the American weather industry and academic partners, related to— 
systems and forecasting tools and techniques that improve the forecasting of timing, track, intensity, and severity of high impact weather, including through— 
out jointly and in coordination with the Assistant Administrator for NWS, and in cooperation with the American weather industry and academic partners, to ensure continuous development and transition of the latest scientific and technological advances into NWS operations and to establish a process to sunset outdated and expensive operational methods and tools to enable costeffective transfer of new methods and tools into operations. 
transmit to Congress annually, concurrently with NOAA’s budget request, a description of current and planned activities under this section. 
collaboration with the American weather industry and academic partners, shall establish a tornado warning improvement and extension program. 
be to reduce the loss of life and economic losses from tornadoes through the development and extension of accurate, effective, and timely tornado forecasts, predictions, and warnings, including the prediction of tornadoes beyond one hour in advance. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in coordination with the Assistant Administrator for NWS, shall develop a program plan that details the specific research, development, and technology transfer activities, as well as corresponding resources and timelines, necessary to achieve the program goal. 
collaboration with the American weather industry and academic partners, shall maintain the Hurricane Forecast Improvement Program (HFIP). 
be to develop and extend accurate hurricane forecasts and warnings in order to reduce loss of life, injury, and damage to the economy. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in consultation with the Assistant Administrator for NWS, shall develop a program plan that details the specific research, development, and technology transfer activities, as well as corresponding resources and timelines, necessary to achieve the program goal. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Under Secretary, acting through the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in coordination with the Assistant Administrators for NWS and NESDIS, shall issue a research and development and research to operations plan to restore and maintain United States leadership in numerical weather prediction and forecasting that— 
the National Science Foundation, American weather industry, and academic partners, research necessary to enhance the integration of social science knowledge into weather 
forecast and warning processes, including to improve the communication of threat information necessary to enable improved severe weather planning and decisionmaking on the part of individuals and communities. 
of observation data requirements necessary to ensure weather forecasting capabilities to protect life and property to the maximum extent practicable; 
other appropriate entities within NOAA, other Federal agencies, the American weather industry, and academic partners to ensure the technical and scientific merit of OSSE results. 
costs of various observing systems and combinations of observing systems in providing data necessary to protect life and property. 
of any major new commercially provided data with a lifecycle cost of more than $500,000,000. 
RADIO OCCULTATION .—Not later than December 31, 2015, the Assistant Administrator for OAR shall complete an OSSE to assess the value of data from Global Navigation Satellite System Radio Occultation. 
December 31, 2016, the Assistant Administrator for OAR shall complete an OSSE to assess the value of data from a geostationary hyperspectral sounder global constellation. 
OSSEs, results shall be publicly released and accompanied by an assessment of related private and public sector weather data sourcing options, including their availability, affordability, and cost effectiveness. Such assessments shall be developed in accordance with section 50503 of title 51, United States Code. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Under Secretary, acting through the NOAA Chief Information Officer, in coordination with the Assistant Administrator for OAR and the Assistant Administrator for NWS, shall produce and make publicly available a report that explains how NOAA intends to— 
the fastest, most powerful, and cost effective high performance computing technologies in support of its weather prediction mission; 
to operations requirements to develop the next generation of regional and global models as well as highly reliable operational models; 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This prohibition shall not extend to— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Under Secretary, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategy to enable the procurement of quality commercial weather data. The strategy shall assess the range of commercial opportunities, including publicprivate partnerships, for obtaining surfacebased, aviationbased, and spacebased weather observations. The strategy shall include the expected cost effectiveness of these opportunities as well as provide a plan for procuring data, including an expected implementation timeline, from these nongovernmental sources, as appropriate. 
planning, programming, budgeting, and execution challenges to such approaches, including— 
commercial experimental or innovative techniques and then evaluated for integration 
forecastcritical data to ensure that the American weather industry and the public continue to have access to information critical to their work; and 
title 51, United States Code, methods to address potential termination liability or cancellation costs associated with weather data or service contracts; and 
in the requirements development and approval processes of the Department of Commerce to facilitate effective and efficient implementation of such strategy. 
2015, NOAA shall publish data standards and specifications for spacebased commercial weather data. 
2016, NOAA shall, through an open competition, enter into at least one pilot contract with a private sector entity capable of providing data that meet the standards and specifications set by NOAA to provide commercial weather data in a manner that allows NOAA to calibrate and evaluate the data. 
to the extent feasible, obtain commercial weather data from private sector providers. 
There are authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available for procurement, acquisition, and construction at NESDIS, $9,000,000 for carrying out this subsection. 
Advisory Board shall continue to maintain a standing working group named the Environmental Information Services Working Group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Working Group’’) to— 
research initiatives at NOAA to produce real improvement in weather forecasting; 
technologies or techniques that can be found in private industry or the research community that could be incorporated into forecasting at NWS to improve forecasting skill; 
be composed of leading experts and innovators from all relevant fields of science and engineering including atmospheric chemistry, atmospheric physics, meteorology, hydrology, social science, risk communications, electrical engineering, and computer sciences. In carrying out this section, the Working Group may organize into 
composed of no fewer than 15 members. Nominees for the Working Group may be forwarded by the Working Group for approval by the Science Advisory Board. Members of the Working Group may choose a chair (or cochairs) from among their number with approval by the Science Advisory Board. 
shall transmit annually to the Science Advisory Board for submission to the Under Secretary a report on progress made by NOAA in adopting the Working Group’s recommendations. The Science Advisory Board shall transmit this report to the Under Secretary. Within 30 days of receipt of such report, the Under Secretary shall transmit it to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish an Interagency Committee for Advancing Weather Services to improve coordination of relevant weather research and forecast innovation activities across the Federal Government. The Interagency Committee shall— 
Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Federal Aviation Administration, NOAA and its constituent elements, the National Science Foundation, and such other agencies involved in weather forecasting research as the President determines are appropriate; 
needs and coordinate those needs against budget requests and program initiatives across participating offices and agencies; and 
Meteorology shall serve as a cochair of this panel. 
shall take such other steps as are necessary to coordinate the activities of the Federal Government with those of the American weather industry, State governments, emergency managers, and academic researchers. 
enhance forecasting innovation through regular, direct interaction between OAR’s worldclass scientists and NWS’s operational staff. 
to 10 OAR staff and NWS staff to spend up to 1 year on detail. Candidates shall be jointly selected by the Assistant Administrator for OAR and the Assistant Administrator for NWS. 
to provide direct interaction between forecasters and talented academic and private sector researchers in an effort to bring innovation to forecasting tools and techniques available to the NWS. 
award shall be made annually by the Weather Field Offices to the Assistant Administrator for NWS. Broadcast meteorologists, weather radio manufacturers and weather warning tool and application developers, emergency managers and public safety officials may nominate individuals and/or organizations to their local Weather Field Offices, but the final list of award nominees must come from the Weather Field Offices. 
Assistant Administrator for NWS shall choose winners of this award whose timely actions, based on NOAA weather radio all hazards receivers or transmitters or other early warning tools and applications, saved lives and/or property or demonstrated public service in support of weather or all hazard warnings. 
Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. 
of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, there are authorized to be appropriated to OAR— 
authorized to carry out this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1561, the bill now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), 
who is the vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the sponsor of this legislation. 
thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman SMITH, for his continued 
leadership on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015, prioritizes the protection of life and property at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by focusing research and computing resources on improving weather forecasting, quantitative observing data planning, Next Generation modeling, and an emphasis on research to operations technology transfer. 
that severe weather greatly affects large parts of the country, and as a Representative from Oklahoma, I understand the need for improvement firsthand. In 2013, the deadly storms in my home State were a stark reminder that we can do better to predict severe weather events and provide longer lead times to protect Americans in harm’s way. 
dedicated tornado warning improvement Program. The goal of this program is to reduce the loss from tornadoes by advancing the understanding of fundamental meteorological science, allowing detection and notifications that are more accurate, effective, and timely. Constituents in my home State will 
benefit greatly from longer tornado warning lead times, which will save lives and better protect property. H.R. 1561 makes clear that NOAA will prioritize weather research and protect lives and property through a focused, affordable, attainable, and forward looking research plan at the agency’s research office. 
This bill also helps encourage innovation and new capacities developed through NOAA’s Weather Research Program, like creating a joint technology transfer from the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research. This transfer is essential to get new forecasting models and technologies out of the research side of NOAA and into our operational forecast. 
plans to restore our country’s leadership in weather forecasting. It is no secret that many people in our weather community are distraught that our forecasting capacities have deteriorated in recent years. While other countries are making great strides in weather advancements, Americans are paying the price for lost leadership with their lives and their wallets. This is another reminder that we can do better. 
consider new commercial data and private sector solutions to further enhance our weather forecasting capacities. This legislation includes a pilot program which will provide NOAA a clear and credible demonstration of the valuable data from commercial technologies available today. 
This legislation is substantially similar to last year’s bipartisan Weather Forecasting Improvement Act, which passed the House by a voice vote. The bill before us today updates authorization numbers to reflect current spending levels, adjusts dates to reflect current operating status, and incorporates minor additions and technical changes to improve the bill’s clarity and intent. 
This legislation is the result of a bipartisan agreement last year and again this year. I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ), the Subcommittee on 
Environment chairman, for his active leadership on this issue in the last Congress and for getting us here today. 
member of the Subcommittee on Environment, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ), for her efforts in 
crafting a bipartisan agreement and joining in this most worthwhile initiative to save American lives and property through better weather forecasting. 
Forecasting Innovation Act has received numerous letters of support which I would like to mention, including letters from Utah State University, Space Environment Technologies, Metro Weather, Utah Science Technology and Research Initiative. 
Once again, it is a good bill. It has 
been worked on diligently. We need to pass it. 
Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015. This bill, introduced by my friend, Mr. LUCAS , builds 
on the work that subcommittee chairman Mr. BRIDENSTINE and former subcommittee chairman Mr. S TEWART and 
result of a truly bipartisan effort with extensive discussions and negotiations across the aisle. Although the bill is not perfect, it is a good bill and a better bill than the one that passed in the last Congress, and I ask all my colleagues to support it. 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has many important tasks at the cutting edge of science and service. The agency’s responsibilities for weather forecasting are critical to our country. 
NOAA and its dedicated employees. They are a committed workforce, responsible for keeping our communities safe during inclement weather. 
severe weather events, there can and should be improvements in weather forecasting. For example, forecasts can be more precise regarding what will happen and when. Forecasts can provide more lead time, especially of severe weather events, to allow people to prepare. Forecast information can be communicated more effectively to the public and those in harm’s way so we can reduce the loss of life and property. 
that NOAA achieves these important goals. H.R. 1561 draws upon the model of innovation used by the military services where researchers work hand in hand with those on the front lines to develop innovations that have real world practical returns. 
NOAA, the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, more effectively with the forecasting needs of the National Weather Service. The bill contains several provisions that will improve interactions and information sharing between OAR and NWS. It also establishes new ways for NOAA to hear from and work with the broader research and private weather communities. 
NOAA is not the only agency that researches weather or has responsibility for communicating forecast information, so the bill establishes interagency coordination, through the Office of Science and Technology Policy, across the agencies that have these responsibilities. This coordination will leverage our limited resources and more rapidly spread the adoption of best tools and practices across agencies. 
forecasts in the world will not fully serve the public’s needs unless we have an effective communications system. 
The bill directs NOAA to do more research, listen to experts, and improve its risk communication techniques. The bill also reestablishes a program that allows NOAA to make awards to people who save the lives of others through reliance on NOAA’s Weather Radio All Hazards program. 
This bill also establishes a pilot program at NOAA to look to the commercial sector for weather forecasting data. This is an overdue effort to ensure that Federal dollars are spent effectively and leveraged appropriately. 
to run simulations of the effect of different configurations of instruments and datasets on forecasting accuracy so the agency can look at the benefits and costs of different arrays of sensors. It is important to make sure that these requirements are not too prescriptive so that NOAA is able to use the most efficient, accurate, and costeffective model for the situation. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on how we can make these provisions work well. 
will bring about advances that result in better development and deployment of forecast innovations and technology. Importantly, most of these changes are coming at little or no cost. The bill is focused on changes to internal processes rather than simply spending more money. To the degree that the bill does expand the agency’s authorization for weather research, it is done in line with anticipated needs in this area. 
on both sides of the aisle for their input and support. I am particularly grateful to Ms. JOHNSON for her support 
during negotiations as well as Mr. LUCAS and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . Also, I 
want to thank the hardworking staff on both sides of the aisle for their efforts to keep coming back to the table and helping to move this forward. 
letters of support for H.R. 1561 from more than 20 different organizations, including the Weather Coalition; the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, which represents more than 100 research institutions; the Global Weather Corporation; the American Weather and Climate Industry Association; the American Commercial Space Weather Association; and many others. Additionally, we received letters of support from a number 
of individuals who serve on the Environmental Information Services Working Group, which is one of NOAA’s scientific advisory bodies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to first thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her work on this bill. She has been a strong advocate and an initiator on the benefits that this bill does promote. 
may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ), the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Environment of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
would like to just echo the comments of my colleague from Oklahoma, the vice chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Mr. LUCAS , and of course the ranking member, Ms. B ONAMICI . I think your summation of this bill is right on target. 
that H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act, is the very first step in what will lead us to a day when we have zero deaths from tornadoes. I want to repeat that. This is the very first step of what is necessary to move us to a day where we have zero deaths from tornadoes. Those of us from the great State of Oklahoma understand this all too well. 
LUCAS , and the Subcommittee on Environment Ranking Member B ONAMICI for 
their tireless efforts to see this bipartisan legislation move forward. 
sector for spacebased weather data and aviationbased weather data has voiced its support for this legislation. I would like to mention letters to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology from PlanetiQ, Tempus Global Data, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, GeoOptics, and Spire Global. 
laid by my Housepassed Weather Forecasting Improvement Act from last Congress and directs NOAA to prioritize activities that will save lives and protect property. This is critically important to my State, which is in the heart of Tornado Alley. 
weekend. Saturday night, about midnight, all of the tornado sirens started going off. My wife and I got up. We got our kids out of bed. We brought them downstairs. We set up their beds in my closet. My wife and I turned on the TV, and we surfed the Internet trying to find out where the tornadoes were and where they were touching down. 
sure my experience this weekend, which is not unique to this weekend, is also an experience by many of my constituents and others throughout the State of Oklahoma. We must do all we can to improve our ability to predict the weather. 
more accurate and timely warnings for not only tornadoes, but also hurricanes and other highimpact weather events. It calls on NOAA to develop a plan to regain and maintain our forecasting capabilities that are second to none in the world because right now we, unfortunately, are lagging behind our counterparts in Europe, the U.K., and Canada. The bill encourages better cooperation across NOAA offices and enhances collaboration with universities such as the University of Oklahoma, 
of a new section in this year’s version that we have worked closely with industry, NOAA, and other Members of Congress to include. H.R. 1561 authorizes a pilot program for NOAA to purchase commercial spacebased weather data and test it against NOAA’s proprietary data. It also calls on NOAA to publish standards it expects from any purchased data from the commercial sector. 
to be a major paradigm shift provision. This is the first step towards changing the business model. I believe we need to change the business model, moving to a day where the government does not purchase, own, and operate huge monolithic billiondollar satellites but, rather, utilizes the innovation of the private sector to provide the data necessary to feed our data assimilation systems and our numerical weather models. 
focus its resources on the research and development necessary to improve our modeling capabilities, computing capacity, and warning lead times outlined in this legislation. 
come a time when there will be zero deaths from tornados. I think this bill will help us implement the necessary steps to get there. 
on the Science Committee for all their hard work, and I look forward to working with our counterparts in the Senate to move this legislation to the President’s desk. 
I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time 
H.R. 1561 has received overwhelming support from the weather enterprise and industry. I would like to mention letters of support from AccuWeather, The Weather Company, Science and Technology Corporation, and Carmel Research Center as well. 
RECORD a full list of the 25 letters of 
Weather Association, Atmospheric & Space Technology Research Associates, American Weather and Climate Industry Association, Carmel Research Center, GeoOptics, Global Weather Corporation, MetraWeather, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, Planet IQ. 
Global, Science Technology Corporation, Tempus Global Data, The Weather Company, University Corporation of Atmospheric Research, Utah Science Technology and Research Initiative, Utah State University, Weather Coalition, Weather Decision Technologies. 
Raytheon, Waren Qualley—Harris, Jean Vieux—Vieux Hydrology, Julie Winkler— Michigan State University. 
have no other request for time, but I just want to thank the three original cosponsors we have on the floor tonight—Mr. LUCAS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, let me 
say, again, that this is a good bill that will improve weather forecasting innovation and services. 
in this legislation? The public will be safer because of more timely and more accurate forecasts that will protect lives and property. We will also be growing our economy and creating jobs through this bill. 
variations in weather can produce billions of dollars in reduced U.S. gross domestic product. With stakes that large, we owe it to our Nation to improve weather forecasting. 
support NOAA and to drive needed change in how we harness research to forecasting needs. 
leaders in the research community and the private weather sector who provided advice to the committee as we worked on this bill. I also want to extend my appreciation to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, Dr. Kathy Sullivan, for her cooperation and advice. 
I will continue working with my colleagues across the aisle and in the other body until we have a good, final bill. Again, I thank my cosponsors, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015. 
that getting to where we are today was not easy. This is an update to a bill the House passed two years ago, and we have spent several months in this Congress negotiating over how to rework that legislation. 
really driven this process forward. Today’s bill is a testament to their dedication and represents one very positive step forward on the long and continuous road to improving the American weather forecasting system. 
dangerous weather events of any country. From my home state of Texas, all the way to Maine, hurricanes and tropical storms annually batter our coasts. Likewise, the central portions of our country, from Texas to Illinois are 
the most tornado prone areas in the entire world. 
last few weeks is pick up a newspaper or turn on the television to see the true impact tornadoes can have on American families. To help our citizens cope with these potentially devastating events, we need to have the very best weather forecasting and warning capabilities. 
The National Weather Service and the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research at 
NOAA play a central role in protecting the lives and property of every American. 
innovation and the transition of cuttingedge weather research into essential weather forecasting tools and products. 
breaking down the barriers that exist between the weather research community, our nation’s forecasters, and the privatesector weather enterprise. Improving collaboration and cooperation within NOAA, but also between the agency and the broader weather community will extend the accuracy and timing of our weather predictions. Such improvements will ultimately save lives and make our communities safer. 
Mr. Speaker, the weather is a central part of 
everyday life and resiliency to severe weather events is an important part of strengthening the nation’s economic security. H.R. 1561 will advance our weather forecasting capabilities and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. 
Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015,’’ will greatly improve our severe weather forecasting capabilities. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. LUCAS , the Vice Chairman 
Severe weather routinely affects large portions of the United States. This year we already have seen the devastating effects of tornados across our country, especially in Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Kansas, Alabama, and Mississippi among other states. 
weather underscore our need for a worldclass weather prediction system that helps protect American lives and property. 
severe weather forecasting. European weather models routinely predict America’s weather better than we do. We need to make up for lost ground. 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA’s) research agency. This will improve forecasts and warnings. 
commercial data and private sector weather solutions through a corrimercial weather data pilot project. 
tornadoes and hurricanes. And it creates a joint technology transfer fund in NOAA’s Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research to help speed technologies developed through NOAA’s weather research into operation. 
of great importance to protecting the public from injury and loss of property. 
In addition to Mr. LUCAS , I also want to 
thank the Chairman of the Environment Subcommittee, the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , and the Environment Subcommittee Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. BONAMICI , for their sponsorship of this bipartisan bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1561, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY LABORATORY MODERNIZATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1158) to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facilitate publicprivate partnerships, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015’’. 
made by this Act abrogates or otherwise affects the primary responsibilities of any National Laboratory to the Department. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of 
changes and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the 
Secretary should encourage the National Laboratories and federally funded research and development centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this Act. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report assessing the Department’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and nonlight water reactor prototypes and related demonstration facilities at Departmentowned sites. For purposes of this report, the Secretary shall consider the Department’s capabilities to facilitate privatelyfunded prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output. The report shall address the following: 
physical security, decommissioning, liability, and other longterm project costs. 
out the Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program of the Department, as announced by the Secretary on December 8, 2011, in accordance with this section. 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘BayhDole Act’’) shall apply if— 
(as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual report that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, nonFederal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
appropriate by the Secretary, in collaboration with the directors of the National Laboratories. 
affected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall carry out an agreement under this section in accordance with applicable policies of the Department, including by ensuring that the agreement does not compromise any national security, economic, or environmental interest of the United States. 
days of entering an agreement under this section, the director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary for monitoring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. 
apply to any agreement with a majority foreignowned company. 
the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— 
directors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out earlystage and precommercial technology demonstration activities to remove technology barriers that limit private sector interest and demonstrate potential commercial applications of any research and technologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
The Secretary may enter into an agreement with the Director of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. TITLE III—ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report— 
those projects and the potential linkages presented by those partnerships with respect to national priorities and other taxpayer funded research; and 
the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) each will control 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1158, the bill now under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, enables the Department of Energy to better form partnerships with non Federal entities and transfer research to the private sector. 
Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) for his initiative on this issue and the gentleman from Colorado, Representative ED 
PERLMUTTER , for cosponsoring this important piece of legislation as well. 
may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), the sponsor of 
I get started, we also have several letters of support on this that I would submit for the RECORD . One is from the 
Bipartisan Policy Center on behalf of the American Energy Innovation Council; another is from Third Way. They support this bill. The final one is from the American Nuclear Society. 
Innovation Council (AEIC), we write to urge the prompt consideration of H.R. 1158 Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act. Similar legislation (H.R. 5120) easily passed the House during the last Congress. The bill enjoys strong bipartisan support and was co 
sponsored by both Chairman Lamar Smith (RTX) and Ranking Member Eddie Bernice Johnson (DTX) of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. 
The AEIC is a group of America’s top business executives who came together starting in 2010 to recommend ways to promote American innovation in clean energy technology. We are united in our belief that technology innovation—especially in energy—is at the heart of many of the central economic, national security, competitiveness, and environmental challenges facing our nation. We believe strong support for robust, public investments in energy innovation is critical to a vibrant American economy. 
flexibility to enter into more effective partnerships with businesses and universities, particularly with respect to earlystage technology demonstration. We anticipate that H.R. 1158 will unlock more private investment in clean energy technology R&D, and we endorse this bill. 
smart investment for America’s future. We look forward to working with you to once again secure House passage of this important legislation. 
DEAR CONGRESSMAN HULTGREN AND CONGRESSMAN PERLMUTTER , we write in support 
of H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy (DOE) Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. It is critical that the United States maximizes the ability of our national labs to partner with the private sector to develop and commercialize new energy technologies, particularly around advanced nuclear power. Your bipartisan bill, which has been approved by the Committee and sent to the House, will begin a vital assessment of the labs’ capabilities and offer ways to get the best return on taxpayers’ investment in energy innovation. 
increasing global energy demand and the need to dramatically reduce carbon emissions. That’s why Third Way strongly believes that the development of advanced nuclear reactors is critical. With dozens of reactor projects underway in the United States, this country has the opportunity to 
create enormous economic, national security, and environmental benefits if we can provide the right platform for private companies to develop and commercialize these advanced nuclear technologies. Publicprivate partnerships of the type envisioned in your legislation can help industry to transcend some of the technological and regulatory barriers it faces and bring this promising energy source to market 
We applaud your leadership in the sponsorship of this bill. There is pentup demand in the private sector to work with the national labs to develop innovative advanced nuclear, carbon capture, and other energy solutions. H.R. 1158 is a very important step to ensure that happens. We look forward to supporting it as it moves through the House and Senate. 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space & Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
JOHNSON : I write on behalf of the 11,000 members of the American Nuclear Society to express our support for H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. 
intellectual assets of our national laboratories through broader technology commercialization and publicprivate partnership initiatives. We are especially grateful for Section 104 which directs the Department of Energy to assess its ability to ‘‘incubate’’ 
privatelyfunded advanced research and test reactor prototypes at national laboratories. 
engagement in advanced, nonlight water nuclear research and development. It is becoming increasingly clear that the U.S. and the world will need to significantly expand its nuclear generating capacity in the coming decades to address growing energy demands while reducing harmful emissions. 
Historically, the U.S. led the world in developing new reactor technology. However, several other nations, including Russia and China, have moved aggressively to develop socalled Generation IV reactors which offer distinct advantages over their light water counterparts. As such, the U.S. must recommit itself to improving its advanced reactor technology portfolio in order to maintain its influence over global nuclear safety and nonproliferation norms. This legislation, if enacted, would provide needed support toward that objective. 
to thank the distinguished chairman, Mr. SMITH, as well as the gentleman 
helping bring this legislation to the floor again this Congress. 
Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act, ensures that the Department of Energy has the tools it needs to allow new startups, small businesses, universities, and the general public at large to do what they do best: react to market signals and innovate. The Federal Government and the national labs play a vital role doing the basic research needed to maintain America’s position as a safe and innovative nation. Their ability to build large research tools at our user facilities is the crown jewel in our Nation’s research capabilities. This is the model other nations, like China, are copying. 
Far too often, however, the discoveries made in our labs get stuck in the labs. This is due to a number of reasons, and this bill seeks to break down some of the barriers that make this happen. 
Many of these problems are also outlined in chapter three of the ‘‘Interim Report of the Commission to Review the Effectiveness of the National Energy Laboratories.’’ 
prior studies and reports published over the past 40 years detail shortcomings in the relationship between the DOE and its laboratories.’’ 
They present a strikingly consistent pattern of criticism and recommendations for improvement. 
many of these prior reports, and this bill attempts to act on a few of these consistent, noncontroversial recommendations. 
By extending the pilot for ACT agreements within DOE, the labs are given the ability to negotiate more flexible contracts with nonFederal entities that would like to take the labs’ research and turn it into viable products. 
Section 201 in the bill also allows researchers using Federal funds to enter into these agreements, so long as any Federal funds are used exclusively for their intended research purposes. 
to chip away at what many call the valley of death, what many startups never make it through because they cannot prove their concept. 
their tech transfer funds for early stage, precommercial proof of concept demonstrations so the private sector can finally pick up technologies and develop them with private funds. This legislation would also grant to the directors of national labs the signature authority for many agreements with nonFederal entities. 
These are decisions that the Secretary of Energy must make under current law, meaning decisions a lab director can make over a phone call in the course of a day must weave their way through the agency’s bureaucracy before it lands on the Secretary’s desk. 
Department’s relationship with small businesses that can take part in the SBIR–STTR program, and it encourages the Secretary to enter into agreement with the I–Corps program at NSF. 
begun a similar pilot, called Lab Corps, I am worried that this pilot housed in EERE is so narrow in focus that it will 
advancement. An accelerator technology being developed for medical treatments, for instance, would not be able to access the current pilot. 
also require DOE to undertake an honest assessment of its capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee prototype reactors at DOE sites. This is a critical issue for the United States’ position as a nuclear technology leader. The United States has not hosted a new research reactor in decades, and there are not any current applications under review at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
so risk averse that we have regulated ourselves out of business for building the concept reactors that might some day lead to commercially deployable, safer, and more efficient nuclear technologies. We are driving companies overseas. I look forward to seeing the results of this report from DOE. 
cutting edge of technological development, and we must always ensure that it is in the national interest. This bill helps to ensure that is the case because a discovery lost in the labs is a discovery wasted. 
That is why I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. 
1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. 
both sides of the aisle for working together to produce a strong bipartisan bill. I would like to thank Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON  
for getting this bill through committee and to the floor here tonight. 
for some of the greatest research being conducted in the world, both basic and applied. Some of this research has great potential to become new commercial technologies if our labs provide the type of support that increases the likelihood of technology transfer. 
impacts for our Nation, not just in new technologies, but by making the most 
of our investments at these labs. That is why improving technology transfer from American research facilities, both national labs and universities, has been one of my top priorities on the Science Committee for the past decade. 
labs have the resources needed to facilitate the transfer of new technologies to the private sector. It greatly increases the breadth of companies that are eligible to engage in a new pilot program that provides for more flexible partnerships, similar to those in the private sector, and lengthens the program for 2 years. This was an important issue that came up at a hearing 2 years ago, and I am happy that we are getting that done in this bill. This bill also empowers labs to utilize technology transfer funds on projects that demonstrate commercial applications for their research and technologies, and it asks the Department of Energy for a report on activities related to the congressionally mandated technology commercialization fund which the Department is implementing through the newly formed Office of Technology Transitions. 
about past use of this fund, and so I am pleased by the recent actions of DOE in the direction of the TCF at this time. This bill has impacts beyond labs as well. It would significantly decrease financial obstacles that prevent nonprofit research organizations, including many universities, from working with the Department. 
wrote that would make the National Science Foundation’s highly successful Innovation Corps Program, which pairs up grant recipients with motivated entrepreneurs to help get their ideas in the commercial arena, available to the DOE through a partnership with the NSF. 
Finally, the bill ensures that effective reporting and accountability systems are in place so we are able to clearly determine the performance of these new tools, as well as any further steps that will need to be taken. 
have come out of DOE’s national laboratories and research programs are second to none. Argonne National Lab, which is located in my district, is one of the best. 
All these federally funded institutions and initiatives have been a critical component of our knowledgebased economy, and this bill will ensure that they not only continue, but they improve their incredible track record. 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
have no other requests for time on this, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). 
his work on this bill and for yielding me this time. 
Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act. I want to thank my friend from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) for sponsoring this bill and working with me and our colleagues on this important piece of legislation. 
spur and accelerate the transfer of new technologies developed at our national labs. It extends the Agreements for Commercializing Technology, or ACT, pilot program for 2 more years and also significantly broadens the range of companies able to participate in the 
technology to transfer funds for activities which identify and demonstrate commercial opportunities for their research and technologies. 
which currently prevent many universities and other nonprofit research institutions from working with the Department of Energy. This will encourage further collaboration between university researchers across the country and our wealth of knowledge at the national labs. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent Golden, Colorado, and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Quite simply, NREL is the premier energy efficiency and renewable energy lab in the world. For more than 40 years, NREL has led the charge in research and design of renewable energy products directly affecting the way we utilize and secure American energy. 
NREL with important tools so they can best lead our country’s research on renewable and sustainable forms of energy and transportation and, ultimately, bring these lifechanging innovations to consumers. I have seen the great work being done at NREL, and I know this great work is happening at other national labs all across the country. 
for commercializing technology with the Wells Fargo Foundation to utilize NREL and other DOE national labs to further research in energyefficient buildingsrelated technologies, and this bill allows that agreement to be extended for at least 2 more years. 
research programs have been the birthplace to some of our most revolutionary technologies. When this research is harnessed by entrepreneurs and business leaders, startups with one or two employees can grow into companies employing dozens, if not hundreds, of people. 
funded institutions and initiatives remain an important foundation of our knowledgebased economy. That is why I am proud to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), giving scientists and researchers in both the public and private sector tools and freedom they need to unlock a new wave of innovation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
for entrepreneurs to more easily access technologies coming out of the Department of Energy and connect the brilliant minds to the equally brilliant 
of the industries and technologies that now drive our national wealth—the most earthshattering example, the Internet, developed by government scientists at DARPA. 
and semiconductor industries; gave us tools like the laser, GPS, and MRI; and, through the World Wide Web and the Internet, has entirely changed the way we find a restaurant, talk to our children, and sell cars. 
The role of the private sector in developing technology is vital, and government must lead the way in innovation, providing the patient capital necessary to perform research without any known commercial application or concern for profit. 
that mathematicians who develop things in their heads, in their offices, with no application to anything, so often, within weeks, will find that that mathematical new idea applies to real life situations. 
pure mathematics, and he said, ‘‘How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought which is independent of experience, is so admirably appropriate to the objects of reality?’’ 
described this problem as ‘‘the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics.’’ 
H.R. 1158 helps bring these pieces together, mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, and technology; and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
bill we are debating right now, I just wanted to thank Chairman SMITH for 
his work on this, along with Ranking Member JOHNSON . Working together, 
we were able to get these bills done here on the floor tonight. 
little bit more of a contentious debate on a bill coming out of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee; but I just wanted to, again, commend the chairman and Ranking Member JOHNSON for our work together on these 
that we can get done and we need to get done and will be very helpful to our Nation, and I am glad that we were able to do those things on these bills that we have brought forward here tonight, a good bipartisan mix of bills showing bipartisan cooperation. 
asking my colleagues to support H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act. I want to thank Mr. HULTGREN and 
bill. I think there are many things that we can’t even see right now that will come out of this, but I am certain that our national labs and the great value that they are to our Nation will continue, and this will allow them to continue to not only do their research, but to do an even better job of producing new technologies that will be a great 
1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, enables the Department of Energy (DOE) to better form partnerships with non federal entities and transfer research to the private sector. 
issue, and the gentleman from Colorado, Rep. EDPERLMUTTER , for it cosponsoring this important legislation. 
federal supporter of basic research and development and sponsors 47 percent of federal basic research in the physical sciences. 
The Department’s science and energy research is conducted at over 300 sites nationwide. More than 31,000 researchers take advantage of DOE user facilities each year. 
Labs, which provide the foundation for the Department of Energy’s research and development infrastructure. 
global technological capabilities. They ensure that we continue to conduct critical research in high energy physics, advanced scientific computing, biological and environmental research, nuclear physics, fusion energy sciences, basic energy sciences, and applied energy research and development in fossil, nuclear and renewable energy. 
The innovative early stage research performed at the labs can have great value for the private sector, but often goes unnoticed. 
the labs and the private sector, ideas and technology are often slow to reach the market. And federal government red tape discourages the private sector from using the unique state oftheart facilities the national labs offer. 
This bill grants lab directors signature authority for agreements with private sector entities valued at less than $1 million. And it extends a pilot program that allows for more flexible contract terms between companies and lab operators. 
This bill also requires DOE to assess its capability to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion research and next generation fission reactor prototypes. 
Due to regulatory uncertainty from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the private sector currently has little incentive or ability to build reactor prototypes. 
This legislation represents a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to modernize and increase the productivity of the DOE national lab system. 
I again thank Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. P ERLMUTTER for their initiative on this issue and encourage my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1158, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2262, SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 880, AMERICAN RESEARCH AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 22, 2015, THROUGH MAY 29, 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–127) on the resolution (H. Res. 273) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–128) on the resolution (H. Res. 274) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
women of Virginia Task Force 1, a domestic and international disaster response resource sponsored by the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. 
I was honored to welcome these miracle workers home this past Saturday morning after their 3week deployment to Nepal. 
with USAID, is always at the ready to answer the call when tragedy or natural disaster strikes, either at home or abroad. Nepal was devastated by two major earthquakes, resulting in the loss of over 8,500 lives, and Virginia Task Force 1 was there to help. 
With their incredible skill and teamwork, they were able to rescue a 15 yearold boy trapped in the rubble for 5 days. When the second earthquake hit, they saved a 41yearold woman who was trapped in a fourstory building. They also medically treated countless others. 
When they returned home on Saturday morning, they were enthusiastically greeted by their relatives and families. Those families also endure countless hours of worry while their family members and loved ones are halfway around the world in unfamiliar and dangerous circumstances. 
Mr. Speaker, the Members of Virginia Task Force 1 are truly fabulous and wonderful ambassadors for the Commonwealth of Virginia and our country, and it is an honor and a privilege to thank them for their courageous service to the people of Nepal and to the work they do every day in our country. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
am going to do a budget presentation in a couple of moments, but I wanted to actually come up here and, with my good friend from South Carolina, MICK 
that popped up in The Economist last week, and there is the issue. 
but about 2 years ago, there were a handful of us coming here and talking about sort of an esoteric issue, something called—what is it—wheelchair lifts. 
areas, I am blessed to represent the community of Scottsdale, a wonderful area. I had one of my resort owners call me, and in a fairly gruff voice, saying: ‘‘David, do you know what the Justice Department is doing to me? I have seven pools and Jacuzzis, and apparently, I have to put permanent fixed wheelchair lifts at every pool and Jacuzzi.’’ 
caring to my mobilitychallenged guests.’’ He went on to tell me the story that 
for 10 years, he had had a portable wheelchair lift, and it had never been requested. Here we are, 2 years later. He has torn up his landscaping; he has put in the units. Guess what is now happening? 
now his insurance rates are starting to really bounce up because of unattractive nuisance. The very things MICK 
I would like to yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). Tell us the other side of 
thank you for the opportunity to talk about this a little bit without the pressures of the 2minute timer or a 3 minute timer, actually talk about something in detail for a change in this House because it merits the discussion. 
yours—they are not exactly the same. I am not from the resort part of South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD and Mr. R ICE 
get that. I am from the more rural inland part of the State; but we have got a lot of freeways and a lot of small businesses operating hotels, a lot of them owned by Asian Americans. 
I was approached by a group of Indian American hotel owners last year. These are folks, momandpop operations, that might own one hotel, they might own two. They told me the same story you just told about these pool lifts having to go in. 
the resorts, had the portable lifts, so if anybody ever asked for help getting into and out of a pool by themselves, they had the ability to do that. Of course, similar to your story, none of them had ever been asked. 
and said: You know what, we are going to require you, under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act, to put these fixed pool lifts in every single body of water that you have; so if you have a regular size pool, a kiddie pool, and a hot tub, that is three of these fixed lifts. 
small businesses who, as you mentioned, wanted to help folks who needed help in getting in and out of the pool, but just wanted to do it with a portable machine, as opposed to a standard machine. 
before. This is how we got rid of diving boards. This is why we don’t have any diving boards. 
attractive nuisance. Kids were jumping off of them and hurting themselves, so now that entire generation of Americans has grown up without diving boards. 
the next generation of Americans is going to grow up without swimming 
pools at hotels for the exact reason that you have just mentioned. 
things that children could climb up on and jump off of into the pool, and now the Department of Justice has required these hotel owners to come in and put the exact same thing back in. 
It is no longer a diving board. Now it 
is a mechanical chair. But to an 8year old, it looks like something to climb up and jump off of. So they were lamenting the fact not only that their business is going to be hurt but that part of the enjoyment of coming to the hotel would be gone and not available to their customers, and that eventually, you would see them start filling in their swimming pools. Unfortunately, I think that is the way that we are moving. 
But they also talked about something—and this is to the point of the article that you just mentioned, The Economist from April 25, which is that there was a private right of action in the regulations that came forward. And what this means, to folks who aren’t familiar with what that means, is that anybody can sue. In fact, in the United States of America, when anybody can sue, typically, anybody does sue. 
about one very, very energetic plaintiff who filed 529 lawsuits against small business owners at hotels throughout the southeast. In fact, in one particular period of time, they hit 50 hotels in a row shortly after the regulation became effective so that they could file their lawsuit against the hotel owners. 
I will read one of my favorite passages in the article, which is something that should be enlightening for all of us: ‘‘There is evidence that lawyers explicitly target small businesses, which are more likely to pay up without a fight.’’ 
done in the name of helping people whom folks were already trying to help. But in the name of having the government tell small business and large business how to help people, what do we end up with? Essentially a jobs bill for the plaintiff’s bar. 
Before we started today, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) 
and I were talking about why we were going to take a few minutes to talk about this. 
Barney Frank, said before he left: ‘‘Everybody always says, ‘I hate to say I told you so,’ but the truth of the matter is, people love saying, ‘I told you 
happen. And why the Department of Justice saw fit to single out small business hoteliers who were already trying to help people and say, You know what, we know better than you how to help people. You think these portable units are good? Well, we think the fixed units are better. And trust us because we are from the government, and we are here to help you. 
What do we end up with as a result of 
the government trying to fix the problem? We end up with small businesses making less money. And I know not a lot of people are sympathetic to that. I certainly am. I used to be a smallbusiness person. And believe me, the people who worked for me liked it when I made money. So did I. But I recognize the fact that a lot of people are not sympathetic to small business. But small business makes less money. 
swimming pools as they travel the country. Think about that for a second. How absurd is that, that we are going to end up filling in swimming pools in order to prevent lawsuits. 
will end up with a situation where all we have done is empower a small group of overzealous trial lawyers and their plaintiffs. 
It is a sad story but one that we hear 
again and again in America. And I only hope that the next time the government comes up with an idea like this on how to fix things, they will look to what is happening now to the small business hotel owners as an example of 
and I having this conversation on the floor and particularly Members from the left coming to the microphone and basically scolding me on how insensitive I was. 
have been right about something. He said: ‘‘It is almost always about the money.’’ 
When you look at The Economist article, you start to realize that this was a jobs act for the Democrat supporters and the trial bar because they are running up and down our communities, suing small businesses. 
And I believe you are absolutely correct: our future will be hotels and resorts without pools at all. 
Once again, the folks in the opposition questioned our sensitivity, our love for our brothers and sisters. And we were trying to say, This is the economic argument, and here is the litigious argument. And we lost. 
into the trial bar, and now we do have the ‘‘I told you so.’’ 
fact, being insensitive: you were being insensitive to the trial bar. 
same experience as you did, Mr. SCHWEIKERT . I was in the Longworth 
House Office Building a couple years back. You and I wrote a bill together to try to either delay or prevent the DOJ from putting this regulation into effect, and we had people literally protesting outside of our office, folks from the disability community who wanted this particular accommodation. And I am completely sympathetic to that. 
What I think they failed to see at the 
time and failed to grasp was, number one, they were already being accommodated. My guess is that 99.9 percent of 
the people who came to protest had never asked to use one of these portable lifts at hoteliers, so they were not aware of the fact that they were there but, at the same time, they never gave any thought to the unintended consequences of this particular piece of regulation that the DOJ promulgated. And I think that, again, is a lesson to be learned. 
give you everything that you want is big enough to take from you everything that you have. And this, in a very small way, is what we saw in the promulgation of this particular regulation. 
world starting to charge higher and higher and higher fees for apartments, hotels, resorts that have these lifts, these permanent platforms. It is because they are already modeling the risk that someone—hopefully not with alcohol involved—but someone is going to crawl up on top of one and jump in. The same litigation profile that removed diving boards 20, 30 years ago, the other side basically has driven us to. And they are going to be our brothers and sisters out there. There are going to be some that are going to be hurt, maybe hurt severely, and ultimately, what is our future? The removal of the swimming pools. 
the left that weren’t willing to discuss rational economics and the DOJ, once again, for making a bunch of money for their trial bar friends. 
Mr. MULVANEY. We will get equality, Mr. SCHWEIKERT . We will have 
equal access to the swimming pools under this regulation because no one will have the access. That will be the ultimate result here. 
everybody, we will end up making it accessible to no one, and in the final analysis, that is a sad state of equality that I don’t think anybody should applaud. 
petty little issue. This is just a simple example that we talk about here almost every day of the runaway arrogance of Washington believing they are going to run our businesses, run our lives, and sort of the obvious outcomes that turn out to be fairly disastrous. 
coming down and giving us some of your time. 
am going to set up here in a second. I am going to actually walk through something we have been working on in our office now for the last month, and that is, what is really going on in budget numbers. 
weeks ago in Scottsdale. And I always like to start it with a simple question 
that says, How many of you are tired of seeing us in Congress fight with each other? And the hands always go up, and they say, Yes, you have to stop fighting with each other. 
it is about the money. You need to understand how bad the underlying financial data is and what is really going on in the scale of debt and deficits and just the sheer scale of spending but also where that spending is going because we have so many of my brothers and sisters here, we go out and campaign and say things like: We are going to take care of waste and fraud. We are going to take care of this and foreign aid. We are going to do this and that. And they are not providing an honest picture of where the money is and where it actually goes. 
So we are going to do about 10 of 
these boards. I know it is going to get technical. 
the first things that happens, if you are a numbers guy, the pollster and the consultants sit you down and say, You can’t use big numbers. People won’t understand them. 
treat everyone like adults—these aren’t Republican numbers; they are not even Democrat numbers, though the majority of these slides actually do come from the White House—to understand what is actually underlying in the data and how quickly it is eroding. 
we used to talk about how we were going to hit this inflection point when baby boomers began moving into retirement and what was going to happen to the debt curve and what was going to happen to the curve of consumption of the entitlements. 
that inflection point. It has begun, and Congress has done very, very, very little in regards to mandatory spending. You are going to see on these boards that that is actually what may take us down as a Republic. 
So this is 2010. Let’s just do this as a 
reference. And remember, 2010 was a year when there was still lots of stimulus money, lots of other spending out there. 
You see the blue. The blue is what we 
refer to as mandatory spending. It is primarily Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, some transfer programs, interest, veterans, and the new health care law. 
spending was in that blue area; 37 percent was what we call discretionary. That is what we get to vote on here because what is in the blue is in formulas. 
I have been here a little over 4 years. 
I have really had absolutely no influence on that blue area. It is a formula. You hit a certain age, you get a certain benefit. 
But I want you to watch what is happening in that entitlement, in that 
the very discussion that gets people unelected because people get very upset, but we have to have an adult conversation of what is really going on here. 
So we are going to do a couple of 
these slides just to sort of create a reference. 
you remember, on that slide, I think the blue area was about 63 percent of our total spending. This year, it is 69 percent of our total spending. And obviously then the discretionary, what we get to vote on as Members, has now gone down to 31 percent. 
now, to give you a different way of looking at this, this is our 2015 modeling from the White House. This green area is our revenues. That is the total revenues coming into your Federal Government. That purple area is our debt. That is what we are going to borrow this year to make up for our shortfalls, though you will be happy to know that, as of about 48 hours ago, the administration changed the debt number from $576 billion for the 2015 fiscal year to—now it is going to be $582.5 billion. This continues to erode. 
the end here, what is actually going on in GDP, on economic growth in this country. And if we do not develop a growthoriented agenda, we can’t meet our obligations. We cannot keep those promises we have made. 
of how often we engage in these debates, and it is not a growthoriented focus. 
want you to get: blue over here is mandatory spending. The red is discretionary, with defense. Defense is considered discretionary. We have to borrow either every dime of defense or every dime of everything else, other than defense and mandatory or discretionary—Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, interest on the debt, veterans benefits, and the new health care law. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to borrow either every dime of defense or every dime of discretionary other than defense, and that is in this year’s budget. That is how quickly this is moving away from us. 
into the future, like 4 years from now? 2020 is only 4 years from now. When I first got elected in 2011, I did a presentation here. The numbers I am going to show you that happen in 4 years were not supposed to happen until 9 years from now. This is to give you an idea of how quickly the numbers are eroding. Yet I hear almost no one talking about it. 
that budget in 4 years. Do you remember that 2010 slide? Sixtythree percent 
of our spending went to Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new healthcare law. Well, it is going to be 76 percent—76—threequarters of all of our spending. We are only going to be voting on 24 percent of the budget, and half of that will be defense. 
I don’t know if anyone knows, because these numbers are small and it is hard to watch, what we will be spending in 2020 on discretionary. So defense and all the litany of programs you think of are basically going to be almost identical to what we were spending 10 years earlier. I will hold that up as one of the successes of the Republican House. We have been very disciplined on spending on what we had the ability to influence, which was the discretionary budget, but the formulaic portion of our budget, entitlements, continues to explode. It is almost as if Washington, D.C., did not know that there was a baby boom, did not know people were going to be turning 65, did not know that 76 million of our brothers and sisters were born in about an 18year period of time, and now we are into the third year of baby boomers beginning to retire, and that inflection has begun. 
get asked for this slide—and we are putting these slides up on our Web site—there is the spending pie chart for this year. You will see the blue area is all the way to here: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, the transfer programs also including the new healthcare law, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits. 
budget presentation in my hometown of ScottsdalePhoenix, I had one woman who was absolutely positive, if we would cut foreign aid, we would be just fine here. It is important to understand. Do you see this little red area here? Foreign aid would be ultimately nothing but a small sliver within that. Yes, it is something, but in many ways, it is theater. 
front of you and they are not talking about the mandatory spending and the speed of its growth, you are not having an honest budget discussion. It is hard because in many places around the country, when you stand behind a microphone and hold up these boards and start to say that we need to have an honest conversation about the math underlying Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and what is going to happen on interest on the debt, the new healthcare law and its cost projections blowing through the ceiling, and veterans’ benefits, often those Members who have tried to have that conversation get unelected. 
our door here and say, ‘‘David, we so desperately need new spending on this,’’ we often pull out our charts and say, ‘‘You are absolutely right. This would be wonderful. Do you have a solution to help me refine and deal with 
and manage the explosion of the cost in Medicare?’’ And they just stare at you like we are not allowed to talk about that. But that is what is going on here. 
of see how the numbers really are exploding. If I came to you and said, hey, in 4 years, that 3.8—and it is actually a $3.75 billion budget we are going to have this year. So 3.756 trillion—sorry, not billion, trillion. So we are going to spend $3.8 trillion this year. In 4 years, we are going to be spending an additional $1 trillion on top of that, an additional trillion, and every dime of that is going into mandatory spending. It is not going into health research; it is not going into new parts; it is not going into building a new aircraft carrier; and it is not going into all these programs that we all talk about because it is easy politics. Every dime of that additional trillion dollars in 4 years from now will be in Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new healthcare law. 
that? This is right in front of us. This is what is going on. Your government is growing at an exponential pace, but it is not in the area where we, as Members of Congress, get to vote because it is in the formula areas, the mandatory spending. 
this discussion and on the slides? I am trying to build an understanding out there with both my brothers and sisters here in Congress and the public out there that if we are not willing to 
have honest conversations, particularly with this coming Presidential election, about entitlements, mandatory spending, and ways we can manage them—and it is not cuts, but there are much better ways we can deliver these. 
promises we have made at risk because just pretending everything is going to be fine means you are basically dooming them to a really ugly future, or the country to an ugly future. So, Mr. Speaker, this gives you an interesting projection. 
if we go 9 years out—9 years out—we will be running over trilliondollar deficits, and that is using the current GDP projections for the future, which we are going to talk about that model on the very end slide. There is something horribly wrong in how we are modeling our future income growth into this country. 
The math is real. I know it is uncomfortable and it is almost sacrilegious to many of the political people here, saying: Well, we are not allowed to talk about that. David, why are you such a downer? Don’t you want to get reelected? Why aren’t you doing happy talk? 
am optimistic about some things happening out there in the economy despite government. But you have to understand, in 9 years, interest will be $1 trillion. And think about this: it is almost going to be approaching all discretionary. At that time, in 9 years, we will be about $1.4 trillion in interest. Our best interest projection is over $1 trillion. 
years out, we will be spending more money on interest than all of defense, all of discretionary, all of education, all of parts, all of health research, everything else. That is what we are doing. We are creating this trap where, as we build more and more debt and build more and more debt and build more and more debt, that becomes our Achilles heal. That becomes our fragility in this country. 
slide where I went over there and marked that now this year’s deficit projection is $582.5 billion, and that is coming from the White House as of about 2 days ago. 
today. We were trying to do some modeling. If GDP continues to do what we think is happening right now, we could be having a discussion this coming October that the 2015 shortfall was almost $600 billion. You do realize that is approaching double what the optimistic projections were last year for 2015. 
out there. It is a combination of lack of economic growth and, let’s be honest, the mandatory spending, the entitlements, are growing faster than the underlying models we have built. 
give you the point of talking about inflection. It is a fancy word that a lot of the statisticians like to use, and we politicians will use it. But there it, and it has begun. We are well into it. 
start to explode? But do you notice something interesting? The red lines, from about here over basically stay substantially flat. That is the discretionary spending. That is what we get to vote on. That is your defense. That is everything else other than the mandatory spending. 
ceiling? It looks like Washington, D.C., failed to understand the demographic issues that were heading towards this country and systematically avoided them, because I am sure it had nothing to do with my brothers and sisters often caring more about their next election than having to go through the painful process of educating our voters to understand this is your greatest threat, I believe, to our Republic. 
One more slide to put this in perspective. The blue line is interest. The red line is all—all—of defense spending. Do you notice something, that in about 7 years, 6
more money in interest than all of defense? All of defense. It is 6 years away. Actually, in reality, my math is closer 
Think about that. We will be spending more money in interest on U.S. sovereign debt than we are spending on all defense of the Nation. It is absurd. And this is what we are about to hand to our kids. As a matter of fact, this is no longer about our kids. This is about us now. The numbers have eroded so fast, it is here. And the happy talk that we were doing just 1 year ago, particularly coming from the administration, has not turned out to be true. 
So one of the things that is going on 
out there, can you regulate yourself to prosperity? Can you tax yourself to prosperity? Can you, in an arrogant fashion, have a bureaucracy that is so inept, its ability to even when we do bipartisan, progrowth pieces of legislation like the JOBS Act—we all got together here 3 years ago and did the JOBS Act. You do realize there are still substantial portions of that piece of legislation that are still sitting at the SEC that still don’t have their rules because of the underlying politics behind them? They are 3 years beyond their due date, but we still don’t have them. 
this government if we don’t have an honest discussion and actually then do something about our Tax Code, our regulatory code, access to opportunity, and then the difficult one, the design within our entitlement state, which is something the Republicans for the last 4 years, 5 years, have been putting into our budget. 
alike throwing grandma over the cliff? Great politics, horrible math, because the Republicans, PAUL RYAN and the 
rest of us, stood up and said that we are willing to actually propose a model that saves Medicare and deals with this curve that consumes everything in our path. It is really bad politics; it is honest math. And we get the crap kicked out of us for telling the truth. 
So now we get to look at a slide like 
this. We were projecting 3.1 percent GDP for this year. As of a few hours ago, the Atlanta Fed, which actually does this really interesting modeling of collecting current statistics and constantly adjusting their GDP projections, now has us not at 3.1 percent GDP for this year—and remember, every point of GDP is—it matters what velocity model you use—about $80 billion to $100 billion of revenue. So you start to realize that a couple of points of GDP is a big deal. The Atlanta Fed’s GDP calculation on their Web site now is 0.7 percent GDP coming in in this quarter, and the indicators look like we are going to get additional downward revisions on the first quarter. 
the politicians will get up here and blame each other and blame each other, but it doesn’t make the math go away. b1930 
one of my pet peeves here—we systematically do not tell the truth, and this is a Republican and Democrat problem. Some of it is because we use really bad modeling data, really bad underlying statistics; we underestimate the swings 
during boom times and slowdowns. We systematically have blown our GDP calculation; but understand, that GDP calculation has a lot to do with what we model as our spending, has a lot to do with what ends up happening on our debt. 
If you look at this chart, the red is 
what real GDP turned out to be; the blue was our projection, and systematically, we are dramatically under the projection. It looks like this year we are crashing and burning. I am desperately hoping the third quarter and the fourth quarter get really healthy, but there is something horribly wrong out there. 
Is this administration, are my brothers and sisters on the left, finally willing to have that conversation about the Tax Code, about our regulatory state, those very things that—let’s face it—are stymying future growth and our ability to save this country? 
an opportunity—for those of you who have an interest in watching some of these numbers, and there are those out there who are also sort of numbers geeks, this is that GDPNow. Yes, it is often a pessimistic calculator; except for the small problem is, the last couple of years, it has actually been the accurate calculator of actual GDP growth. This is right off the GDPNow Web site from the Atlanta Fed, showing it looks like, now, we are all the way down to a .7 percent GDP growth in the second quarter. 
A little bit else on this and then I 
will stop this thing I am doing, which may be bordering on a tirade. If you are particularly geeky, last week, you would have seen the Journal of Economic Perspectives did an entire report on Social Security calculations. 
all sorts of letters behind their names, mostly Ph.D., talking about Social Security is actually in worse shape than we tell people, that they are close to $1 trillion additional underfunded in the latest projections, and that some of the modeling are simple things like we are actually using really bad life expectancy tables. 
actuaries over at Medicare and Social Security; I think they deal with some amazing data sets, but some of the Nation’s finest economists and Ph.D. economists are starting to write public articles, saying: We are in real trouble here. 
Mercatus did their detailed projection on unfunded liabilities and debt for the United States, they came in with a number that scared me half to death. They actually came in with a number 
standard accounting, not government accounting, standard accounting for the debt of this Nation and our unfunded liabilities. 
look up what is the wealth of the world. Some of the best models say the wealth of the world is about $180 trillion. We have universities out there modeling that U.S. sovereign debt and unfunded liabilities are over $200 trillion. Our unfunded liabilities are greater than the wealth of the world. 
greatest issue in front of us, and we spend so little time actually having an honest discussion about the math. 
POLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
going to talk a little bit about spending today, like my friend and colleague from Arizona, but I am going to talk about spending of a different kind. I am going to talk about campaign spending. 
and I want to spend about an hour or less talking about its effect, and I want to talk about some of the solutions 
that we have out there that might make a big difference. 
First, I want to say I truly believe in 
my heart of hearts that the United States of America is the greatest country in the world, probably the greatest country that the world has ever seen and may see in the future. You can just see that by some of the markers. 
country has had in the past have inspired nations; they have inspired individuals around the world. Our economic strength is unrivaled. Our cultural influence reaches every corner of the world. Our military power is absolutely unrivaled. 
we can do better, and I will tell you some of the big challenges that we are facing right now, that if we take on these challenges, we will even be a greater Nation. 
First of all, we need massive investments in our Nation’s infrastructure, our highways, our bridges, our ports, our airports. We need it in our broadband. We just need a massive amount of investment in our Nation’s infrastructure. 
Our Nation’s education is falling behind. Yes, we have some of the greatest schools, some of the greatest universities in the entire world, some of our public schools, some of our charter schools and private schools unrivaled; but there are a lot of schools that are struggling and producing students that really can’t compete in today’s world. We need to do immigration reform. 
We have 12, 15 million people in this country that are undocumented that live in the shadows that may or may not pay taxes that contribute to our economy but are always afraid of being deported. 
change is here; it is progressing; it is going to get worse. We need to do something about it as soon as possible. 
There is a huge disparity in incomes between the richest and the poorest in this country, and it is increasing. Our middle class is vanishing. They are feeling more and more insecure. They are unable to send their kids to college. We have a huge challenge in that regard. 
We have a need to establish background checks for purchase of weapons and to close the gun show loopholes. 
need to attend from the Congress, from this body, from the House of Representatives, from the United States Senate, from the State legislatures, from local governments; but we are unable to attack these problems, in a large part, because of the way campaigns are financed. 
Presidential campaigns. We have superPACs. We have dark donors, and they are having meetings with Presidential candidates, which are allowed by the laws because the candidates are not official candidates. 
No one knows what is legal and enforceable right now in Presidential candidate financing; and worse than that, foreign money is probably coming into all of these campaigns now. 
down the ballot are being more and more perverted each election. All Americans should be concerned. 
evening, I just read an article in the National Journal Daily today that stated: ‘‘According to data gathered in 21 states by the National Institute on Money in State Politics, $175 million was spent by them in 2006’’—that is local politics; that is city council and school boards—‘‘a number that ballooned to $245 million four years later.’’ 
That is a delta of $70 million increases in local campaign financing in just 4 years, and that is a fraction of the total expected to be spent in future local races. 
to do is take a break and yield to my friend and colleague from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ). He wants to say a few 
you very much, and I want to thank you for taking the lead tonight to be on the floor. I know you have other Members of Congress to join you in your hour, but I have been here for 20 years, and I must tell you that, since I have been here, I have never seen as 
much influence by the special interests as I do now, and that is because of money. 
why you are a Democrat, I am a Republican—but both parties seem to succumb to the influence of money to get bills to the floor. 
I am a strong supporter of JOHNSARBANES , who is from Maryland. You have 
your bill that I have joined today, by the way, to sign my name to your resolution, and I am on JOHN SARBANES ’ 
bill, which is H.R. 20. The title is the Government By the People Act. 
is building a government of, by, and for the people. The second part of the bill says empower the Americans to participate. The third part is amplify the voice of the people and then fight back against Big Money special interests. 
what I would like to talk about is the influence of money. I am a Republican and proud to be one; you are a Democrat and proud to be one, but I will tell you that I have seen so many bills this year get to the floor of the House because, in my opinion, it is because of the influence of special interests. 
You and I recently had a bill on the 
floor that basically said that we would change the law that would allow the mobile home companies that sell mobile homes—many people in my district, 45,000 people own mobile homes, and there will be others buying mobile homes—but they will change the contract to say that it would go from 8 to 12 percent. 
Well, who did it benefit? It was Warren Buffett. I don’t deny Warren Buffett his success. He is a very successful man, and I am happy for him. What this bill did was to say to the average person that maybe in California or North Carolina that needs to buy a mobile home, because that is the best they can do: we are going to let you pay more in interest. 
‘‘no’’ on that bill. I said this back in my district, and quite frankly, I was pleased that the majority of people agree with me that we should be considerate of those people who cannot afford to buy better than a mobile home; but there, again, that special interest influence, that is what you just said a moment ago. 
I am of the firm belief that if we do 
not change the system—you have an H.J. Res. that you have introduced. I talk about JOHN SARBANES ’ H.R. 20. 
That will create an alternative to the system that we have. 
United that said that a corporation is an individual has created a lot of the problems that we face today. I will say that the American people need to get behind what you are trying to do, what Mr. SARBANES is trying to do—and I, in 
a lesser way—to return the power of the people to the people because, too 
many times, decisions here in Washington are made because special interests, whether it be a Democrat or Republican leadership, puts it on the floor. 
I believe that the people, as you believe, have a right to let this be the people’s House and not the special interests House. 
I am delighted to be on the floor with 
you tonight. I will stay just a few minutes, if you want to call back on me in a couple of minutes. I will be here until a little bit after 8, but I wanted to thank you for getting on the floor tonight to speak about this issue because, if we are going to let the people own the government, then we must give the power back to the people. 
this is bipartisan. Mr. J ONES is a Republican; I am a Democrat. We both see the corrosive influence of money here in Washington, and we want to do something about it. 
wholeheartedly but are actually afraid to say it. They are afraid to get up here because they know, if they do, they are going to be targeted by this special interest money, by superPAC money, by dark money. 
that it is coming. You could be running a good, solid, healthy campaign arguing the issues and, all of a sudden, see a $2 million television ad against you, and they would be going after you for very personal misleading ads, which could destroy you and your family, for no reason other than you don’t want to see so much money in campaign spending. 
risks and problems that we see today because of the way campaigns are financed. 
makes elected officials less effective in their jobs because of the time you have to spend raising money. 
see a Member of Congress spend 2, 4, 6 hours a day on the phone, begging people for money. That lessens your effectiveness. You can’t spend the time you should be spending on studying legislation, in talking to colleagues, in finding ways to compromise on issues. 
The second item is negative campaign ads turn off voters and suppress votes. 
turnout of 40 percent, 35 percent, and 30 percent in some districts, and a lot of that has to do with the negativity that people see on TV. They don’t know what to believe. They think they are both bums, and they just close their noses and vote for the least worse or they don’t vote at all. That is the second. 
makes for wasteful government spending. This is an issue that, I think, folks 
like my predecessor here tonight was talking about. The Tea Party folks should be interested in this issue because the way campaigns are financed causes wasteful government spending. Boy, I will tell you that I sympathize with the Tea Party objectives. Government seems big. It seems wasteful. It seems loaded. It seems ineffective. There is wasteful spending. There are projects that shouldn’t be funded. A lot of that has to do with the way campaigns are financed. 
The next one is a big one. This is important. It is kind of what I mentioned before. It is the threat of negative campaign ads causes elected officials to avoid important and controversial issues: 
Now, I do not care if you are a Republican or a Democrat. If you are a Republican, you have risk in your primary elections. If you are a Democrat, it is of big money coming in and trying to trash you personally in election campaigns. If you are a Democrat, you have more risk coming in in general elections. So it doesn’t matter what party you are in. It doesn’t matter whether you are conservative or liberal. The way campaigns are financed is causing our government to be wasteful, and it is causing it to be ineffective. I think that needs to be improved. 
There is another problem that I mentioned earlier. Foreign money is coming into these campaigns now. Do you want to see foreigners, do you want to see folks from Russia or from China or from any country besides the United States having an influence on our elections? 
elections continues to grows election by election. We had $6.2 million in 2010 versus $3 billion in 2012. I think I have gotten a million or a billion mixed up there. Sorry about that. Elected officials respond more to wealthy donors than they do to nonwealthy donors. It is simply a matter of access. Someone gives you money, and they are more likely to have access, and that means that you are more likely to be sympathetic to their legislative goals. 
Judicial races are getting more expensive and tainted as well. Do you want to have a judge in a case that you may be bringing to court to have gotten his seat or her seat because of the way the campaign finance trashed his opponent? I do not think so. 
cynical about government because of the negative advertising, and people lose faith in our government. To have the greatest country in the world and the things that this country has accomplished—the innovation, the science, the freedoms that we have established throughout the world—and then have people cynical about our government because of the campaign financing is more than a tragedy. Campaign spending is a zerosum game. Let me tell you what I mean by that. 
You have got a 1 hour, and you have got 12 people, so everyone has 5 minutes to speak. Now, what if somebody takes 10 minutes? Then somebody else is going to lose out. Campaignspeak is like that too because people in this country are only willing to listen to a certain amount of campaign rhetoric, and then after that point, they turn off their minds. They don’t want to hear any more. The folks with the biggest money get out there. They fill the airwaves, and they fill your mailboxes, and they have people knock on your doors. Pretty soon, you don’t want to hear any more, so the guy with the lesser money is losing freedom of speech. So I think it is a freedom of speech issue. Those are some of the issues I have. 
money—this is an interesting one— campaigns are no longer going to be controlled by the candidates. You could have a situation in which Super PACs and PACs have five times more money than the candidate himself or herself, in which case they are controlling all of the levers in the campaign. So those are some of the issues that, I think, are caused by the excessive spending in our campaigns. 
appreciate listening to you, and it reminds me of a conversation I had on the floor of the House last week. 
years. I came with Newt Gingrich, and Bill Clinton was the President. We did some good things for the American people, so I am kind of an older man, so to speak. I vote my conscience up here, and it gets me in trouble. I voted twice against the Speaker of the House, and it got me in trouble, but I do what I think is right. 
gentleman—I will not say his name or where he is from because I don’t have permission to do that. He came up to me and said, ‘‘Walter, I am probably going to—’’ He is 20 years younger than I am. I am 72 now. He said, ‘‘I am probably going to be like you,’’ and he is a Republican. He said, ‘‘I will probably be like you and will never be a chairman or a ranking member of anything because I cannot do anything that would dampen or threaten my integrity.’’ 
I said, ‘‘What do you mean?’’ He said, ‘‘Well, in January, I was told 
that I could be a subcommittee chairman, but I would have to raise $300,000.’’ 
make tonight—and you are doing a good job—with JOHN SARBANES ’ bill, 
H.R. 20, which I hope people look up, as well as with your resolution, is that too oftentimes—and I will say in both parties—we have people in leadership who say you have to raise X amount of dollars if you want to be a chairman. What happens to that person in eastern North Carolina, where I am from, who 
That is what you are trying to do tonight, and that is why I wanted to be with you, and I admire you for taking the floor tonight. Where are their spokesmen? We are the people’s House, and all of a sudden, everything is about money, winning reelections with money—big money. The average citizens are beginning to be turned off by the fact that they don’t have much influence, and that is why what you are doing tonight is very special. 
who said to me, ‘‘I will be like you, Walter Jones. I will probably never be a chairman or a ranking member because you are trying to keep your integrity in place.’’ If we had a system that you are proposing and JOHNSARBANES is proposing that would have a 
system for those who don’t want to be bought and paid for by special interests, they would have an alternative by raising their money in the State and in the district, and they would be rewarded for raising their money in that State. Then their allegiance would be to the State and the district. 
Again, I am going to stay a few more 
minutes, but I want to compliment you on what you are doing tonight. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. I thank the gentleman. I don’t know of anyone who has more integrity in this institution than you do, so I am honored that you would come down here and talk with me tonight about this important issue. 
can tell, are clearly in favor of reducing campaign money, campaign spending. I have some Gallup Poll numbers here that were taken by The Huffington Post from November 7 through November 9, 2014, which was during the last election or right after the last election. 
The first question: Would you support or oppose amending the Constitution to give Congress more power to create restrictions on campaign spending? 
In favor of that was 53 percent; opposed was 23 percent; and not sure was 22 percent. So it was a very strong majority in favor of a constitutional amendment like I am going to discuss in a little while. 
to political campaigns helps to prevent corruption in politics, or does it have no impact on corruption? 
curtailed by limiting campaign spending. The answer that it helps prevent corruption: 52 percent; no impact on corruption: 28 percent; and not sure: 20 percent. Again, people feel strongly about this issue. 
The last question that I will read is: Which of the following statements do 
you agree with more: Elections are generally won by the candidate who raises the most money? The answer is 59 percent of Americans believe that; 18 percent don’t believe that; and 23 percent are unsure. So I think this is a 
How do we move forward? Unfortunately, the Supreme Court 
appears to have a strong bias toward more money in politics, and it has consistently issued rulings to that effect. The Supreme Court even sought out, they even asked for, the infamous Citizens United case to be brought forward to them. Then, ultimately, they ruled that corporations have the same rights—free speech—as individual citizens do, as individual people do. The meaning of that decision is that corporations can use their treasuries to finance campaigns. 
I can’t think of anything more corrosive or destructive to our democracy than that. The system was already bad before the Citizens United decision, but this thing made it much worse. Unfortunately, the Citizens United decision is just one of a series of decisions that allows more and more money into politics, and I truly believe that this is a threat to our cherished democratic and republican institutions. 
This trend is not confined to the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the Republicancontrolled Senate, in concurrence with the Republicancontrolled House of Representatives, passed legislation that increased the total individuals could contribute to political parties by a factor of 10—going from $35,000 to over $300,000. 
What can we do about it? The good news is that there are really a number of very good ideas that have been proposed, and I think it is important for us to go over some of those ideas. My friend WALTER JONES  
and I will go into that in a little bit of detail. But there are others, and I think it is important that the American people be aware of some of these proposals out there and what they might offer and to let them decide, let the American people decide. 
Do they want to see a legislative approach like JOHN SARBANES ’ great approach?—I support it—or a constitutional amendment like mine and others that I will bring up as we go forward tonight? These proposals all have merit. They are all worth studying and thinking about, and I would be happy to support any of the ones that I am going to talk about this evening and to consider other ones that may not have been brought forward yet. The proposals, again, fall into two categories— legislative proposals and constitutional amendments. 
easier to enact, but they are subject to Supreme Court and lower court overturning. So you can work hard, and you can get it passed and then have the Supreme Court or some other court overturn it. The constitutional amendment has a very high bar. It is very difficult to get a constitutional amendment passed, and it should be. You don’t want people just willynilly passing an amendment to change the Constitution. It requires a twothirds vote in the House of Representatives, a two thirds vote in the Senate, and three quarters of the State legislatures throughout the country to pass that amendment for it to become part of the Constitution; but once it becomes part of the Constitution, the courts can’t touch it. They can interpret it, but they can’t overturn it. 
to talk about, but some of my colleagues who were going to be here tonight couldn’t be because of a change in schedule. I think one of the important approaches, mostly championed by CHRIS VANHOLLEN from Maryland, 
is the disclosure and transparency approach, which is that people who donate ought to be disclosed quickly and broadly so that people know where money is coming from. That is a very important idea. 
talk about in a little while; and there is also legislation that would create public finance, and I think that is a very good approach, too. 
There are two constitutional amendments, one by DONNA EDWARDS , a colleague of mine from Maryland, that overturns Citizens United, and there is one by TEDDEUTCH , a colleague of 
Florida would basically allow Congress to enact laws on campaign financing that could not be overturned by the Supreme Court. I think that is a good approach. I support that. In theory, it has got a beauty to it. 
Then there is my approach, which basically would eliminate PACs and do other things. I would like to talk in some detail about my resolution now, and we will get the board up to talk about it. This is called H.J. Res. 31, and again, it is a proposed constitutional amendment. As you can see, it has four parts. 
the most important, and it says basically that money that comes in to political election campaigns to support or oppose a candidate for office can only come from individual citizens and only go to the campaign controlled by the candidate or the principal campaign controlled by the candidate or from a system of public election financing. 
that when money comes in, it can only come from individual citizens. It can’t come from corporations; it can’t come from any other sources. It just comes from individual citizens, and it can only go to the campaign controlled by the candidate. That means that it can’t go to political action committees, PACs; it can’t go to superPACs; it can’t be dark money. The only money that can influence elections directly or indirectly to support or oppose a candidate has to come from individual 
citizens. It has to go only to the candidate, to the campaign controlled by the candidate. That is a very strong requirement. It is probably the strongest requirement out there right now, but I think it is important. 
By the way, the first requirement applies to elections for individual candidates at all levels of government, from the President on down to the Congress, the Senate, State governments, city governments, and so on. 
first. This requirement, money to support or oppose a State ballot initiative to change a State constitution or for other purposes can only come from individuals who are able to vote for the measure or from a system of public election financing. I think that is important because you have ballot initiatives in my home State of California, for example, and you see millions of dollars coming in from out of State. Why would somebody from out of State have an opportunity to influence a State ballot initiative in California? I think it is wrong, and I think that this would take care of that problem. 
The third requirement is that Congress, the States, and the local jurisdictions must establish limits that an individual can contribute to any one election campaign, including limits on the amount a candidate may contribute to his or her own campaign. Now, for that particular requirement, we already have that in the U.S. House and U.S. Senate. The limit at this point in time is $2,700 per election. So every time your voters can go to the booth for you, people can contribute, individuals can contribute $2,700, so the primary election and the general election. In the House of Representatives elections are every 2 years, so you can collect an amount of $5,400 over the election cycle for your campaign. 
primary and you lose the primary, then you are going to have to give back the money that was donated for the general election. So that would be you would have to give $2,700 back to the donors that gave that to you. 
governments to limit the amount a candidate can spend on their own campaign. Some of our candidates are extremely wealthy. They have millions or hundreds of millions or more. They can buy their seat in Congress easily, and this would limit that. I think, again, this is very, very important. 
controversial of the four, but it says that the total of contributions to a candidate’s campaign from individuals who are not able to vote for the candidate cannot be greater than the total of contributions from individuals who can vote for the candidate. Now, geographically what that would mean is that money coming from outside of your congressional district, or from your State if you are a Senator, can’t exceed money that comes from inside your district if you are a congressional candidate or State if you are a Senator. It wouldn’t affect the Presidential race as much because everybody in the United States is in the President’s district, but it would also affect local districts as well. With that, that wraps up the discussion of my proposed constitutional amendment. 
I want to talk a little bit about JOHN 
SARBANES ’ bill, and I think it is a fine 
bill. It is not a constitutional amendment. What it does is it gives you a tax credit for money that you can contribute to a campaign. So if you can contribute $50 to a campaign, then you get a tax credit of $50, which means money back on your income tax return; the same amount that you contribute, you get back. But also it matches that contribution by 6 to 1. So you will end up giving the candidate quite a bit more than you are actually contributing. It is a good measure. It is a good proposal. It would sort of even out the effect of PACs. I find myself supporting that. 
has a couple of constitutional amendments in the 114th Congress. One of them is called Democracies for All, H.J. Res. 119, and also H.J. Res. 22 that creates funding limits and creates a distinction between individuals and corporations, but what it really does is allows Congress to limit, to enact laws that will be enforceable and not overturned by the Supreme Court. 
Congress, H.R. 430, and what this does is it requires disclosure so that when campaign contributions are made, we can determine who made those contributions—very important. I think it would make a big difference. 
to create public financing. My colleague from Kentucky, JOHNYARMUTH , 
had one in the 113th Congress, Fair Elections Now Act. In the 114th Congress, which is this Congress, DAVID 
These are all good. I think I would be 
supportive of any of these kinds of approaches. I think the American public needs to be protected. I think our cherished Democratic and Republican institutions are a threat here, whether it is because candidates are bombarded by negative ads, whether it is because candidates are influenced by big donors, whether it is because more and more money is coming in to these elections every single cycle. There is a lot of reasons why we need to look at campaign financing and select one of these approaches and go with it and change the system that we have to a system that really does respond to the American public. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of an unscheduled medical procedure. 
of the week on account of the birth of his first child. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Communications and Information, Department of Commerce, transmitting the second quarterly report from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration regarding the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority transition, pursuant to the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, Pub. L. 113235; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1521. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days in accordance with the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1522. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting pursuant 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Human Resources, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting seventeen reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Chairman’s Semiannual Report on Final Action Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspection Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period of October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1119. A bill to improve the efficiency of Federal research and development, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–121). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 874. A bill to amend the Department of Energy HighEnd Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the highend computing research and development program of the Department of Energy, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–122). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1156. A bill to authorize the establishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportunities (Rept. 114–123). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1158. A bill to improve management of the National 
Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facilitate publicprivate partnerships, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–124). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1162. A bill to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 125). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1561. A bill to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–126). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 273. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015 (Rept. 114–127). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Resolution 274. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–128). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
DEGETTE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. P ALLONE , 
development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 2405. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the special expensing rules for certain film and television productions and to provide for special expensing for live theatrical productions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 2406. A bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
consumption in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2408. A bill to establish in the Administration for Children and Families of the Department of Health and Human Services the Federal Interagency Working Group on Reducing Child Poverty to develop a national strategy to eliminate child poverty in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2409. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow small businesses to defer the payment of certain employment taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
H.R. 2410. A bill to authorize highway infrastructure and safety, transit, motor carrier, rail, and other surface transportation programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Resources, Oversight and Government Reform, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mexico, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
HUFFMAN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. 
H.R. 2412. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for residential energy efficient property and the energy credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2413. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 601 South Main Street in Elkhart, Indiana, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Jesse L. Williams Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2414. A bill to facilitate the responsible communication of scientific and medical developments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for establishment of a streamlined data review program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to evaluate the potential use of evidence from clinical experience to help support the approval of new indications for approved drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2417. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish fair and consistent eligibility requirements for graduate medical schools operating outside the United States and Canada; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2418. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to reduce the fuel economy obligations of automobile manufacturers whose fleets contain at least 50 percent fuel choice enabling vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Services Act to reauthorize funding for the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
burdens on researchers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to increase accountability at the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to thirdparty quality system assessment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to valid scientific evidence; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to training and oversight in least burdensome appropriate means concept; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the recognition of standards; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to easing regulatory burden with respect to certain class I and class II devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to advisory committee process; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to humanitarian device exemption applications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B RENDAN  
CICILLINE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. K IND, 
H.R. 2429. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any discharge of income contingent and incomebased student loan indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
SPEIER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2431. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit against tax for job training expenses of employers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2432. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for a gender equalityfocused investment option under the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to enhancing combination products review; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M ARINO , 
H.R. 2434. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with regard to the ReaganUdall Foundation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act with respect to appropriate age groupings to be included in research studies involving human subjects; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2437. A bill to amend part B of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act regarding high cost durable medical equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to broader application of Bayesian statistics and adaptive trial designs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act with respect to the Silvio O. Conte Senior Biomedical Research Service; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to improve loan repayment programs of the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
gold medal, collectively, to the 1st American Volunteer Group of the Chinese Air Force, also known as the AVG Flying Tigers, in recognition of their service to the nation; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M OORE , 
H.R. 2442. A bill to amend title XVI of the 
Social Security Act to update eligibility for the supplemental security income program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to CLIA waiver study design guidance for in 
vitro diagnostics; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2444. A bill to authorize the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to award grants for studying the process of continuous drug manufacturing; to the Committee on Energy 
H.R. 2445. A bill to express the sense of 
Congress with respect to enabling Food and Drug Administration scientific engagement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2446. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to provide for an NIH research strategic plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to authorize a program of highrisk, highreward research; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEU 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
TITUS, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
California, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
COLEMAN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. L EE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. E LLISON, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. C LARK of 
H.R. 2450. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair 
and deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
JOYCE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 2451. A bill to amend title 23 and title 
49, United States Code, to strengthen domestic content standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. SCHRA DER, and Mr. B URGESS ): 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to facilitating dissemination of health care economic information; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2453. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to authorize the National Capital Planning Commission to designate and modify the boundaries of the National Mall area in the District of Columbia reserved for the location of commemorative works of preeminent historical and lasting significance to the United States and other activities, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Administrator of General Services to make recommendations for the termination of the authority of a person to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2454. A bill to provide for the public 
disclosure of information regarding surveillance activities under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to precision medicine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to ensure the sharing of data generated from research with the public; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2457. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the work opportunity credit to small businesses which hire individuals who are members of the Ready Reserve or National Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2458. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to enhance the reporting requirements pertaining to use of antimicrobial drugs in food animals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2460. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
goals and ideals of National Asian and Pacific Islander HIV/AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Res. 276. A resolution honoring the National Association of Women Business Owners on its 40th anniversary; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Res. 277. A resolution honoring the Tunisian People for their democratic transition; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should initiate negotiations to enter into a free trade agreement with Tunisia; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 6. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I, Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States 
being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 2407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R. 2409. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2410. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and 
H.R. 2411. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2412. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2413. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2414. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
H.R. 2415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
H.R. 2416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
H.R. 2420. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
H.R. 2422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2423. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2424. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2425. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2426. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2427. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2428. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2429. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2430. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property 
belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
H.R. 2431. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Section 8, of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2432. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 or Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2433. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 2434. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2435. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2436. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2437. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2438. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2439. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2440. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2441. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 ‘‘. . . and provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
‘‘. . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
This legislation seeks to award the Congressional gold medal, collectively, to the 1st American Volunteer Group of the Chinese Air Force. 
H.R. 2442. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2444. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2445. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2446. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or 
H.R. 2447. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2448. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2449. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2450. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
Constitution, Congress has the power to collect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Congress may also make laws that are necessary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. 
H.R. 2451. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, which allows Congress to regulate commerce among the several states. 
H.R. 2452. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 2453. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 14 and 18 of section 8 of article I of 
H.R. 2454. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2455. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2456. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2457. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) 
H.R. 2458. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
stems from Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2459. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2460. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 9: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 224: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 226: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
H.R. 244: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 303: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W ITTMAN , 
H.R. 539: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 556: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D ENT, and 
Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 628: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
LANCE , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and 
H.R. 672: Mr. B LUMand Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 785: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 815: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. 
Rodney Davis of Illinois, and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 816: Mr. B RAT and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 863: Mr. U PTON , Mr. M ARCHANT , and 
H.R. 879: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 913: Mr. K EATING and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 924: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
H.R. 969: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
H.R. 980: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 985: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
Mr. L UCAS , and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. R ICEof 
H.R. 1089: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
H.R. 1174: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
H.R. 1175: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 1188: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. P OEof 
H.R. 1192: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. H IMES, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
BONAMICI , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. R USHand Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ITTS, 
H.R. 1343: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H INOJOSA. 
H.R. 1492: Mr. B ERAand Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
BOST, Mr. G IBBS, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1552: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
H.R. 1559: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Mexico, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
H.R. 1571: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. H ONDA , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1618: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1622: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B LUMand Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1683: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. L EE, Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. R OUZER . 
WALDEN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
H.R. 1736: Mr. A SHFORD and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1769: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 1817: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. M ERCHANT , and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1833: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. S COTT of 
H.R. 1853: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1899: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1919: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  
of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1942: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. 
H.R. 2008: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. Mimi Walters 
of California, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. S CALISE , Mr. K IND, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2061: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 2072: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
H.R. 2100: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Brendan F. 
HANNA , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Ms. Judy Chu of California. 
H.R. 2169: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2191: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2110: Mr. B ERAand Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
H.R. 2267: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and 
H.R. 2302: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2306: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. D EUTCH , and 
H.R. 2393: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B RADY of Texas and 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. J ENKINS of 
H. Res. 28: Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. B OST, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. N ADLER . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
H. Res. 249: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. B ROWN of 
New York, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. P OCAN . 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative D INGELL or a designee, to H.R. 
1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative SMITH of Texas or a designee, to 
H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3009 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2015 No. 77 