today to honor the courage, sacrifice, and service of members of the Greatest Generation from my district: Navy veteran Art Albert from Hattiesburg and Mr. John Rounsaville of Jones County, Mississippi. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Albert truly exemplifies dedicated, selfless service in having fought in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. 
I first met Mr. Albert during the Mississippi Gulf Coast Honor Flight, which brings World War II veterans to Washington to see their memorial. 
speak with Mr. Albert at the Victory over Japan Day anniversary ceremony in Hawaii. Here I learned that Art was serving as a machinist mate aboard the USS Missouri on September 2, 1945, 
where he witnessed the Japanese formally surrender to the United States, ending World War II. 
many of his contemporaries who focus not on their service, but on the greatness of our Nation as a whole, Art is a true American hero. Through his service and his quiet work of building our great Nation at home, he has brought honor to himself, the State of Mississippi, and the United States of America. 
I am honored to have him as a constituent and to have the opportunity to know him both as a person and as an enduring example of the values that have made America great. 
of my constituents, John Rounsaville, celebrated his 90th birthday. 
Rounsaville served for 28 months in the Pacific Theater of operations. He served aboard an LCI Gunboat that was assigned to the Pacific Theater and participated in numerous campaigns, earning his unit an impressive six battle stars for World War II service, including the Navy Unit Commendation Award. Although it has been over 70 years since his time in the Pacific, Mr. Rounsaville remembers his entire tour and speaks of it often. 
proudly planted in his front yard for decades, I take great pride in representing World War II veterans like Mr. Rounsaville, who belong to a generation whose sacrifices preserved our freedom and liberated the world from tyranny and oppression. 
thanking John Rounsaville and Art Albert for their courage and bravery and their service to this great Nation; and I wish to extend my heartfelt gratitude to both of these great Americans, their families, and to congratulate them on their dedicated service to the United States of America. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 2 p.m. 
Americans who look to the people’s House as uncertainty about the future of the economy and our Nation’s debt hang in a balance. As well, leadership in this assembly is being considered and will be determined in this coming week. 
of the people’s House with discernment in these most trying times. 
who possess power here to be mindful of those whom they represent who possess little or no power and whose lives 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HOYER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, the National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, is bipartisan legislation that our Nation has depended upon for decades to support our servicemembers and military families. In its entire history, the NDAA has been vetoed only four times. By vetoing it last week, the President has made history and, as The Washington Post has identified, ‘‘not in a good way.’’ 
the House Armed Services Committee Chairman MACTHORNBERRY and Senate 
Armed Services Committee Chairman JOHNMCCAINas Congress works to fulfill its highest constitutional duty to provide for our common defense to protect American families from attacks with worldwide conflicts at record levels. 
As a grateful father of four sons currently serving in the military and as a 31year Army veteran myself, I know firsthand the importance of the NDAA to promote peace through strength. 
The NDAA is and always has been bipartisan legislation because the safety of American families is more important than partisan politics. I encourage all Members of Congress to unite on voting to override the President’s veto. 
and the President by his actions must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of 
That the Senate passed S. 1493. With best wishes, I am 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 6 o’clock and 32 
OF H.R. 597, REFORM EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
to clause 2 of rule XV, I call up motion No. 2, to discharge the Committee on Rules from the further consideration of House Resolution 450, providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. FINCHER. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee calls up a motion to discharge the Committee on Rules from further consideration of House Resolution 450, which the Clerk will report by title. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his point of order. 
the second and fourth Mondays of a month,’’ which is what we are today, ‘‘immediately after the Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag, a motion to discharge that has been brought on the calendar for at least seven legislative days shall be privileged if called up by a Member whose signature appears thereon.’’ We had the pledge and the prayer 
earlier today. We also then had intervening activity in the House, and this motion is no longer timely. 
any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. Speaker, that we took up 1minute speeches; we received a message from the Senate; and you, yourself, approved the Journal. 
any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
my friend from South Carolina, the gentleman, is out of order. This is regular order. We are moving on as procedure. 
you are continuing, I would like you to consider one thing. 
Mr. MULVANEY. The rule is very explicit. The rule does not say that we may not take—the rule says that we must proceed immediately. I recognize the fact that on occasion 1minute speeches are not considered business of the House, that receiving messages from the Senate are not considered business of the House, and, on occasion, a Journal is not considered business of the House even though, from time to time, we do vote on it. 
do other business. The rule says we can’t do anything, that we must proceed immediately after the Pledge of Allegiance, and that if the motion is brought at any other time it is untimely. 
any other Member wish to be heard on this point of order? If not, the Chair will rule. 
The rule does not say that the motion to discharge must be—it just says that it can be—brought up immediately. 
with previous occasions where the Chair has entertained 1minute speeches on discharge days, and those speeches proceeded by unanimous consent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
is not so limited. The motion would be in order if it were to be brought up then, and it is also in order to be brought up now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
it shall be in order if brought up at this particular time but the Chair is ruling that it may be in order at other times, what rule is the Chair relying on for that determination? 
nothing in the rule that requires the motion to discharge to be brought up immediately following the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Speaker. The only way that it is privileged is that if it was brought up immediately after the pledge. 
Chair is also following prior practice of the House in entertaining the motion. 
Speaker, when you were giving your decision before, I was reading the rule. 
Chair has entertained 1minute speeches on previous discharge days. Those speeches proceeded by unanimous consent. On those grounds, the point of order was overruled. 
did not address, then, my issue on receiving a message from the Senate or approving the Journal. 
Chair has entertained numerous parliamentary inquiries on a matter on which the Chair has already ruled. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
have been different if we had not made 1minute speeches? 
the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ) will be recognized 
for 10 minutes and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) will be recognized for 10 minutes. 
rarely been invoked in modern history, they nevertheless embody democracy and its fundamental principle of majority rules, a principle that the gentleman has already talked about earlier. This discharge process offers the only means by which a majority of House Members can secure a vote on a measure that is opposed by the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction and House leadership. 
What makes the gentleman’s remarks a few minutes ago particularly ironic is the fact that the discharge rule evolved from a precursor rule adopted in 1910 as part of the Cannon 
revolt. The Cannon revolt was a revolt against Speaker Joseph Cannon. It was a remarkable event in the history of this House and is relevant today in more ways than one. 
longestserving Republican Speaker in the history of the House, serving as Speaker from 1903 to 1911. Referred to as ‘‘Uncle Joe,’’ Speaker Cannon ruled with an iron fist. Historians have not painted him as a great legislator. No. 
great obstructionist. He blocked legislation, including child labor laws and the right for women to vote. What was his reasoning for blocking this progressive legislation? ‘‘I am tired of listening to all this babble for reform,’’ he said. 
Several times, Republicans tried unsuccessfully to curb Speaker Cannon’s broad powers, which included his chairmanship of the Rules Committee and his power to dole out committee assignments, among other powers. But that changed in March of 1910 when 42 Republicans joined with the Democrats introducing a resolution containing a rules package that would strip Speaker Cannon of his many powers. 
this revolt, speaking from the chair for 26 straight hours while allies tried to round up additional allies who were out celebrating St. Patrick’s Day, but it didn’t work. Speaker Cannon finally ruled the resolution out of order, but the House overruled the Chair, thereby adopting farreaching reforms, including the precursor of today’s discharge rule. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in returning power to rankandfile Members by voting on the motion to discharge and supporting American jobs. 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
First, Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the gentleman from Tennessee and the passion that he brings to this debate. He has long been a champion of the ExportImport Bank. We have had a respectful disagreement over the substance of the issue, but at this moment I don’t care to spend much time on the substance of the issue because we are debating a discharge petition. 
history lesson that my colleague and friend introduced the House to, and I have no reason to doubt that it is an accurate history lesson. I will note for the RECORD that apparently somehow 
Mr. Cannon managed to get a building named after him. 
whether the gentleman from Tennessee and others have disagreed with process at the Financial Services Committee— I know that they do—but the question before us, Mr. Speaker, is why punish the entirety of the House? 
discharge petition had the opportunity to allow Members on both sides of the 
aisle to offer amendments. People who were not on the Financial Services Committee could have had the opportunity to offer amendments, but not under this particular discharge petition. 
have here is, regardless of what complaints or beefs they may have against me personally or against the process of the Financial Services Committee, why punish the entirety of the House? 
and about empowering rankandfile Members. Well, then, why aren’t rank andfile Members, then, empowered to offer amendments? We were told that it was simply to discharge a single piece of legislation. Then why not, at this point, let the House work its will? 
doesn’t appear to happen. I perfectly understand that one man’s economic development is another man’s corporate welfare, and I think that debate will happen tomorrow. But here, right now, simply because there is a rule to have a discharge petition that would disqualify any Member from offering an amendment doesn’t mean we should necessarily avail ourselves of it. 
debt. It doesn’t mean it is a good thing for us to do that as we face yet another debt ceiling vote in front of us. 
that Members would vote down this discharge petition, and if they believe strongly in it, then bring back another one, but at least allow Members on the floor to offer amendments. Republicans, Democrats, and people from all committees should be able to offer the amendments if that was the purpose of the discharge petition. 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ). 
from Texas, there were 3 years to do exactly that. It wasn’t done. 
I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for yielding, and I thank him for his courage and Mr. LUCAS ’ courage for 
working within the rules to bring this matter to the floor. It is an important matter. 
across the country have been asking Congress to reopen the ExportImport Bank so that they could compete on a level playing field in overseas markets. This is about jobs and a competitive America. Opening the ExportImport Bank, Mr. Speaker, is about creating and keeping jobs here in America. 
demonstrate that a majority of this House supports taking action to pass a multiyear extension of the Bank’s charter authority. We will have a 
that Congress can work together, Democrats and Republicans, to get something done that helps businesses and workers compete and create jobs. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask my friends and colleagues to support Mr. FINCHER of Tennessee on his motion in his effort to subject this issue to regular order. This is regular order. This is the only regular order that we are going to be given to have a chance to take up this jobcreating legislation. I know this for a fact. It is not speculation. 
amendment to the views and estimates on the budget that said, in part, the committee will work to consider reauthorization of the Bank through regular order that lets all sides be heard, and the leadership of the committee said, ‘‘Vote ‘no.’’’ There was never an intention to subject this issue to regular order. Now is our chance to do that. 
Support the gentlemen from Tennessee and Oklahoma and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. 
my time, I thank Mr. FINCHER , I thank 
Mr. L UCAS , I thank Ms. W ATERS , I 
thank Ms. M OORE , and I thank D ENNY  
Vote for this motion to put a bill on 
the floor that the majority supports. That is democracy. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), chairman of 
Speaker, I appreciate that, and I appreciate the leadership of my chair on this issue. 
First is the issue, itself, of the ExportImport Bank and the entitlement mentality that has grown up here in the United States. It is sad to me that some believe that this is the only, or the best, way for the U.S. to compete on the world stage when, in fact, we know it is not. 
We are at a competitive disadvantage, not because we may or may not have an ExportImport Bank, but because of our regulatory environment, because of our tax environment, and because of all of the other barriers that have been thrown up by this Congress, including health care and a number of other things that have made our companies less competitive. 
are dealing with this issue as it is coming to the floor and how it has reached the House floor today. 
which committee chair of another committee would approve of having the process be shortcircuited out of their 
committee. Would it be the Energy and Commerce Committee? the Ways and Means Committee? Because I can tell you I have not been real happy, as a small business owner on some of the lack of progress that we have made on that. Maybe it would be the Ag Committee. Why did it take so long for things to reach the floor? How about any other committee that we are all dealing with? 
The simple fact is that my subcommittee, Monetary Policy and Trade, where this jurisdiction lies, had three joint hearings with the Oversight Committee on this particular issue. There was a sunset that was put in. It was intentionally put in so that there would be a review. The review happened, and the determination of my subcommittee and this committee was that it did not warrant further action. 
tool that has been infrequently used, it doesn’t restore regular order, as has been claimed. No. In fact, it upends the balance of power in the House. It skirts the committee process and gives the minority the control over the House floor. 
the House floor under the guise of job creation. In reality, it serves to revive and retrench a dependency mentality. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ), who has done great 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his hard work. 
that this is actually a Republicanled discharge petition for ExIm Bank. 
us celebrate being here right now as Republicans. But the time to deal with the issue of ExIm Bank was on the committee. Unfortunately, this could have gone through the committee, this could have been voted on in committee, and it could have come to the floor in what people would consider a more regular order way than this. However, that didn’t have the opportunity. 
District of Illinois, and I will tell you what, they are not worried about discharge petitions and things when people talk about regular order and internal politics and what is going on here. What they care about is the fact that it is a heavy manufacturing district, and they want to be able to go to work tomorrow. They are worried because people live with the threat of pink slips, and many people actually get pink slips. 
for ExIm Bank expired, which put a lot of the manufacturing suppliers of the aerospace industry at a disadvantage in my district compared with those that supply to Airbus and other companies around the world. Pride in our exports and pride in our manufacturing is something that we should 
have pride in, and we should fight beyond what it means for a party label or beyond what it means for floor politics. 
Mr. Speaker, the opponents of reauthorization live in a world where the politics of purity trumps the realism of today and of the economics. Here is the reality: in my district, thousands of jobs, millions of dollars of exports, and many, many people rely on this to be reauthorized. 
as Republicans, to do this, but it is the right thing to do. So I stand and I ask my colleagues on the Republican and the Democrat side of the aisle to put partisanship aside, to do the right thing, and to discharge this resolution. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), a valued 
of the use of the language. I appreciated the history lesson. But has it been lost on you, the irony part of this discussion that, hey, we are going to do a discharge petition, which is part of the rules, because we don’t feel we are having a voice. Oh, by the way, we are going to draft a rule—draft a rule— that you can’t offer amendments, that you can’t have a discussion. 
this issue for years, who have sat through dozens of hearings in multiple years, who actually have things we believe that make it better, the brilliance here is lock it down. So you are going to complain that you are not being treated fairly, and then the answer to not being treated fairly is, let’s write a rule that no one gets a voice, that it is purely up or down. Is that lost on anyone here? 
of the trade from this country has access to surety bonds and trade credit. It is a fraction of a fraction of a fraction that actually asks for a taxpayer subsidy, a taxpayer guarantee. If you wanted to solve this problem tomorrow, you could recharter the ExIm Bank so that it continues to exist but get the taxpayers off the hook and let them do just as now Fannie and Freddie are trying to do where they 
There are solutions here, if I was allowed to offer an amendment. But you have all chosen to write a rule that keeps those of us who have worked on this issue for years from being able to have that discussion. Is that irony lost on anyone here? 
You know there is a better way to do 
this than extending this type of crony capitalism and leaving our taxpayers on the hook for hours and hours of hearings we have had where you have heard the bad acts that are going on in this agency—the fraud, the misaccounting. 
reforms that are in here, you would understand they already should be doing these. It is an outrage they are not. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ). 
Mr. Speaker, Members, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ) for yielding and for his 
leadership in initiating this very successful discharge petition in order to finally make possible the opportunity to vote to renew the charter of the ExportImport Bank. 
member of the Financial Services Committee, I have been working very hard with Leader PELOSI , Whip H OYER , and 
to secure longterm reauthorization of the Bank. And today, after many months of obstruction by a vocal minority of this body, which led to a shutdown of the ExIm Bank, this House will finally get the opportunity to vote to do just that. 
discharge petition is not a rejection of regular order. Although rarely used, the discharge petition exists under House rules for the very purpose of ensuring that the will of a determined majority may ultimately prevail over an obstructionist minority, and that is exactly what is happening today. 
come together to support the reauthorization of a proven job creator. We have come together to end the unilateral disarmament that has harmed our exporters, their domestic suppliers, and the many American workers across this country whose jobs are supported by the Bank. We have come together to show that compromise is possible if you are willing to work it. 
from Tennessee for his work. I urge the Members to vote in favor of the motion. We have come together as Members of Congress to do the work of the people. Let’s get on with the business of doing it. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ), another valuable member of the House Financial Services Committee. 
I want to pick up on where my friend 
from Arizona left off regarding the comments about my good friend and colleague from Washington regarding regular order. It is not regular order. If we have regular order, we have amendments. I have an amendment that would protect small business. I don’t get a chance to do that. We would under regular order. 
one committee that is getting rolled here. Rules Committee is getting rolled. And if this was to follow regular order and go to rules, every single one of you would be able to offer amendments in that committee. They would 
probably get shot down, as mine have since I have been here, but at least you could offer them. 
Committee, you could have debate; you could participate and debate on the issues. 
control 1 hour of debate, he will speak for 5, and then yield back, denying every single one of you in this Chamber the opportunity to speak for at least half an hour each side on this particular issue. 
This is not regular order, Mr. Speaker. This is shoving something down the American people’s throats. 
the amendments. I have got some ones you might actually enjoy. Let’s have the debate. But let’s not kid ourselves into thinking this is regular order because it is not. 
one remaining speaker. How much time do I have remaining? I want to reserve the right to close. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
A lot of discussion, passionate discussion about jobs tonight. 
But I would point out to my Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle, where was this passion when ObamaCare was passed? The Congressional Budget Office says that it is going to cost this economy 2.5 million fewer jobs. 
came to the floor that would repeal this 30hour definition of fulltime employee? According to one study, 2.6 million Americans making under $30,000 are at risk of having their hours cut due to the ObamaCare 30hour rule. 
side of the aisle when H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act, came? That is estimated to put up to 45,000 unemployed Americans back to work on liquid natural gas export projects. 
came, the Keystone XL pipeline? The State Department’s environmental impact statement said: ‘‘During construction, proposed project spending would support approximately 42,100 jobs.’’ 
friends on the other side of the aisle when this was going on. 
friends on the other side of the aisle are always happy to subsidize what they can regulate and control. 
I would say to my friends on my side 
of the aisle that I respect your opinion, and I hope you respect mine; but I 
think there is a better way to promote exports. I think there is a better way to promote jobs. It has everything to do with regulatory reform. It has to do with the REINS Act. It has everything to do with fundamental tax reform, which, according to the National Association of Manufacturers, is half of our competitive disadvantage. It has everything to do with litigation reform. We have greater remedial costs than do our green energy European competitors. 
There is a better way, and there is a 
more fair way to come to this floor. As for whatever you think of the process of the Financial Services Committee, if this is going to come to the floor, every Member ought to be allowed to have an amendment, and we should reject this discharge petition. 
my remaining 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker and colleagues, why are we here tonight? Why are we compelled to engage in this process? 
be a little bit like 1910. Do you remember 1910? A dictatorial Speaker who was so totally in control and who so totally refused to accept input from the membership made himself chairman of the Rules Committee, too. He stymied the legislative process. He brought it to a stop. 
threw him out, and they created a process by which no dictatorial chairman, no dictatorial Speaker would ever be able to fully thwart the will of this body. 
here for. It is to continue one century later the responsible actions that they put into place. 
‘‘Why don’t we have thousands of amendments?’’ Think about 1910—a dictatorial Speaker, a dictatorial committee chairman. Under no circumstances was Uncle Joe going to allow any input. So, when they created this process, they had to make sure that the bill could come to the floor for consideration in a way that would not allow it to be manipulated by that same dictatorial attitude. We are operating under the present version of that rule. 
If we had wanted unlimited amendments, we should have spent an unlimited amount of time in the committee of jurisdiction, working on those amendments, but that opportunity never availed itself. Had that opportunity availed itself, we wouldn’t be here; but we are here. We have a bill that reflects, I believe—and that a majority of us in this House believes— what is in the best interest of America’s workers and America’s 
about the things we should be doing tonight that should have been done a month ago or a year ago seems most inappropriate. So, my friends, in a moment, let’s honor the people who were on this floor in 1910. Let’s say, ‘‘Joe, you can’t have your way then or now.’’ Let’s pass the discharge; let’s pass the rule; and let’s get on with the bill debate. 
by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FINCHER ) to discharge the Committee 
on Rules from the further consideration of House Resolution 450. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 177, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Culberson Denham DeSantis DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 569, had I been present, I would 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee is recognized for 1 hour. 
conversation here tonight about what we are doing and how this happened and what we are going to do next. 
here tonight, I didn’t sign up to come to Washington from Frog Jump, the place I live, to do discharge petitions. The reason I did come to Washington was to work for my district and try to make sure that hardworking men and women all over this country and my district have jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what the ExportImport Bank does. It helps create thousands of jobs, specifically, 200,000 jobs each year. 
has been a lot of misconception or misperception, whatever you want to say, about what this costs the taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, this is at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer. In fact, the ExportImport Bank returned $675 million to the U.S. Treasury in fiscal year 2014. In 2013, it returned more than $1 billion, Mr. Speaker. 
is not a Democrat procedure that is happening tonight. This is a Republicanled position. This is a Republican reform bill that we are doing. 
probably 50 years. I haven’t looked specifically, but I think President Reagan did a lot, and other Presidents have done them. 
Think about this. We go home to our districts every weekend, and we talk to constituents every weekend. Think about constituents that come up to us and say: Congressman, have you balanced the budget? We say: No, we are working on it, but we haven’t done it yet. 
I don’t want to offend any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I am probably going to, but I don’t mean it. Our constituents say: Well, Congressman, have you repealed ObamaCare? I say: Well, no, not yet, but we are working on it. 
Tell me, Congressman, you have done away with the only thing that we know of that helps create thousands of jobs all over this country and possibly would help create the job that they had because of some ideology or some conservative group that is scoring a Member of Congress, and now I don’t have a job, and I am on unemployment. 
hardworking Americans deserve better. They deserve better than Members of Congress playing political games because of scorecards. 
I serve under one of the most principled chairmen, probably the most principled chairman in Congress, and I agree with him on 99.9 percent of everything that we do in our committee. We just happen to disagree on this one issue. My chairman is passionate and principled, and I never would doubt that. 
time. If America is going to get out of the hole we are in as a country, then Congress must start working together. Mr. Speaker, we should applaud. We should be happy on the day—and I don’t want to offend the gentlewoman from California who spoke earlier, but we should be happy on the day when Democrats want to join Republicans on legislation that helps move the country forward. They are clapping, that is awesome. 
We are trying to do what we think is 
best, and the ExportImport Bank doesn’t cost the taxpayers a dime. It helps create thousands of jobs all over this country and makes sure we don’t lose thousands of jobs to 60 other countries that have these credit agencies. 
to say. This is regular order, this closed rule. I am going to close in 10 seconds, but this is all about regular order. We could have had amendments. We could have had a thousand amendments in our committee, but we chose to go this route. We didn’t choose it. Some of us chose to go this route. We are dealing with this today. Our constituents deserve better, and we have to do better. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
resolution before the House is H. Res. 450 which, as I understand it, would establish the rule for debate on this Ex Im reauthorization bill, that it does not make in order any amendments. 
The closed rule means that in addition to not having any debate on the rule—since all time has now been yielded back, with no other Member having a chance to speak—Members have been denied their chance to participate in that part of the process. 
there is any way, at this juncture, for Members to amend the resolution, H. Res. 450, to give Members an opportunity to offer amendments to the underlying ExIm reauthorization bill? 
Chair was about to put the question on ordering the previous question. 
If the motion for the previous question was rejected, there would be a potential for further debate on, or amendment to, House Resolution 450. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. HENSARLING. So, if the previous question is defeated, then a Member who is opposed to the previous question would be afforded the opportunity to offer an amendment to H. Res. 450 that would strike the text of the closed, no amendments rule and replace it with the text of a rule that provided for consideration of the underlying ExIm reauthorization bill through an open process, with time for debate, where any Member—either Republican or Democrat—could offer germane amendments to the bill. Is that correct, Mr. Speaker? 
Chair cannot respond to specific hypotheticals, but if the motion for the previous question were rejected, there would be potential for further debate on, or amendment to, House Resolution 450. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
question is defeated, may I or any Member who votes against the previous question claim time to offer such an amendment to create an open rules process for consideration of the underlying ExIm reauthorization bill where Members on both sides of the aisle can offer amendments to the bill? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
in reference to a question raised by the gentleman from Texas, you indicated that the amendments would be in order if the motion for the previous question failed. 
amend in order before the motion for the previous question comes to the floor? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous question has preferential standing. 
an amendment at the desk. I would like to have it heard now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous question has already been moved. 
Mr. MULVANEY. No, it hasn’t. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair is about to put the question on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. Who moved the previous question? 
Mr. MULVANEY. Was that seconded? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous question does not require a second. 
an amendment at the desk. I would simply like to ask what rule the Chair is relying on in denying me the ability to bring that amendment now. 
The question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1090, RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–313) on the resolution (H. Res. 491) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act, or the READ Act. Passing this bill is the perfect way to honor October, National Dyslexia Awareness Month. 
dyslexia is a learning disorder characterized by difficulty reading due to problems identifying speech sounds and learning how they relate to letters and words. 
not diagnosed or are diagnosed later in life, leaving them with little access to helpful interventions and technologies. Too often our educators do not have the proper training to identify students with learning disabilities, including dyslexia. 
early identification of individuals with dyslexia and professional development for teachers and school administrators. 
There is a lack of research on curricula development and educational tools for students with dyslexia, and I am happy to report that this bill would fund that research into that as well. 
witnesses during the committee hearings on this topic, there is a significant gap in getting the research from the laboratories into the hands of teachers and administrators. To address this gap, we need more research on understanding which experimental innovations will be successful in the classrooms and research on how best to scale those successful interventions. 
laboratory is not enough. The intervention needs to work in classroom settings, which are very heterogeneous environments. 
who was raised just across the river in Fairfax County. He was a most clever child because he managed to make it all the way to eighth grade before they realized that he didn’t know how to read. He has had a good career, but I wonder what kind of professor or Supreme Court Justice or even rocket scientist he would have made with early intervention. 
passel of learning disabilities but also had and has a very high IQ. At the school he attended to address these disabilities, the walls were adorned with photos of Albert Einstein, Winston Churchill, and Thomas Edison. 
the promise of every child, that a learning disability like dyslexia need not hold a child back from an extraordinary life and an extraordinary education. This is why we need the READ Act: to help realize the promise of every child with dyslexia. 
I want to thank my Texas friends, Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member 
together to make improvements to this bill during the committee process. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
first of all, I would like to thank Mr. BEYER for his generous comments. It 
has been nice working together with him on this particular bill. 
happens to be the chair of the Research and Technology Subcommittee of the full Science Committee. 
of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act, also known as the READ Act. 
and as the daughter of a librarian, I truly understand the effects a reading disability can have on children. Reading opens up such a wide world for children and for all of us, and no one should be cut off from that beautiful world that reading opens up to us. 
can result in struggles in the classroom and continue through into their careers as adults. 
since the 19th century, many Americans remain undiagnosed and untreated. Given what we know today and we know the advancements we can make with research and technology, we need to make sure we are not letting that stand. 
my colleagues to cosponsor the READ Act. The bill requires the President’s annual budget request to Congress to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation. 
Foundation to devote at least $5 million annually to dyslexia research, which would focus on best practices for early identification of children and students with dyslexia, professional development about dyslexia for teachers and administrators, and then programs development and evidencebased educational tools for children and all of those who are dealing with this. 
SMITH, the committee staff, the ranking members, and everyone who supported this important bipartisan legislation. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Speaker, as cochair of the Congressional Dyslexia Caucus, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill, the READ Act, which will ensure, finally, that science drives informed public policy. 
his passionate leadership on this issue. Today is a day, I think, that we can all celebrate, and I want to thank him very, very much for all of his efforts. 
Science Foundation research on dyslexia, including best practices on early identification and professional development for teachers and school administrators. 
most effective teaching practices and curriculum models for students with dyslexia. 
make a difference, a big, big difference, in the lives of millions of American children. Learning disabilities like dyslexia and attentionrelated disorders affect as many as one in five children in our country. 
It was my daughter Hannah’s struggle with dyslexia, that led me, quite frankly, to public service. Out of real frustration, I ran for my local school board because, as a parent, it was clear to me that our schools were unprepared 
to meet my daughter’s needs and to meet the needs of students with dyslexia, and teachers had never been properly trained to identify this learning disability. 
was elected to my State legislature. And as chair of the California Assembly on Education, I also worked to improve education for students with learning disabilities. 
want to do my part at the Federal level. 
stepping up to this challenge. They have passed new laws to update their education codes, get assistive technology into more classrooms, and to boost teacher training. 
can teach us much more about how the brain develops and, therefore, how children learn. 
In closing, I want to share with everyone that my daughter is now 30 years old. She speaks three languages, and she is saving the world one life at a time in Africa. So she finally got the services she needs and is being very successful in life and following her own dreams. 
I also want to thank, again, the gentleman from Texas, who is my cochair on the Dyslexia Caucus, as well as all the members of the Science Committee for their bipartisan support for the READ Act. 
Ohio (Mr. J OHNSON ), who is a distinguished member of the Science Committee. 
chairman. I am grateful for all the work that the Dyslexia Caucus has done to advance this very, very important piece of legislation. 
3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia, or the READ Act. This important legislation would require that the President’s annual budget to Congress specifically fund the Research in Disabilities Education program at the National Science Foundation. It would also require NSF to devote at least $5 million annually to dyslexia research. 
You are probably going to hear multiple Members come up tonight and talk about personal stories, about how this hits so very close to home for some of us. I have a 13yearold granddaughter in Texas, Marin Mangiaracinia. I have watched over the years as she and her mother and her dad have struggled to help try to identify the problems that she has with learning, teachers that were unprepared to diagnose, to identify the symptoms of dyslexia. 
and identified, having those tools and support applied consistently from one school to another or from one teacher to another is still problematic. 
Today Marin is a member of the National Honor Society because of the help that has been provided to her. But she still struggles. She has created a Web site on her own to draw attention to this important problem, and she is working hard to improve herself personally. 
am of her and the many others that are afflicted with this condition. 
both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 3033. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), who is a 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue. 
of the READ Act. I rise as the husband of a special education teacher and not just any special education teacher, one that has a real passion for helping children with reading disabilities and one that has seen firsthand the successes that happen when researchbased interventions are used with children with dyslexia. 
Dyslexia is the most common learning disability. It affects more than 90 percent of all individuals identified as learning disabled. It is estimated to affect one out of six U.S. schoolchildren. 
This learning disability causes difficulty with reading comprehension, math, and a variety of other subject areas. Students with dyslexia should receive researchbased instruction so 
they have the best opportunity to learn and succeed in the 21st century. That is why I cosponsored the READ Act of 2015, a bill that requires the National Science Foundation to fund dyslexia research. 
strengthen practical interventions, including early identification of dyslexia, development of curricula, and other tools to help dyslexics. It will help identify scalable models for implementing dyslexia programs in schools. 
The READ Act does not increase Federal spending. It authorizes multidirectorate, meritreviewed, and competitively awarded dyslexia projects using funds appropriated for the NSF Research and Related Activities Account and the education and human resources directorate. This bill is good for students, it is good for educators, and it is good for America. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ), who is a 
member of the Appropriations Committee but, more importantly, is a former member of the Science Committee. 
Mr. PALAZZO. I thank the gentleman from Texas, the entire Dyslexia Caucus, and also the comments from many of my colleagues tonight. 
READ Act. Dyslexia is one of the most common learning disabilities in the United States, affecting an estimated 8.5 million schoolchildren and one in six Americans in some form. Despite these statistics, millions of children go undiagnosed and millions more do not receive proper educational assistance. 
The READ Act addresses this problem by requiring the National Science Foundation to fund research that promotes greater awareness of how to identify students with dyslexia and how to tailor a curriculum to better fit their needs. The READ Act also aims to put more resources in the hands of parents, teachers, and students. 
a member of the bipartisan Congressional Dyslexia Caucus, and as a parent who has seen firsthand the challenges facing today’s dyslexic students, I firmly believe that research focused on practical applications is needed to not only help understand dyslexia, but also to afford students an education that enables them to succeed in the classroom and reach their full potential. 
The READ Act provides an opportunity for a brighter and more productive future for millions of Americans. For these reasons, I fully support the READ Act and encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), who is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a former member of the 
today in support of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act, the READ Act. 
family. My daughter struggled to learn to read. She dreaded reading aloud in class and worrying about what her classmates thought affected her selfesteem. 
we had some testing. With hard work, our daughter was able to catch up and surpass her classmates. But it wasn’t until high school that she was diagnosed with dyslexia. 
This is an important piece of legislation that dedicates specific funds to dyslexia research, including early detection. This bill will help more children get a proper diagnosis. 
I not been engaged in this process, what might have become of my daughter’s academic career and what about all the other students out there who may be misdiagnosed. So I encourage my colleagues to support the READ Act. 
am prepared to close if the gentleman from Virginia has no more speakers. 
yield myself the balance of my time to close. 
both sides of the aisle who have cosponsored the READ Act and spoken in favor of the bill. 
Today we can shine a light on dyslexia and help millions of Americans have a brighter and more prosperous future. 
I can think of no better way to honor 
Dyslexia Awareness Month than to pass the READ Act, a bill that will help students and individuals with dyslexia and the parents and teachers who support them in very practical ways. 
and Carol Greider, the 2009 Nobel Prize winner in medicine, among others, are some of the most recognized and brilliant creators and innovators who have struggled with dyslexia but have not let it limit them. 
We need to enable those with dyslexia to achieve their maximum potential. The READ Act will help accomplish this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act 
Science Foundation to have a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program and to fund at least $5 million dollars a year on dyslexia research. This would include research on the early identification of individuals with dyslexia, professional development for 
development and educational tools, and implementation and scaling of successful models of dyslexia intervention. 
I have known several people who have dyslexia. Although dyslexia is a lifelong condition, if someone gets proper diagnosis and instruction, they can succeed in school and go on to have successful careers. 
supports fundamental research across a number of scientific fields that provide a foundation for dyslexia research. Also, the National Science Foundation is a leader in educational research and funds learning science directly and indirectly related to dyslexia. 
Foundation research relevant to dyslexia is funded out of the Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences Directorate and the Education and Human Resources Directorate—two important National Science Foundation Directorates that fund highpriority research. Research funded by the Biological Sciences Directorate also contributes to foundational knowledge about the neuroscience behind dyslexia. 
I was pleased that when this bill was considered by the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, we worked in a bipartisan manner and made several improvements to the bill, including incorporating some of the suggestions that expert witnesses had given us during Committee hearings. 
SMITH for working across the aisle on this bill. 
I support the bill and urge my colleagues to support it. 
to urge my support for H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia (READ) Act. I would like to emphasize the importance of supporting the academic development of the 8.5 million American school children struggling with dyslexia. 
dyslexia often struggle in school. Early detection of dyslexia can save students and parents the frustration that occurs as a result of the student’s unexpected decline in academic performance. I am fighting for increased funding of the National Science Foundation’s Research in Disabilities Education to support these children and their families. Research is crucial to ensure that dyslexic children have the opportunity to reach their full potential. That is why it is vitally important to expand funding for research in all of our schools and communities. 
In my District, I have spoken with many parents concerned about the lack of programs designed to assist with the diagnosis and development of dyslexic children. By passing this legislation, we will continue our legacy of supporting children and families. The READ Act would require that the President’s annual budget request to Congress includes a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation and requires the National Science Foundation to conduct research on dyslexia. In addition, the National Science Foundation would encourage efforts to understand and address disabilitybased differences in STEM education and workforce participation, including dyslexic learners. 
this important step to ensure that dyslexic children and their families receive the support 
they need. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting children’s education and further dedicating ourselves to serving our hardworking American families and their children. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3033, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 10th anniversary of the National Day of the Deployed, which honors all the men and women who have been deployed and who have dedicated their lives to the defense and the continued freedom of our Nation. 
welcome home celebration for 25 members of the 112th Air Operations Squadron based in State College, Pennsylvania. These men and women were involved in all aspects of air operations in the Middle East and have been instrumental in the fight against ISIS. The 112th Air Operations Squadron was the first in the Nation to be deployed in this manner many years ago, setting precedent for similar units that have been deployed since. 
women of the United States Armed Forces leave behind their families to travel overseas in order to serve our country in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan, along with other missions throughout Asia and Europe. Their sacrifices embody bravery and the love for our country. 
home and pray for those who are still serving our country overseas. May we recognize them on this 10th National Day of the Deployed. 
historic storm, Hurricane Patricia, was the strongest hurricane on record. My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones, their homes, and their livelihoods. 
affected have access to food, shelter, clean water, services, and the resources to rebuild their lives to limit the impact of Patricia’s devastation. But we should not limit the storm’s impact on our consciousness. Hurricane Patricia should be a wakeup call that our planet’s climate is changing. 
ever recorded. As our planet warms, we expect more extreme weather: lengthier droughts, higher floods, and stronger storms. 
Our Nation must invest in understanding and better preparing for the effects of climate change. Deprioritizing earth science and capping spending for research programs is irresponsible and shortsighted. 
informed and prepared about coming storms can save lives. Investment in earth science research is vital to improving our understanding of our planet and building resiliency to a shifting climate. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
a good man, mentor, and coach this past weekend with the passing of Flip Saunders. 
up in the Cleveland, Ohio, area, he will forever be a true Minnesotan to many of us. It started with his career as a player at the University of Minnesota, where he started over 100 games for the Golden Gophers. 
began his coaching career at Golden Valley Lutheran College before working his way up to the NBA. Flip coached the Minnesota Timberwolves to their first winning season, their first playoff appearance, and to an appearance in the Western Conference finals. 
was a mentor to many. The outpouring of grief from players, coaches, sportswriters, and fans shows just what he meant to those who knew him. Mr. Speaker, Flip Saunders was a basketball icon in Minnesota, and he will be greatly missed. 
WHY DOES THE IRS NEED SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT? TO SPY ON AMERICANS 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Department of Justice has closed its investigation into Lois Lerner and her band of bungling bureaucrats at the IRS. Choosing political expediency, it won’t prosecute the actors. 
not only did officials at the IRS abuse their power by targeting the administration’s political enemies, now they possess spy equipment to do it. 
cellphone dragnet equipment known as Stingray.’’ These devices ‘‘work by pretending to be cellphone towers in order to strip metadata and in some cases even content from phones which connect to them.’’ 
to spy on Americans? It sounds like the old Soviet Union to me. The Fourth Amendment protects Americans from this type of widespread, abusive government spying. 
that the constitutional right of privacy applies to the IRS and to this new technology. Technology may change, but the Constitution does not. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical procedure. 
OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA TION, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes. 
move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, October 27, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and relevant documentation concerning the implementation of commitments in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and CounterProliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–311 Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1338. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–312). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Rules. House Resolution 491. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, 
and for other purposes (Rept. 114–313). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
NORTON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. S COTT of 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. D ANNY  
LEE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 3828. A bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to provide for an equitable distribution of formula funds between landgrant colleges and universities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
accountability, and reform within the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3830. A bill to reduce gun violence, increase mental health counseling, and enhance the tracking of lost and stolen firearms; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3831. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LEWIS, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
H.R. 3832. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent taxrelated identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3833. A bill to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Con. Res. 87. Concurrent resolution expressing support for designation of October 28 as ‘‘Honoring the Nation’s First Responders Day’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
goals and ideals of October as National Domestic Violence Awareness Month and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its devastating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H. Res. 493. A resolution recognizing Connecticut’s Submarine Century, the 100th anniversary of the establishment of Naval Submarine Base New London, and Connecticut’s historic role in supporting the undersea capabilities of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause, XVIII: To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3830. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the 
H.R. 3831. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3832. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3833. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
H.J. Res. 71. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States, grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. 
H.J. Res. 72. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States, grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 452: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
H.R. 662: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 802: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
H.R. 870: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 973: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1188: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. T HORN BERRY . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. V ARGAS , 
H.R. 1737: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1751: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. P LASKETT and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1848: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 1942: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2010: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2412: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
H.R. 2631: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2710: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. M CSALLY , 
H.R. 2847: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. A L 
H.R. 2896: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
H.R. 3046: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3696: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 3779: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3786: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. F ARR, and Mr. 
H.R. 3811: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3812: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H. Con. Res. 51: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California 
H. Res. 210: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H. Res. 428: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. N ADLER. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H. Res. 479: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 485: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative S TEPHEN LYNCH (MA) or a designee to H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7479 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2015 No. 157 