today on behalf of New Hampshire’s most historically important enterprise: our fishing industry. For nearly 400 years, our fishermen have provided the Granite State with a steady source of jobs and revenue. Their passion and livelihood is woven into the fabric of New England’s rich heritage. 
challenges, most of which are due to the heavy hand of government intervention and regulation. Our government must help—not hinder—our State’s fishermen. 
That is why this week I join my colleague, Congressman BILL KEATING , 
from Cape Cod, to introduce H.R. 2106, a bipartisan bill to redirect more than $100 million in existing funds to programs of crucial importance to our fisheries, our fishermen, and the region at large. 
resources and tools necessary to assist with their jobs, cope with government mandates, and increase their ability to put food on the table for millions of Americans around the United States. This bipartisan legislation represents one step we can take to ensure this industry that is so important to the history of our State and our region and 
rise to recognize 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver, to honor the hard work and sacrifice of divers from all of our Nation’s service branches. 
Within north Florida’s Second Congressional District is Naval Support Activity Panama City, the home of military diving in the United States. Today, led by Commanding Officer Hung Cao, the Naval Diving and Salvage Training Center at NSA PC is training the world’s most advanced divers. I have seen firsthand how hard the men and women of our Armed Forces train at the diving center to keep our Nation safe, and today I would like to thank them for their service and officially recognize 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2028. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas (Acting Chair) in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole House rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) 
had been postponed, and the bill had been read through page 57, line 11. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF SOUTH  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil—Department of the Army—Investigations’’, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Departmental Administration’’ is hereby reduced by, $2,500,000. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, before I start, I just want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies appropriations for all his exemplary work on this and allowing the open process to actually work. I know that my colleagues that have offered amendments appreciate the time that they have been able to do that, and I want to thank him for that. 
amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. This amendment takes dollars out of the bureaucracy in Washington, D.C., and puts it to work for the American people, helping ports and harbors like the Charleston Port in my home State of South Carolina do the important work necessary to begin the deepening of those harbors. 
Last month, I had the pleasure of visiting the Panama Canal when I led a House delegation to the Summit of the Americas. The lock and dam system in that canal is being upgraded, and it was very interesting to see the work that they are doing there. Once that work is complete, larger ships will be able to come through the canal and deliver goods to and from Atlantic and Gulf ports along the eastern seaboard. This will be one of the key economic drivers in the 21st century. 
global stage, we need to be ready for this transformation. My amendment seeks to speed that readiness, helping to transform critical ports like Charleston’s to the depth that will allow these bigger ships to navigate those harbors more often. 
setting our government’s spending priorities, just like every family does at home. We are rapidly approaching a $20 trillion debt, and we have a moral responsibility to use every tax dollar wisely. 
the Committee on Appropriations were able to negotiate this amendment to 
increase funding for vital infrastructure projects like the Port of Charleston and pay for it by forcing bureaucratic agencies to operate more efficiently. I urge the passage of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN). 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 12 by Mrs. B LACK BURN of Tennessee. 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 172, not voting 27, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Bass Becerra Buck Clay Crowley Culberson Fincher Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer 
Langevin Lewis Lipinski Lummis Payne Pelosi Rogers (AL) Sarbanes Slaughter Smith (WA) 
JEFFRIES, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. VELA changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
GRAVES of Louisiana changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 184, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
Becerra Buck Clay Crowley Culberson Fincher Herrera Beutler Hinojosa 
Hoyer Langevin Lewis Lummis Payne Pelosi Rogers (AL) Sarbanes 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 159, noes 248, not voting 24, as follows: 
Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis 
Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Upton Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires 
Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Womack Zeldin 
Amodei Becerra Blum Buck Clay Crowley Culberson Fincher Herrera Beutler Hinojosa 
Hoyer Langevin Lewis Lummis Pascrell Payne Pelosi Sarbanes Smith (WA) 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 228, noes 183, not voting 20, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Chair, I was unable 
to vote on rollcall vote No. 211 because I was answering a question on the floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
208–211, I was unavoidably detained. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on each of those votes. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 239, noes 174, not voting 18, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Amodei Brooks (IN) Buck Clay Crowley Culberson Fincher Herrera Beutler 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 212, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 228, noes 183, not voting 20, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao 
Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) 
Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Buck Clay Crowley Culberson Fincher Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained this morning and unable to vote on rollcalls 208, 209, 210, 211, 212, and 213. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcalls 208, 209, 211, 212, and 213. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 210. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and 
that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. BERA. I am opposed in its current form. 
2028 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 13, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
15, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
the worst drought we have ever experienced in California, in my home State, and across the Western United States. This is the fourth year of unprecedented drought conditions. Twothirds of California is in extreme or exceptional drought. Almost twice the area as this time last year is experiencing exceptional drought. This is critical. 
talk to farmers, smallbusiness owners, individuals, they are worried; they are worried about what the summer is going to bring. We are about to enter the driest part of the year. 
I have got a picture here. This is the 
Sierra Nevadas, one of the most beautiful regions in our country. When my wife and I first moved to northern California, we would scrimp and save so we could go on vacation and go skiing up here—beautiful snow. In fact, the 1960 Winter Olympics were held up here. 
What the Sierra Nevadas mean to California, this is our biggest reservoir of water. The snow falls in the winter, and in the springtime you get this meltoff. It fills our reservoirs; it nourishes our farmers; it allows the fishermen to go fish the salmon in the Sacramento River. This is what a normal snowfall would look like. 
are today. There is no snow. The snowpack just last month was 5 percent of normal—the worst conditions that we have ever seen. 
our reservoirs are going to be empty. That means the farmers in central California are going to struggle to feed their crops. California’s farms are the breadbasket not just of our Nation, but of the world; some of the most productive farms, incredibly important to our economy. But the water is not there. 
Now, what we are asking for is not a 
lot. We face critical times here. These aren’t Republican or Democratic issues, because a farmer or consumer doesn’t look at drinking water or the water to nourish their crops as Democrats or Republicans. They are looking at their business, their livelihoods, their very existence. We are just asking for a small amount of emergency drought relief. 
of my population depends on drinking water from Folsom Lake. Do you want to see what Folsom Lake looked like 1 year ago? Dry. Dry to the bone. This should all be under water. We are not going to fill this reservoir because it depends on the snowmelt. 
struggle. We are doing what we can to save water. We are doing what we can as consumers to better conserve. I know the farmers are stepping up to do what they can. 
here. My colleagues will talk about increasing surge capacity. Great. Let’s do that. But that is not going to relieve the impact of this summer. It is going to be devastating. 
And it is not just my State. It is affecting Nevada. It is affecting Oregon. It is affecting Washington State. The funding that we are asking for is not just for California. All 50 States could ask for emergency drought relief to help families, to help businesses. 
We have got to address this. The climate is changing. We have noticed now for 4 years we haven’t had that snow. More of it is coming down as rain, so we have got to capture that rain. We certainly have to store it, and we have got to move that water to where we grow our foods. 
But for this summer, in these emergency conditions, our families need relief. I am not asking for us to change the bill. I am asking for a bit of relief for families that are struggling. In fact, this will help them. It will help them get through it. It will help any of the 50 States plan for emergency conditions like this. 
bit of funding to help us beef up our cybersecurity for our electrical grid. We are vulnerable here. Can you imagine what would happen if those that want to harm us attacked our electrical grid? 
We are not asking for a lot. We are 
not asking for anything that is unreasonable here. We are Americans. Let’s help each other. Let’s do what is right. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks that the gentleman just made. It would have been helpful, if he was so concerned about the drought—which I am sure you are. I don’t mean to imply that you are not. But it would have been helpful if you would have actually voted for some of the amendments that might have addressed the problem, like the McClintock amendment that just passed that said you can’t take water and buy it and flush fish down the river when people need it. 
The reality is this motion to recommit will not help with the drought conditions in California at all. There are only two things that will help relieve the drought. One of them we have no control over. It comes from a higher power. It is called rain and snow. We can’t legislate that. 
could start listening to some of the people who have been advocating to address this problem for several years— Congressman NUNES , Congressman 
CALVERT , Congressman V ALADAO , Congressman M CCARTHY , Congressman 
They have made real proposals that would require the operation of the complex California water system so that it considered the lives and jobs and families of people before it did fish. 
do anything. It won’t help the drought conditions in California. We have already put money into the grid issue to try to make sure that we secure the grid so that it is not subject to attacks. 
this has been a balanced bill. We have got over 60 amendments we have considered from Members on both sides of the aisle. We have adopted many of them, and some of them have been rejected. It has been an open process. It has been the way Speaker BOEHNER has 
wanted the appropriations process to work so that all Members could work their will on their appropriations bills. 
What I would tell you is to reject this MTR and to support the underlying bill. Be happy, smile, and enjoy next week. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 235, not voting 16, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on May 1, 
2015 I was absent for recorded votes No. 208–215. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were here: on rollcall No. 208 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 209 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 210 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 211 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 212 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 213 I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 214 I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 215 I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
VILLAGE OF PINECREST POLICE DEPARTMENT’S OFFICER OF THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2015 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today I rise to recognize police officer Shirley Verde on being named the Village of Pinecrest Police Department’s Officer of the First Quarter of 2015. 
her commitment to her community and her fellow officers through her professionalism and dedicated service. She also has proven herself as an invaluable member of the Pinecrest police DUI enforcement program. 
A perfect example: in the early morning hours of March 1 of this year, Officer Verde successfully and safely resolved a situation where an impaired driver was traveling in the wrong direction on heavily trafficked U.S. 1. There is no doubt that her quick and decisive actions saved many lives. 
this honor, and I thank her for her dedication and service to the people of my hometown, the Village of Pinecrest. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today, I introduced the STEM to STEAM Resolution. We all know how important science, technology, engineering, and mathematics is to our system of education, but it is also important that we recognize that art and design are critical and complementary to 
innovative process, and I urge all of my colleagues to keep this in mind as we consider education legislation. In classrooms and laboratories across the country, the innovative nature of art and design play an essential role in improving STEM education and advancing STEM research. In my home State, the Rhode Island School of Design continues to be a leader in this field, and I commend their efforts to unlock our full creative potential. 
job creation and ensuring that we have the best educated and creative college graduates on the planet. It is wonderful to see a growing interest in STEAM, and I hope we can turn this energy into policy changes this Congress. 
MEN AND WOMEN OF THE OIL FIELDS OF WEST TEXAS 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of the hardworking men and women of the oil patches of west Texas. I have lived most of my life around those oil fields. I grew up in Odessa, Texas, where my dad was a roughneck. I have seen up close the hard work these good men and women do and the risks they face every day. 
to roustabouts and roughnecks and company men and women, have led the charge in the American energy revolution. Each has played an integral part in rewriting America’s energy story and changing our Nation’s course toward energy independence. 
their strong entrepreneurial spirit and innovative technological advances that have grown our economy, created jobs, and bolstered our national security. We depend on their exhaustive and dangerous work to power our homes, pave our roads, fuel our cars, farm our lands, and everything in between that keeps this Nation running. 
It is imperative that Congress support energy policies that are as adaptive and innovative as these hardworking men and women. Our policies must cut through bureaucratic red tape to encourage exploration here at home, reduce jobkilling regulations, and repeal the antiquated crude oil export ban of a bygone era. 
243 that will pledge the House’s support to these criteria. I hope my colleagues will join me in this show of support for a hardworking industry. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, in April 
1985, Jane Phipps began her first job as a receptionist for the office of John Murtha at the age of 19. 
Jane Phipps for her 30 years of service to the United States House of Representatives. Jane Phipps has seen many historical and great Members move through the House of Congress here and has done a great job serving many Members honorably, but most of the time was spent working for Mr. Murtha for 25 years until he passed. After that, Jane continued her service with Congressman Mark Critz, and then she joined my office in 2013, which was my freshman year. 
around the House as someone who is very caring, very committed and passionate about her work, and she loves Maryland and knows so much about the history of the hometown where she is from. She has a great sense of humor and love of her family, including her father, who served honorably in World War II in the Marines. 
thank Jane Phipps for 30 years of service to the House and to personally thank her for all of her hard work for so many Members, including myself. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the work being done to rejuvenate the South Dade neighborhoods in Florida’s 26th Congressional District. Prepared by more than 300 residents and businesses, the plan entitled ‘‘Tomorrow’s South Dade’’ is a communitydriven effort to provide a vision for the future of the region over the next several decades. 
in agriculture and military and is home to one of our country’s great natural treasures, Everglades National Park. The leaders of Tomorrow’s South Dade program have established nine committees to focus on different areas in which to strengthen the economy, including infrastructure, agriculture, and education. 
Homestead Mayor Jeff Porter and Florida City Mayor Otis Wallace, and with the help of Bill Durquette of Homestead Hospital and Bob Epling of Community Bank of Florida, I am confident local government and businesses can work in unison for the betterment of our community. 
colleagues in Congress to promote Tomorrow’s South Dade and ensure future generations have a community they are proud to call home. REMEMBERING ROCHELLE TATRAI 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to extend my deepest condolences and those of Florida’s 13th Congressional District to the family and friends of Rochelle Tatrai Ray. No words can truly convey the loss that has been felt since Rochelle’s most tragic passing. 
of Gulf Coast Jewish Family & Community Services and had been with the agency for 12 years. She was responsible for managing the organization’s 600 employees, working with 60 different programs, covering 32 counties of the State of Florida. 
with serious physical disabilities and impacted many families around the country as an advocate for children’s mental health policies. She frequently spoke around the country to share her passion for the welfare of children. 
short in an abhorrent case of domestic violence last December. Rochelle was just 46 years old. I wish to honor the life of Rochelle, who is survived by her two daughters, Marisa and Selena; her parents, Louis and Gai Linn Tatrai; and her sisters, Dana and Gai Linn. Rochelle will be greatly missed, but her memory will live on through those she has touched and influenced throughout her life. 
may God bless her family, and may God bless the family of Gulf Coast Jewish Family & Community Services. 
recognize the people of Willcox, Arizona, in my district, on their city’s upcoming 100 years of incorporation on May 3. 
Southwest. Incorporated in 1915, the city was founded over 30 years earlier as a construction camp of the Southern Pacific Railroad. The railroad contributed greatly to Willcox’s development as one of America’s busiest ranching towns. In 1936, Willcox shipped more cattle directly from the range than any other shipping point in the U.S., and ranching is still an important part of that community today. 
Allen, known as the Arizona Cowboy, and is home to the Headquarters Saloon, where the youngest of the fabled Earp brothers, Warren, was killed. 
the region’s blossoming wine industry, where threequarters of all wine grapes produced in Arizona are grown. 
Mr. Speaker, on this historic centennial, I congratulate the people of Willcox on preserving this gem of the Old West and wish them many years of future success. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week, we made some important strides on water in the West, especially in the time of drought we have in California. 
the kind of supply that is necessary to get out of the drought. Unfortunately, the bureaucracy doesn’t reward that with slow permit process or even some of the things we had to battle this week, such as deferring more water for fish that isn’t even in records of decision or been feasibly shown to be scientifically sound. 
At the same time we have to curb the 
bureaucracy, we have to be positive moving forward with new storage projects, such as Sites Reservoir, such as other obstacles we have in the State of California and throughout the West to address this drought, not just take it to the ‘‘church of climate change’’ and think that is the whole problem. 
(Ms. BASS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to join President Obama in recognizing May as National Foster Care Month. 
raise awareness about the experiences of more than 400,000 youth in the foster care system and to recognize the essential work that foster parents, social workers, and advocates have in the lives of children in foster care throughout the United States. 
Foster care was created as a temporary placement for children who have been abused or neglected. The act of removing a child, even from an abusive home, is traumatic; yet, even in the face of these challenges, the resiliency of foster youth remains strong. 
woman who spent most of her high school years in a residential facility in Los Angeles, was able to graduate high school with honors and go on to Oxnard College. It took Maurissa almost 10 years to complete community college. She explains: ‘‘I was living on my own and working a minimum of 40 hours per week, and I had to take algebra nine times to pass.’’ 
experiences but was able to find someone who believed in her. Dr. Adam 
Grudberg, a faculty member at the residential facility, encouraged her to reach her dreams. 
age of 30, Maurissa knew she couldn’t let him down. She went on to graduate from California State University with her undergraduate degree in psychology and then on to Harvard Graduate School of Education to receive her master’s degree in human development and psychology. 
Dr. Grudberg’s inspiration, I invite my colleagues to join the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth and cosponsor the bipartisan resolution in recognition of National Foster Care Month. 
HARDY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved leader in the Ceres community, former Ceres City Councilmember Guillermo Ochoa. The beloved father, son, soninlaw, brother, and uncle died at the age of 54 on Monday, March 2. 
1960. He immigrated to Ceres, California, from Mexico when he was 9 and became an American citizen. He attended school in Ceres at Caswell Elementary School, Mae Hensley Junior High School, and Ceres High School. 
1979, Guillermo attended Modesto Junior College and transferred to St. Mary’s College of California. He earned a BS in business administration and economics from St. Mary’s in 1984. 
Over the course of 17 years, Guillermo was employed in an administrative capacity for several employers, including Campbell’s Soup, Diamond of California, Yellow Roadway, and ConAgra Foods. 
servant in 2005, when he was appointed to the Ceres City Council. He ran for a seat on the city council 2 years later and won, making him the first Latino immigrant to become an elected city councilmember in Ceres. 
was a slogan Guillermo lived by. He demonstrated his dedication to community service through the many committees, boards, and organizations he was a member of. 
of Commerce, the Society for Human Resources Management, the StanCOG Policy Board, the Tuolumne River Regional Park committee, the MelloRoos joint powers authority board, the City School Committees, the Ceres Partnership for Healthy Children Committee, the Howard Stevenson Memorial Committee, the Daniel Whitmore House 
Preservation Committee, and the Latino Community Roundtable. He also served as president and vice president of the Hispanic Leadership Council during various periods of his life. 
and a strong community leader. He motivated Ceres students to actively learn, working diligently with a Modesto group of students in an HLC organization called Hispanic Youth Leadership Council. The council has had a lasting impact on the educational success of students in both communities. 
in 2011, a few years later, he achieved his true dream of opening his own business, Garcia’s Market, a new grocery store in Empire, California. To this day, Garcia’s Market remains a vibrant testament to the economic vitality of the American free enterprise system. 
One has to admire men like Guillermo Ochoa, who display consistent dedication to public service. He remained active in the community even after he was unseated from the city council. 
him apart. His response was: ‘‘My business and professional experience, as well as being a product of two diverse cultures, which helps me understand the issues that face our community as a whole.’’ 
of humanity for us all to remember him by. Guillermo leaves behind his wife, Martha Ochoa; a daughter, Kimberly Ochoa; and a son, Christian Ochoa—each of them from Ceres, California. 
Maria Ochoa; sister, Luz Ochoa; nephew, Alexis Ochoa; sister, Irma Ochoa; brotherinlaw, Rosendo Ruiz; nieces, Kassandra Ruiz and Clarissa Ruiz; and nephew, Angel Ruiz. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing my very, very good friend for his unwavering leadership and many accomplishments and contributions to our community. 
and community he worked so hard to help. We will have a long memory of him. 
Speaker, I rise today to lend a voice to the people of Syria, many of whom have been silenced by a cruel and oppressive dictator. 
this Chamber, in the country of Syria, innocent people are suffering under a regime bent on crushing freedom. 
Americans in Charleston, West Virginia, my congressional district. Many of them have family members and loved ones in Syria. The stories I heard are alarming. 
people, with one goal in mind, to muzzle any voice that speaks out in opposition to his regime. 
Syrians live in poverty. More than 200,000 people have been killed; 1 million have been wounded, and more than 3 million Syrians have fled the country. 
means necessary to maintain his dictatorship. He has rained down chemical weapons from the sky onto neighborhoods. He has dropped cluster bombs and barrel bombs into residential buildings occupied by women and children. 
under siege, starving peaceful residents into submission. He has even bombed hospitals full of people recovering from his attacks. 
I would now like to share a few stories that I have heard from my constituents, with whom I met just this previous Monday. 
lives in Syria. Several of her cousins were brutally killed by the Assad regime. 
rang out in the streets of the neighborhood in which Dana’s cousin lived. Fearing for her life, she grabbed her husband and her three young children and rushed toward a nearby basement for safety; but they were met by Assad’s thugs and mercilessly gunned down, their bodies mutilated beyond recognition. 
endocrinologist in Charleston. Her sister Dalia lives in Syria with her husband and their two children, Shahed and Omar, aged 7 and 11. Their town fell under siege by the Assad military in 2013. 
food and are surviving on a diet of dry noodles and, if they are lucky, vegetables that they grow on their rooftops and balconies. Without electricity, they have stripped their streets bare of trees to keep themselves warm on cold nights. No one even wants to think about next winter. 
Recently, a foreign humanitarian organization dropped relief materials for the town, and Dalia’s husband set up a marketplace in his home to facilitate the bartering of goods, but it didn’t last long. The Assad regime bombed their home, destroying their little market and killing three people. 
Dr. Khaled was an orthopedic surgeon in Aleppo before the conflict in Syria began, but he was forced to flee to Idlib, as he was targeted by the government. In Idlib, he worked in several field hospitals and witnessed numerous aerial attacks. 
new orthopedic center on the day of its opening in March 2013. The missile struck the hospital, killing one patient, injuring several people, and forcing the facility to shut down. 
In June 2012, government forces entered Douma, a suburb of Damascus, and ordered everyone out of their 
apartments. Citizens were lined up and told to face the wall. 
the time, was held by his mother, with his father and 10yearold sister Fatima by her side. Fatima asked the soldiers to spare the life of her baby brother, offering $2, all the money she had in her pocket. The soldiers shot anyway. 
onto Fatima, protecting her from the bullets. One bullet went through Mattessem and killed their mother. In a family of 25, only four survived. 
that I have heard, but they should be a call to action. 
The Commander in Chief of our powerful military, President Obama, appropriately recognized the severity of the situation in Syria, drawing a red line at chemical weapons; but Assad has crossed that red line repeatedly, with impunity, and the President has failed to rise to the challenge. According to press reports, Assad’s regime launched another chemical weapon on the Syrian people just this past week. 
We need leadership from the President in the face of grave human rights violations in Syria, not faux red lines and empty threats. President Obama is not providing that leadership, and people in Syria are suffering because of it. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
has been an interesting week, with all the activity here on the Hill. The Prime Minister of Japan came and spoke. He did a very admirable job. There has been a lot of activity across the street at the Supreme Court. It was rather interesting. 
If you look at the history of the Supreme Court, until 1810 or thereabouts, the Supreme Court did not have a courtroom here in the Capital—or anywhere, really—and they often had to borrow a room from the House and Senate in order to have oral arguments. 
Court in 1810 when the Senate Chamber on the second floor was open, what is now referred to as the Old Senate Chamber. The Senate moved up to that Chamber just straight down the hall out here, and the Old Senate Chamber downstairs was converted into a Supreme Court courtroom. 
thrilled that they finally had their own nice courtroom. Now, it is not much more than a museum room. People can tour that room. There were some important decisions that were considered down there, some very poor decisions that were made in that room and some very good decisions that were made in 
ship the Amistad . It was a great movie. 
A guy who grew up in Longview, Texas, in my district, Matthew McConaughey, played the trial lawyer in the case. 
playing John Quincy Adams, and I commend that movie to anyone that cares to see it. I don’t think as many people saw it as have seen McConaughey’s other movies. He didn’t take off his shirt in this one. 
likes of history books,—unfortunately, not many that you can find in any school in America these days. But it was a very important case in establishing propriety in America. 
were captured by other Africans, taken to the coast of Africa, sold into slavery, put in chains, sailed across the sea to the Atlantic, to the Caribbean. There, this particular group of Africans was put on a Spanish ship called the Amistad. 
able to get free, take over control of the ship. They didn’t know anything about sailing a ship like that and ended up landing in the United States, on the United States coast. 
proclaiming that the Africans were their property. They were slaves. They were their property, as was the ship, and they wanted to take their ship. What they said were slaves, or were actually Africans, should have been free, but they wanted to go and leave with them. So there was a lawsuit. 
could speak the Africans’ native tongue. Their version was a little different. They were minding their own business. They were free Africans, and that is what they wanted to be. They are not anybody’s property. But fellow Africans had sold them into slavery, and they just wanted to be free like they started. 
couple of trials, some apparent improprieties in the process, but it made its way to the Supreme Court in the 1830s. 
had become the first son of a former President to be elected President. Someone told me it has happened since then, but he was the first son of a former President to be elected President. He had argued cases before the Supreme Court before, including just 2 or 3 years before he got elected President. In 1828, he was defeated, so he never got a second term. 
President, what was fairly unthinkable. He ran for the House of Representatives. No President has ever run for Congress before or since John Quincy Adams. But he had an abiding sense that he had a calling, like William Wilberforce in England, with whom he had 
was doing in England, trying to fight to bring an end to slavery there and all the injustice that came with it, he had a calling to do that in America. 
So he ran for the House of Representatives. He was elected nine times, beginning in 1830. So the little plaque where his desk was, just down the hall in the old House Chamber, says, 1831– 1848. He had a massive stroke in 1848. But, over the course of his time in the House, he repeatedly filed bills to end slavery in America, to free specific slaves, and, at times, he made the Rules Committee furious because of the number of bills he filed. 
he would give a hellfire brimstone sermon about the evils of slavery and how could we expect God to bless America when we were treating brothers and sisters the way slaves were treated. 
Well, he never got a win on any of his 
votes to end slavery, but in the 1830s, after the Amistad case made its way to 
the Supreme Court, he was eventually convinced to take over the case, to argue it before the Supreme Court. He had originally been reluctant, but decided that was something he should do, and so he did. He argued the case. 
limit on length of oral argument, and so he went on and on, not as long as the 3 days Daniel Webster took in one case, but over 1 day and another, and of course they broke for lunch and in the evenings. But before the oral arguments ended, one of the Justices died, so that kind of throws a kink in oral argument. 
after having argued the law, tried to argue precedents, tried to argue the facts, he apparently didn’t feel good about the Supreme Court’s position. He didn’t feel like they were with him. 
in the place of John Quincy Adams, knowing how wrong slavery was and how we could never reach our potential as a nation if we continued the course of slavery, and yet knowing if you are not up to the job in this case, arguing before these Justices, nine and then eight, and you don’t do a good enough job, then the Africans will remain in chains, and most likely their children, grandchildren will wear chains because you didn’t do a good enough job as the attorney, so the pressure was immense. 
You can find his oral argument online. We don’t have days for that to all be recited. But you can find, toward the end of the oral argument—and I don’t have it here before me. I don’t have it verbatim. But the process he used toward the end might be offensive to some judges now. If somebody had done it before me, as a judge, it might have been offensive to me. 
Justices to think carefully about what they were about to decide: whether free Africans, Africans that started as free Africans, should remain free Africans or whether they should be considered no more than property to the people 
that bought them from the Africans that sold them. 
end, to a recitation of Justices who had been on the Court and who were no longer alive, saying, in essence, you know: Where is Chief Justice John Marshall? Where is this Justice, that Justice? He called them by name. He knew them. Through his father, through himself, personally, he knew the Justices, all those that had passed away. Then he called every one of their names. 
last argued a case against me before this Court—this was back in the early twenties—where is he? He had passed away. 
Justices who had been on the Supreme Court and died, and then came around and he said: Even the Justice that started this case, where is he? He is not with us. They have all gone to meet their Maker, their Judge. 
about—the biggest question about their lives is, when they met their Maker, their Judge, did they hear the words, ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant?’’ 
That was an argument before the Supreme Court. Like I said, that is not verbatim, but the question that he said was so critical about their lives was verbatim because he knew that came from Scripture that he believed with his heart, like the Apostle Paul is saying that he hoped that he would hear that, ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ 
insult the Justices by saying: Are you going to hear it if you die tonight? But the implication was very clear. And fortunately, not just for the Africans, but for people of conscience back in that day, the Supreme Court made a good decision, unlike what they did in the Dred Scott case, making an abysmal decision. But that was also heard and decided while the Supreme Court met in that same room that tourists— it is not as easy to go on the tour as it used to be throughout the Capitol, but you can see that courtroom where that occurred. 
thing. They decided the free Africans should be free Africans—a good decision—that they were not anyone’s property, that they did not have to leave in shackles. They are free Africans. They were free people. This actually goes right back to the Declaration of Independence, and the Founders believed that we were endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights and that we were created equal. 
those days was how even Thomas Jefferson, who had put in the Declaration of Independence, one of the longest grievances was actually King George having allowed slavery to exist in America, he, himself, had slaves. But you get the gist. They understood it really was not a good thing. It didn’t end up in the final draft of the Declaration of Independence, but it held our country back, because any country that treats people like that is going to never reach their potential as a country. 
It is interesting, though, in our history, that if you go there in what’s called Statuary Hall because all these statues have been placed in there now, but it was the House Chamber until the late 1850s, the place where they had church for the majority of the 1800s. Thomas Jefferson went to church in there most Sundays. 
letter to the Danbury Baptist, separation of church and state, there should be a wall of separation, he saw it as a oneway wall, that the government should not interfere with religion and religious beliefs, but he thought it would be perfectly fine for religion to participate in government, and had no problem. He even brought the Marine Band just down the hall to play hymns on many occasions on Sundays. For many years, it was the largest Christian church in Washington, D.C. Right down the hall, in the U.S. Capitol, in the House of Representatives, is where they met. 
credit in accumulating the provisions of the Constitution, he should know what the Constitution meant in the First Amendment that was to come. He saw no problem with coming to church in the U.S. Capitol each Sunday while he was President. 
when I inquired, they indicated that usually when Jefferson came to church here in the Capitol each Sunday, he would normally ride his horse. Madison, when he came to church each Sunday here in the Capitol, he would normally come up here in a horsedrawn carriage. 
was no way that any of those Founders were ever going to try to interfere with the religious beliefs of, especially, Christians in America. That would have been unfathomable to them. 
being argued right across the street this week, that the government should be able to compel people with very strong religious beliefs, compel them to violate their most strongly held religious beliefs, and compel them basically to become slaves to the government and the nonbelief, the amoral beliefs of people who may be on the Supreme Court. 
look at the history of the Supreme Court, you find that when the Senate moved at the beginning of their term in the year 1860, as they started that Senate year, they started it down the hall in the current Chamber where they are. 
up from the floor below to the beautiful old Senate Chamber, as it is called now, but it was actually the Supreme Court chamber from 1860 to 1935. 
I think it was in 1931 the current Supreme Court building was built because before that, the Supreme Court got handmedowns for most everything. And, of course, after a decision like Dred Scott, they probably deserved nothing but handmedowns. 
to have been President and also be on the Supreme Court, William Howard Taft, because of his political ties, he was in a position to seek and get funding for a new building. He didn’t get to be Chief Justice in the new building. 
not too long ago—I was not aware—it pointed out that when the Justices of the Supreme Court were taken through this new Supreme Court building in 1935, showing them their new chambers, the new Court, many of them were appalled. They were shocked because it appeared to them to be a palace. They didn’t even have a room for a while. Then they got the handme down from the old, old Senate chamber. Then they got the old Senate. And now they are looking at a palace that they, as Justices, weren’t supposed to have. 
there were some Justices who didn’t move into offices for a long time because they just felt it was inappropriate for Justices in the United States of America to be in a palace. 
but they are comfortable with the palace now, of course. But it was interesting that for a while, some of them felt that it looked too much like a palace, and it sent the wrong message. 
When I was a judge, when I was a 
chief justice, we had many programs on ethics to teach, you know, what the general feeling on ethics was, what the rules are. And generally, if there was a case in which it appeared a justice had already made a decision in advance, that was a judge or a justice who should, in order to remain ethical, recuse themselves or recuse him or herself. 
that had performed marriage ceremonies for couples that were the same sex. There could be no more clearer evidence that a Justice had decided whether or not samesex marriage was appropriate when such Justice was performing that. 
Court justice system that only exists for the Supreme Court of the United States—no other court in the land has this problem—they have no one to whom anybody in America using the court system can appeal on ethical issues. Congress can impeach after the fact, if something is done inappropriately. But, for example, if someone made a motion to recuse me as a judge, then I could hear it. But then that could be appealed to another judge, and 
But if you believe that a judge, or a 
Justice, in the Supreme Court’s case, making their views very clear that they have very strong feelings for samesex marriage and that they believe it is perfectly appropriate before the case comes before them, and yet they decide, I am not doing anything unethical, should stay on the Court— because they have come so far from those days when they didn’t even have a courtroom for about 21 years to where they now have a lovely palace— there is no one else that they allow an appeal to. They could set up a panel to make decisions about ethical issues. 
But when you, as a Court, began replacing God with your own decisions, when you began to replace the laws of human nature with what you think the laws should be, then naturally, you are not going to set up a panel that second guesses your decision on ethics because you are the beall and endall for such decisions. 
Court system to have Justices who have made their positions very clear, sit on a case as if they hadn’t, decide a case as if they are fair and unbiased, and then say, this is justice in America. 
humility for some Justices are gone. There was a time when Justices had such a sense of humility that they thought this was a palace they should not be in. Those days are gone. There was a time when Justices could be embarrassed about such a horrendous decision, like Dred Scott. I fear those days are gone as well. 
they will decide either—I hope they decide that this is a decision for each State, that since the Constitution does not speak to the issue of marriage and the 10th Amendment makes very clear any power not specifically enumerated is reserved to the States and the people, that they will ensure that they are not the arbiters of morality in America any longer, at least not on this issue; that they will decide that they are not going to go so far as to condemn people who believe firmly in the teachings of the Bible, Old Testament and New Testament, people who believe in the Commandments, that the man depicted as the only full face in this whole gallery above these doors, the man who was considered the greatest lawgiver of all time when this was decorated in this way, Moses—that is the same Moses that, if you go into the Supreme Court and you are looking at the Supreme Court, and you are seeing them struggling to become God in their decisions about religion, if you look up at the marble wall above you, to the right, you will see Moses depicted, holding the Ten Commandments and looking down. 
going to inject themselves and tell people what the Pilgrims heard in Europe, what Christians heard around the 
world who came to America so they would not be persecuted as Christians. They will tell America very clearly: We don’t care what your religious views are. This Supreme Court is going to decide that we are going to prohibit the free exercise of religion because we are more important, and our views are more important than the clear language of the First Amendment when it says that the government will not prohibit the free exercise of religion. 
pray that the Supreme Court has a time of humility, their hearts are touched to the point that they will not decide that the Pope is an idiot, that they, as the popes of America, know what is best for the people, more than any religious leader in the country, that they will substitute their judgment for those of the Bible. 
It is kind of hard to get around Romans I, if you really believe the New Testament. 
Mr. Speaker, I am truly hopeful that Americans will realize the seriousness of this decision and the ultimate breakdown that it will be. And I hope we don’t degenerate in this country into more violence. 
country when we get God—we don’t even want God mentioned anywhere, even though, for this country’s history, the Bible has been the most quoted book right here in this Chamber, the Chamber down the hall, the most quoted book ever in our government’s history. 
So when I am talking like this on the 
floor, we usually get calls from people that are going berserk, how dare him mention God. 
Just in the last week or two, I have 
quoted from Abraham Lincoln, who wrote an official United States Government proclamation, begging, imploring the people to have a time of prayer, humility, and fasting. And in the proclamation, he makes clear that the problem at that point, as slavery was a huge problem, the Civil War was ongoing at the time of this proclamation. But he knew those were symptoms of what happens when you turn from the religious morality of the Bible. And he said, We have forgotten God. 
once again, inject themselves as gods but that they will observe the true meaning of the First Amendment. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) for 30 
last hour or so, there was a decision by the Baltimore City State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby in the investigation of the death of Freddie Gray, a Black man who died under questionable circumstances; circumstances that kind of made us all wonder where the truth lies; circumstances that cause young people and others to take to the streets across this Nation; circumstances that brought into a sharp, bright light the question of justice in America, the question of police misconduct in America, the question of mayhem in America, the question of poverty in America, and the question of bias in America. 
Gray’s death, and the questionable circumstances around his death brought into sharp relief all of these issues of race and living in an urban center— brought into sharp relief, Mr. Speaker, 50 years or more of abject, determined, and callous disinvestment in our urban areas, 50 years or more of joblessness, bad schools, bad housing, bad health care, and 50 years of hopelessness. 
this brilliant, young, African American woman, Baltimore City State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby, made a decision; and she decided that, yes, notwithstanding all the differences of opinion, the changed stories, the moving target, notwithstanding all of these things that happened, she decided that Freddie Gray was murdered—Freddie Gray was murdered—and that she would indict the police officers who were responsible. 
By indicting the Baltimore City police officers who were responsible for Mr. Gray’s murder, she made a giant, enormous step for justice for young people, young African American men and women, young people who live in our urban areas. 
By her decision today, just a few moments ago, she has done this Nation an invaluable service, especially for young people, especially for the African American and other minority youth. These young people have, for decades now, sought and yearned for justice as it relates to police misconduct, police brutality, and, yes, police murder. 
standard that now transcends Baltimore and transcends even the entire State of Maryland. It transcends and it reaches to other points all across this Nation—Ferguson, New York City, Chicago, Cleveland, and other places all throughout this country. 
male who represents the South Side of the city of Chicago, I know firsthand about police misconduct, police mayhem, and police murder. 
68 years living mostly in the city of Chicago, I have never seen the wheels of justice move so profoundly, so pointedly, and so purposefully as I have witnessed with Baltimore City State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby’s actions. She has raised all kinds of standards. 
She has captured the imagination of all of us who fight for justice, who want to see justice delivered in the true American way, and who want to see an end to all the machinations, excuses, turning away, and closing our eyes to police misconduct in our urban areas. 
city State’s attorney has raised the standard for prosecutors all across our great Nation. She has raised the standards for mayors, chiefs of police, and other law enforcement officials. She has raised the standard for even those who are in this body. Open your minds, open your eyes, and see the truth. 
Speaker, that the police officers of this Nation, the overwhelming majority of them, are good, hardworking defenders of the community. They are not lawbreakers. They are there to serve and protect. 
but there are a few who think that they can get away with all kinds of illegal actions just because they can get away with it because the system has a tendency and a habit of rising to protect even those who violate not only the laws of the Nation, but the spirit of the laws of this Nation, these laws that keep this Nation together, these laws that make us have an identity as one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
those on the urban police forces across this Nation, these are the ones that abrogate the Constitution, shortcircuit our Constitution, shortcircuit our quest for justice, our appeal for justice, our right for justice, and shortcircuit those just for their thrill of the moment. 
handcuffed and legcuffed, laying down facedown in the back of a paddy wagon driven not accidentally recklessly, determined by those police officers who were driving, who had him in custody, to maim, harm, and brutalize him, different speeds driven by the driver of that van, tossed about because of sudden stops? 
wagon, handcuffed and legcuffed, and these police officers are getting a thrill out of tossing you around in a steelencased paddy wagon, not caring about the broken parts of your body that might occur, not caring about whether you really live or die, not even caring about their oath that they were sworn to when they were hired and when they took that oath to serve and protect. 
their thrill of seeing how much havoc and harm they could cause to this Black man in Baltimore. Yeah, they thought they would get away with it, that no one would even think to question their decisions, their thrillseeking, their conduct. 
Thank God there is a woman in Baltimore who said to them, to all the police officers who are like minded such as them, said to this Nation: No more. 
No more, not this time. You are going to be indicted, and you are going to be charged, and that is the way it is. 
Grieving mothers, Mr. Gray’s mother, his father, his relatives, his loved ones, his friends, and his neighbors can all now say that there will be justice for Freddie Gray. I said, in Chicago, there will be justice for Freddie Gray. From this Nation’s borders, young people are rejoicing now. The day is soon to be justice for Freddie Gray. 
her courage, her dedication, her commitment, and her decisiveness have spoken to the idea that is creating this movement for justice all across this Nation. 
and without hesitation spoken to all of us, to this Nation. Her actions have shouted out that Black lives do matter, that Black lives do matter, that all lives in America matter, and that Black lives matter also. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, May 5, 2015, at 11:30 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1348. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Kenneth E. Floyd, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 
required by the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report consistent with the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Pub. L. 107 243) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 1991 (Pub. L. 1021), for the December 15, 2014 to February 13, 2015 reporting period.; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1360. A letter from the Assistant Legal Advisor, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days in accordance with the CaseZablocki Act, 1 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting three reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Clerk, Court of Appeals, transmitting an opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, United States v. White, No. 147031, 2015 WL 1516385 (10th Cir. Apr. 6, 2015); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1372. A letter from the Chief Justice, Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting amendments to the Federal Rules of 
Bankruptcy Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2075; (H. Doc. No. 114—32); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 
1373. A letter from the Chief Justice, Supreme Court of the United States, transmitting amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure that have been adopted by the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2072; (H. Doc. No. 114—33); to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed. 
Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, transmitting the proceedings of the 115th National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, held in St. Louis, Missouri, July 2023, 2014; (H. Doc. No. 114—31); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1890. A bill to establish congressional trade negotiating objectives and enhanced consultation requirements for trade negotiations, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–100, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1891. A bill to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–101). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committees on Rules and the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1890 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2195. A bill to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to eliminate exceptions to the limitations 
the Army to take certain actions in connection with the transfer of AH64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 2196. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. JONES , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. 
based and promising practices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention to help build individual, family, and community strength and resiliency to ensure that youth lead productive, safe, healthy, gangfree, and lawabiding lives; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2198. A bill to amend chapter 301 of 
title 49, United States Code, to prohibit the rental of motor vehicles that contain a defect related to motor vehicle safety, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCCAUL, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. C ARTERof Texas): 
of Homeland Security to improve discipline, accountability, and transparency in acquisition program management; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
MEEHAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. P AYNE ): 
Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intelligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to require dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with responsibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 2201. A bill to amend the National Security Act of 1947 to establish a committee of the National Security Council on hostage recovery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2202. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on greenhouse gas emissions; to the Committee 
on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2203. A bill to remove the Kosovo Liberation Army from treatment as a terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2204. A bill to clarify the authority of 
States and political subdivisions thereof to regulate liquefied petroleum gas rail transload facilities that are owned or operated by or on behalf of a rail carrier; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2205. A bill to protect financial information relating to consumers, to require notice of security breaches, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Security Act of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency communications capabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
(for herself, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
H.R. 2207. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the dollar limitation on contributions to flexible spending accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2208. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to strengthen and protect Medicare hospice programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of New York, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
York, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Ms. M OORE , and Mr. N EUGEBAUER ): 
Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. R UIZ, 
H.R. 2210. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
provided for the official travel expenses of Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the legislative branch for airline accommodations which are not coach class accommodations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Mr. JONES , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H OLDING, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W ALKER, and Mr. P ITTENGER ): 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2213. A bill to provide for a temporary 
safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with private physicians to conduct medical disability examinations; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
LAMBORN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
H.R. 2215. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to broaden an exemption to the minimum wage and maximum hours provisions of that Act for certain seasonal workers in national parks and forests; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2216. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect more victims of domestic violence by preventing their abusers from possessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2217. A bill to amend the Head Start 
Act to promote traumainformed practices, ageappropriate positive behavioral intervention and support, services for young children who have experienced trauma or toxic stress, and improved coordination between Head Start agencies and other programs that serve very young children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. ROTHFUS , and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 2218. A bill to amend the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1974 to set aside community development block grant amounts in each fiscal year for grants to local chapters of veterans service organizations for rehabilitation of, and technology for, their facilities; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
who are in an authorized job training program or completing work for a degree or certificate remain eligible for regular unemployment compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2220. A bill to promote research, development, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 2221. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteranowned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 2222. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on the allowance of a deduction to Members of Congress for ordinary and necessary business expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2223. A bill to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2224. A bill to establish a pilot program to promote publicprivate partnerships among apprenticeships or other job training programs, local educational agencies, and community colleges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2225. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a temporary dividends received deduction for repatriated foreign earnings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of 
LEE, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. 
H.R. 2226. A bill to authorize appropriations for assistance under the LowIncome Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. MURPHYof Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
and social costs resulting from losses of life, property, wellbeing, business activity, and economic growth associated with extreme 
weather events by ensuring that the United States is more resilient to the impacts of extreme weather events in the short and long term, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 2229. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently modify the limitations on the deduction of interest by financial institutions which hold taxexempt bonds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2230. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals a deduction for amounts contributed to disaster savings accounts to help defray the cost of preparing their homes to withstand a disaster and to repair or replace property damaged or destroyed in a disaster; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2231. A bill to transform neighborhoods of extreme poverty by reforming the public housing demolition and disposition rules to require oneforone replacement and tenant protections, and to provide public housing agencies with additional resources and flexibility to preserve public housing units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Health Service Act to condition receipt by States (and political subdivisions and public entities of States) of preventive health services grants on the establishment of a State requirement for students in public elementary and secondary schools to be vaccinated in accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. P ETERS , and 
commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the 1915 PanamaCalifornia Exposition and the establishment of Balboa Park in San Diego, California; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
sense of the House of Representative in respect to promoting a strong national energy policy that supports the innovative and hardworking men and women in the oil and gas industry who have led the charge in a United States energy revolution; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
himself, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
ESTY, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
DEGETTE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K ATKO , 
for the designation of May 2015 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’; to the Committee on Energy 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. H UNTER, Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. H ERRERA  
sense of the House of Representatives that domestically grown flowers support the farmers, small businesses, jobs, and economy of the United States, enhance the ability of the people of the United States to honor their mothers on Mother’s Day, and that the White House should strive to showcase domestically grown flowers; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
GOSAR , Mr. R USH, Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
LEE, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. K ELLY of 
TIPTON , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. F OSTER , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. R UIZ, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
role of small business and the passion of entrepreneurs in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, beginning on May 4, through May 8, 2015; to the Committee on Small Business. 
BONAMICI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ODNEY  
sense of the House of Representatives that adding art and design into Federal programs that target the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields encourages innovation and economic growth in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should initiate preparatory work to begin negotiations to enter into a free trade agreement with Tunisia; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
for designation of May 2015 as ‘‘Health and Fitness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
BABIN, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. C URBELO of 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. W ALKER ): 
sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should pass no law that would exempt from its obligations or provide any 
other special consideration to elected or appointed Federal officials or any other Federal employee; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the Senate of the State of New Mexico, relative to Senate Memorial No. 3, requesting that Congress repeal the marriage penalty for people with disabilities and others who rely on supplemental security income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power to provide for the common defense. 
H.R. 2196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 2201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution that the Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers nested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 2204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States 
H.R. 2207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2209. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18, of the United 
H.R. 2210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is constitutionally appropriate pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 (the Spending Clause). 
in order to direct appropriate spending goals and purposes are constitutionally permissible. As the spending is national in scope and pertains to all employees in the Legislative Branch, and the conditions are clear, the limitation is constitutional. 
H.R. 2211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
Constitution, Congress has the power to collect taxes and expend funds to provide for thc general welfare of the United States. Congress may also make laws that are necessary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. 
H.R. 2212. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, as this legislation regulates commerce with foreign nations, between the states, and with Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2213. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states. Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 provides Congress and the President with the power to codify bills into law. Therefore, Congress has the implicit right to modify or repeal any codified law with new legislation. 
H.R. 2214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2216. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2217. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2218. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 2221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States:’’ 
H.R. 2222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ 
H.R. 2225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 2227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 2232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United Stastes; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. F LORES , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
SCALISE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A USTIN  
MEEKS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R OSS, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. F RANKS  
H.R. 167: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 235: Mr. R USH, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. H OLDING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 379: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Ms. 
H.R. 381: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. Y OHO, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 616: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 702: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
H.R. 825: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 893: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. R OBY, 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mrs. 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R EED, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. S CALISE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Utah, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. J ODY 
B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 921: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 928: Mr. J ORDAN and Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 973: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 986: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
Mr. B OST, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1002: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1019: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D AVID 
Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. O LSON and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 1101: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. G IBSON , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
COLE, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. C LARK  
H.R. 1233: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. L ATTA , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 1289: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 1309: Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. 
H.R. 1389: Mr. R OSS, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1624: Ms. K USTER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1655: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 1680: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. A DAMS , and 
H.R. 1717: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
H.R. 1721: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. L EE, 
H.R. 1733: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1844: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 1845: Mr. T ONKO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1893: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1900: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. G OHMERT and Mr. A USTIN  
H.R. 1910: Mr. E NGEL and Ms. C LARKE of 
H.R. 1926: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1941: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. O LSON . 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. K USTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. S INEMA , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
H.R. 1971: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 1981: Mr. C OOK, Mr. N UNES , Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M ILLER of F LORIDA, and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2059: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. N EAL, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M ICA, and 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 140: Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H. Res. 178: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
H. Res. 233: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Warren City Council, Ohio, relative to Resolution No. 4585/15, urging the Congress, and in particular the Ohio Congressional delegation, to vote against Fast Track Legislation; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Rules. 
Under clause 2 of rule XV, the following discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 1, April 30, 2015, by Mr. HECK of 
Washington on the bill H.R. 1031, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Heck of Washington, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. Moore, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Tonko, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Blumenauer, Ms. Hahn, Mr. McNerney, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Hastings, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Takano, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Crowley, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. DelBene, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Peters, Mr. Walz, Mr. Yarmuth, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Levin, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Himes, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Becerra, Ms. Kuster, Ms. Sinema, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Ca ´rdenas, Mr. 
Ashford, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Veasey, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Rush, 
Mr. Clay, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Esty, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of 
New Mexico, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Sires, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Takai, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Ms. Meng, Mr. Aguilar, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Edwards, Ms. McCollum, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Ms. Bass, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Deutch, Ms. Bonamici, Mrs. Napolitano, Mrs. Lawrence, Ms. Titus, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Honda, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Foster, Mr. Farr, Ms. Schakowsky, Ms. Lee, Mr. Courtney, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Israel, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Schiff, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Kennedy, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. Adams, Mr. Delaney, Ms. Castor of Florida, Ms. Pingree, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Keating, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Polis, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Bera, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Carney, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Meeks, Ms. Roybal Allard, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Huffman, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Kind, Mr. Sherman, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Engel, Mr. McDermott, Mr. Kildee, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Welch, Mr. Cummings, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Grijalva, Ms. Linda T. Sa ´nchez of 
California, Mr. Vela, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. DeGette, 
Mr. Connolly, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Ellison, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mr. Sean 
Patrick Maloney of New York, Ms. Brown of Florida, Mr. Payne, Mr. Costa, Mr. Richmond, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Ms. Vela ´zquez, and Mr. Fattah. 
recognize and honor Mr. Jan Alderton, Managing Editor at the Cumberland TimesNews, for his incredible career and his retirement after nearly 48 years of journalism. 
1967 as a proofreader. Eventually, he worked his way through almost every newsroom position. From his coverage of the Maryland General Assembly in the 1970’s, to his work as a sports reporter, Jan showed true commitment to his craft, and worked hard to publish the best stories each day. 
the TimesNews for the first time. There, Jan strived to make sure readers of the Times News had access to breaking stories and the best reporting. His service to the people of Allegany County will be dearly missed. 
Local journalism, like that at the Cumberland TimesNews, provides a critical service for communities nationwide, highlighting events that aren’t covered elsewhere. When it comes to reading hometown news, there’s only one place to find it, and that’s your hometown paper. 
colleagues help me in honoring Mr. Jan Alderton, for his dedication to honest reporting and his commitment to the people of Cumberland. Let’s wish Jan a happy and healthy retirement. 
my privilege to recognize HoweyintheHills, Florida as the town celebrates its 90th anniversary. HoweyintheHills is a small town with deep roots in the Florida citrus industry. 
1916 with the purchase of 60,000 acres of land in Lake County by William John Howey. With a vision to build a citrus empire, Mr. Howey planted citrus on the majority of his land, and in 1921 he built Florida’s first citrus plant. To serve as the commercial hub for the citrus industry, Mr. Howey founded Howey in 1925. A landscape with rolling hills and beautiful lakes, Mr. Howey nicknamed the area ‘the Florida Alps’ and in 1927 he officially changed the name to HoweyintheHills to better characterize the natural beauty of the community. 
Today, Howeyinthe Hills remains a beautiful, scenic small town. Situated on the picturesque shores of Little Lake Harris and dotted 
with many smaller bodies of water, the town has developed itself into a resort town with the acclaimed Mission Inn Resort and Club. HoweyintheHills is truly a gem worth discovering in Central Florida. 
ProTem John Ernest, Councilors Joseph Mabry, Ed Conroy, and David Nebel, and most of all, the people that live and work in HoweyintheHills. It is truly an honor to serve the residents of HoweyintheHills, and I thank them for their tremendous contributions to the Central Florida community. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the upcoming 153rd anniversary of Cinco de Mayo. In May I will join my constituents in Goliad, Texas, to celebrate Cinco de Mayo. The holiday has come to represent a day of celebration of Mexican culture around the world. 
Mexican general, and the hero of Cinco de Mayo—Ignacio Seguin Zaragoza. He initially studied for priesthood, yet took up arms in defense of his country when Mexico slid into the War of the Reform. As the conflict came to a close in the late 1850s, General Zaragoza joined federalist troops with the legendary Benito Juarez and fought in numerous battles, including the Battle of Calpulalpan, which ended the War of the Reform. His strategic acumen in those four years led to his rapid promotion to general. 
After the war, Mexico’s European debt suffocated the economy, forcing then Mexican President Benito Juarez to declare a moratorium on debt payments. In retaliation, Spain, England, and France sent their fleets and forced the surrender of Veracruz, Mexico. President Juarez sent one of his generals to Veracruz in response. When that general observed the forces of the great European powers displayed in front of Veracruz, he resigned. President Juarez turned to General Zaragoza to lead the fight. 
forces after negotiations with President Juarez, but the French army, arguably the best during that time, marched on to Mexico City. The intent was to conquer Mexico, join forces with the Confederate Army, and attack the Union. However, General Zaragoza stopped this invasion, in Puebla, Mexico. 
The Battle of Puebla lasted most of May 5, 
1862. Despite a severe imbalance in forces, the Mexican army held. General Zaragoza was lauded on his return. Later, while visiting his own sick troops, he contracted typhoid fever and died on September 8, 1862, at the young age of 33. He was honored with a state 
funeral, and three days later, President Benito Juarez declared May 5, or Cinco de Mayo, a national holiday. 
heritage, and are fiercely proud of their legacy. Today, festivities center around Zaragoza Plaza, which is located adjacent to the birthplace of Ignacio Seguin Zaragoza. The Texas Legislature has designated this beautiful plaza as the official celebration site for Cinco de Mayo so that future generations may understand its historical significance. 
mourn the tragic death of Warren Weinstein, a U.S. development worker who was held captive by Al Qaeda from 2011 until 2015. 
was an accidental victim of a U.S. drone strike that took place in the AfghanistanPakistan border region in January of this year. This tragedy has deprived a family of their loving husband, father, and grandfather, and it has deprived our country of a tireless champion of human rights and economic development among some of the world’s poorest populations. 
of his life to international development work. Throughout his career, he worked with vulnerable populations throughout Africa and South Asia. He served as Peace Corps country director in Togo and the Ivory Coast. Most recently, he spent 10 years working on economic development projects as an adviser to J.E. Austin Associates, a U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) contractor, in Pakistan. 
Mr. Weinstein’s life and approach to development work showcased the ideals of the institutions that he served: USAID, the Peace Corps, and others. He left the comforts of home and dedicated his career to improving the lives of others in countries that were not his own. He spoke seven languages and immersed himself in the local culture of the countries in which he worked. By all accounts, he had a warm, outgoing personality and a deep commitment to solving some of the world’s most difficult problems. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in offering our deepest condolences to Mr. Weinstein’s family and friends, especially his wife Elaine, their daughters Alisa and Jennifer, and their families. His legacy will live on in Pakistan, Togo, the Ivory Coast, and the entire range of countries in which he worked, and his service to our country and the world will never be forgotten. 
MINKU LEE, AND HELEN WU MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL YOUTH ORCHESTRA OF THE UNITED STATES 
congratulate Matthew Chow, Minku Lee and Helen Wu on being selected to represent the United States in New York City and seven cities in China this summer as part of the National Youth Orchestra of the United States of America. 
talented young musicians from across our country to assemble an orchestra which shares music with the world. In 2015, the National Youth Orchestra will consist of 114 members and three of them are from the 18th Congressional District of California which I’m privileged to represent. 
Minku Lee, a cellist from Palo Alto, and Helen Wu, a violist from Saratoga, are three of the nation’s finest young musicians selected to play for the National Youth Orchestra. That each of them were selected is a testament to their superb skills. That a Congressional District would produce more than one orchestra member is extraordinary. After training and performing in New York City, Matthew, Minku and Helen will represent the United States this summer, performing in seven cities in China. Each musician is a source of great pride to their families, their schools, their teachers, our entire community and their Congresswoman. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Matthew Chow, Minku Lee and Helen Wu on their extraordinary accomplishments. I congratulate and wish each of them every success as they perform with the National Youth Orchestra in New York City and China, proudly representing the best of the United States of America. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LORTON COMMUNITY ACTION CENTER AND IN HONOR OF FOUNDER’S AWARD RECIPIENT MOLLY LYNCH 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 40th Anniversary of the Lorton Community Action Center and join the Center in honoring this year’s Founder’s Award recipient, Molly Lynch. 
Since 1975, Lorton Community Action Center (LCAC) has served the residents of Fort Belvoir, Lorton, Newington, and other portions of southeast Fairfax County by providing access to basic needs and the opportunity to empower themselves through selfsufficiency programs. 
LCAC began as an allvolunteer organization, working out of a local school and a church basement. The organization was 
founded in response to the needs of lowincome families in southeast Fairfax, which was an underserved area. For LCAC’s first 15 years, the agency served as a resource for information and collected and distributed food for individuals and families. Today, LCAC has a professional staff of five fulltime and five parttime employees, who serve a diverse population of ages and ethnic backgrounds. 
and prevent homelessness through a variety of services and programs. LCAC’s food program distributes between eight and ten tons of food every month. Clients who need clothing can shop at Lorton’s Attic, LCAC’s thrift store. Small grants assist families with utilities, rent, mortgage, medical services, and other essential needs. 
closely with other agencies and organizations in our area that may be able to provide assistance. Perhaps most important, LCAC helps people achieve selfsufficiency through case management, ESL classes, nutrition classes, pro bono legal services, and tutoring. All this would not have been possible without the dedication of time, talent, and resources by the thousands of community volunteers and supporters. 
1981–82 and again from 1991–2003. Mrs. Lynch was a part of the allvolunteer organization that operated out of a small building on Gunston Elementary School property in her early board service, providing a variety of much needed services to families in the Lorton community. When Molly rejoined the board in 1991 she helped LCAC pursue new funding opportunities through participation in the Combined Federal Campaign, United Way giving, and Fairfax County Community Funding Pool grants. In 2011, a generous gift from Molly and her husband, Bill, allowed LCAC to open a 2,000 squarefoot pantry that doubled LCAC’s space and consolidated food operations from five locations to one. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in commending the staff, volunteers, supporters, and partners of LCAC for 40 years of assistance to the Lorton community’s most vulnerable residents and in thanking Molly Lynch for her dedication to helping our neighbors in need. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
in support of the FY2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill. This legislation will go a long way to help facilities, such as the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional Office where thousands of my constituents have their cases managed, in improving their care and treatment of our nation’s Veterans. While this is another small step to address the larger problems within the Department of Veterans Affairs, this legislation continues to show The House’s dedication to righting this ship. Some important provisions of this bill include: 
bring in experienced, highperforming managers to implement corrective actions at low performing facilities and offices 
and centralized mail, which will improve speed and accuracy issues 
Administration (VBA) with a $163 million increase over FY15, which will allow for more staffing for processing of appeals of claims in Philadelphia and other regional offices 
I commend Chairman DENT and his subcommittee for prioritizing care of our Veterans. While South Jersey still has many challenges to be overcome in access to timely care, I am proud to support this bill which continues to fix the systemwide problems within the VA. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a resolution that recognizes and celebrates the 40th Anniversary of the Southeast Asian American community in the U.S. 
Americans have become an integral part of the social and economic fabric of our country. 
They left wartorn nations, tyrannical regimes, and even genocide, to make better lives for themselves and their children. 
Americans trace their heritage to Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam. 
In these four decades, they have contributed to our armed forces, arts, business, and politics. 
coming to America, and thanks them for all they’ve done—and continue to do—for our country. 
against H.R. 2028, the FY16 Energy and Water Appropriations Act and H.R. 2029, the FY16 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, because they failed to provide funding for programs that help our veterans, protect the environment, and grow a 
The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill is usually something that we can all find common ground on—the importance of standing up for our nation’s veterans transcends partisan battles. This year, however, the bill Republican leadership put on the floor not only shortchanged our veterans and servicemen and women, but the modest increase in spending over last year’s bill will require cuts to critical public spending on education, health care, and infrastructure in later appropriations bills. Even veterans service organizations like Veterans of Foreign Wars urged opposition. The bill also included a policy rider preventing the transfer of detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility, a prison whose very existence undermines America’s security and international standing. Further, part of the spending of this bill is through the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an unrelated war slushfund that is exempt from all budget caps. 
amendment that would have allowed VA doctors to recommend medical marijuana to their patients in the states where it was legal if they so choose. Our veterans should have the same medicines available to them as everyone else, and we should not prohibit VA doctors from consulting with their patients in accordance with their medical training and state law. I am disappointed that my amendment very narrowly failed, but I remain encouraged that we continue to build momentum in this issue, and gained significantly more bipartisan support than last year. 
while it contains some infrastructure funds that are critical to ports, waterways and freight movement integral to Oregon’s economy, ultimately contained too many provisions bad for the environment for me to support. It prohibits the Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing and implementing rules to ensure clean water in streams and wetlands that provide drinking water for one in three Americans. It dramatically underfunds renewable energy support programs, while propping up fossil fuels and nuclear weapons spending, and delivers deep cuts to programs that assist low income families with energy bills. It also contains nonsense amendments, such as a measure to prevent the Department of Energy from implementing a law requiring incandescent light bulbs to be more energy efficient, even though American manufacturers have already adopted the new standard. 
In addition, both of these bills adhere to the 
Republican budget’s overall spending caps that account for sequestration. These caps reflect the lowest discretionary spending we’ve seen in ten years, and we simply cannot continue to cut government programs that are so critical to environmental protection, health, education, economic stability and defense. 
to recognize the recipients of the 2014 Reston Association Service Awards. The Reston Association (RA) is the largest homeowners’ association in Virginia and one of the largest in the country with more than 21,000 homes under its jurisdiction. Among other roles, RA serves as the steward of Reston’s architectural aesthetics, recreational amenities, and environmental resources. 
dedicated staff who serve on boards, committees, and projects to carry out its mission to keep Reston a model community where all can ‘‘Live, Work, Play, and Get Involved.’’ I am pleased to submit the names of the outstanding 2014 honorees. 
tennis instructor for the last two years. He fills the gaps and works interchangeably with RA staff instructors. Mark gives his time willingly, energetically and consistently to the youth tennis community to ensure programs like this and many others are successful. 
of the Year—Senior Movie Day Volunteers (Laura & John Cole, Pat Coshland, Michelina Johnson, Kurt McJilton, Otto & Rosemarie Tubito) 
backbone of Senior Movie Day in Reston Town Center, which benefits up to 400 seniors each month. The group has been volunteering since 2007 and contributes 150 hours annually, thereby reducing staff time needed to put on this great community event for the seniors in our community. 
For three consecutive years, Clarke has selected Reston for the Annual Clarke Day of Caring. Clarke employees monitor for mosquito larvae in Reston’s restored streams and help educate RA’s watershed staff on mosquito collection and identification. More than a dozen Clarke employees spend a full day removing invasive plants and removing trash from streams and other natural areas. This commitment to Reston and corporate volunteerism makes Clarke a standout partner. 
2014 Employee of the Year—Rob Tucker For 15 years Reston community members 
have been fortunate to see the smiling face of Rob Tucker on RA tennis courts. His passion for tennis is equal to his commitment to the community and the RA staff. He provides top notch customer service, personalized instruction, and overall cheerleading for the RA tennis programs. RA and the entire community couldn’t find a better advocate for the tennis and recreation programs available to Reston members. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the recipients of the 2014 Reston Association Service Awards and in thanking them for dedicating their time, energy, and resources to the improvement of the quality of life and health of the Reston community. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Lake County Chamber of Commerce which is celebrating its one hundredth 
anniversary this year. Established in 1915 as the Waukegan Chamber of Commerce, the Lake County Chamber of Commerce has undergone significant change and has prospered despite difficulties over the past one hundred years. 
citizens through weekly events catered to improving opportunities for networking and marketing. In short, Mr. Speaker, the Chamber successfully works to advance the overall welfare and prosperity of Lake County citizens and small businesses. 
The Lake County Chamber of Commerce for its success in helping to strengthen our community and wish them continued success in the future. 
April 30 and Friday, May 1, 2015, I was proud to join my son, Raymond Wagner, III in Fort Campbell, Kentucky and participate in the ceremony marking his promotion to Captain in the United States Army. 
event, I was unable to be in Washington, D.C. and vote on legislative business during this time. 
accompany S. Con. Res. 11—FY2016 Budget Resolution (Roll Call Vote #183), had I been present I would have voted yes. 
On Passage of H.R. 2029—Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Roll Call Vote #193), had I been present I would have voted yes. 
the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (Roll Call Vote #194), had I been present I would have voted yes. 
Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Roll Call Vote #215), had I been present I would have voted yes. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
House on the state of the Union had under 
consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
leadership in preparing the FY 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations bill. Both of you deserve thanks for your hard work putting together a bill that supports programs critical to our nation’s security, safety, and economic competitiveness. Your bill prioritizes investments in our critical nuclear security enterprise, and creates more opportunities to advance American competitiveness, and assumes the key role of the Army Corps of Engineers in resolving so many issues important to every state and Congressional District in the nation: navigation and flooding emergencies. 
in your bill are its single most critical responsibility. The bill funds Weapons Activities at the National Nuclear Security Administration to ensure that the Secretary of Energy has the investments he needs to certify to the President that our nuclear stockpile is reliable. It is essential that we provide the safety, security and reliability of the nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile. These weapons are a vital part of our national defense postures and they are essential to meeting our commitments to our allies, even if they are never used. They are a deterrent. 
supports our U.S. Navy’s nuclearpowered Fleet including the Ohio class replacement submarine and our aircraft carriers and other submarines. 
provided vigorous support for these national defense priorities and I thank Chairman SIMPSONfor his work in this area. 
Additionally, scientific research at the Department of Energy strengthens American competitiveness and enables true breakthroughs in the energy sector, and the bill preserves and protects it, especially in fusion energy, nuclear and fossil energy, and areas that will bolster our nation’s electric grid. The bill also protects public safety and keeps America literally open for business by providing for the Army Corps of Engineers to meet the need for navigable rivers and open and accessible ports. 
Members of Congress have been advocates for Yucca Mountain as we consider it essential to our nation’s energy independence. Decades of analysis, millions of documents, and billions of taxpayer dollars have been put towards the scientific examination of Yucca Mountain as a safe and secure geologic repository for nuclear waste. Your bill includes funding to keep the license processing for Yucca Mountain moving forward and it also prohibits the Administration from moving ahead with any other plan not authorized by Congress. This will ensure that we keep Congress in the driver’s seat for nuclear waste policy. 
Mr. Chair, former chairman of this subcommittee, I know the challenge that you and Ms. KAPTUR faced crafting this bill. I commend 
you on the fine bill that you put together. This is a fiscally conservative bill, which funds critical national security, jobs, and infrastructure priorities. This bill deserves our support. RECOGNIZING THE 24TH ANNUAL 
to recognize the recipients of the 24th Annual Best of Reston Awards for Community Service. These awards are the result of collaboration between Cornerstones (formerly Reston Interfaith) and the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce and are presented to individuals, organizations, and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I am pleased to submit the names of the following recipients of the 2015 Best of Reston Awards: 
Treasures (Troy and Lois Hughes)—Working in partnership with organizations dedicated to ending homelessness, His Hidden Treasures transforms transitional rental housing into homes for families, personalized with lovingly restored furniture, donated store floor samples and new housewares. 
Fedick, Yusuf and Zeynep Mehmetoglu)— Maid Bright has made a difference by providing free house cleaning services to women with cancer, catering dinners for the hypothermia shelter, performing cleaning for Cornerstones’ transitional housing units, offering discounts to seniors, veterans, firefighters, and teachers, and donating funds to help the homeless and Syrian refugees. 
Coogan, Director, Corporate Responsibility)— Since establishing its headquarters in Reston two years ago, Leidos—a worldwide leader in science and technology—immediately made broad and deep connections in the community. Leidos employees have provided more than 32,000 volunteer hours benefitting a wide range of organizations. The company also has contributed significant financial support to the community. Leidos has lent its support to meeting basic human needs, and supports training, education, and employment opportunities for returning veterans. 
(Susan Boren, Mark Andrekovich, Tom Romeo)—MAXIMUS provides health and human service programs to a diverse array of communities. MAXIMUS and its employees have supported a wide range of organizations that work locally to strengthen the safety net for homeless and atrisk families, or those with special needs. 
Steinbauer—A true Reston Pioneer, Fran Steinbauer has been an integral part of the community’s history and success for five decades. In 1964, Mr. Steinbauer became the Design Engineer responsible for the creation and government approval of plans for Reston’s buildings and infrastructure, and he remained professionally involved in the development of Reston until the 1980s. As a volunteer to this day, he has played a vital role in making sure Reston’s economy, community, and inclusive culture were as well developed as its physical environment. At Cornerstones, he is revered as the architect of its successful affordable housing program, and he continues to work for the ideal that anyone can live in our community. 
Casey Veatch—A dedicated volunteer for many different organizations, Casey leads by example and inspires others to follow suit. He has generously supported and cultivated leadership through his work with Leadership Fairfax, Reston Bible Church, Northern Virginia Family Service, the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce, and numerous children’s sports teams. 
The Reston Association’s Senior Director of Parks, Recreation, and Community Resources, Larry’s lifelong passion for the outdoors and physically active lifestyle has inspired his tireless volunteer work. In more than 30 years with Reston Association, Larry has been instrumental in the success of Reston’s many outdoors and athletics activities. These events help create environmental awareness, build community spirit, promote healthy lifestyles, and raise funds for a wide variety of causes. 
Award: Lynn Lillienthal—A Restonian for more than forty years, Ms. Lillienthal was named a Best of Reston recipient in 1998, and has certainly not rested on that accolade. She has served on the board of directors of virtually every major nonprofit institution in Reston, including Reston Interfaith, the Embry Rucker Community Shelter Citizens Support Committee, Greater Reston Arts Center, and the Reston Historic Trust, just to name a few. Her decades of service have touched thousands of lives in the community. 
me in congratulating the 2015 Best of Reston honorees for their tremendous contributions to our community. I express my sincere gratitude to these individuals, businesses, and organizations for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. 
the County of Cape May on its designation as a ‘‘Coast Guard Community’’ on October 1, 2014 by the United States Coast Guard and the United States Congress. 
In 1924, the Coast Guard established operations to support U.S. Customs efforts in Sewell’s Point. By 1948, the Training Center, which is the only recruit training facility in the country, became the entrylevel training facility for all of the East Coast and eventually the entire country. Today, the base has more than 860 military and civilian personnel, and graduates an average of more than 2,300 recruits yearly. 
beneficial relationship between the Coast Guard and Cape May County. Over the years, the recruits and military and civilian personnel have become part of our Cape May County family. And nothing says family more than Operation Fireside. Since the program’s inception 
500 recruits with over 180 families each year to celebrate the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. 
On May 8, the people of Cape May County 
and the United States Coast Guard will celebrate this designation at the Training Center in Cape May. My thanks to all who helped make this designation a reality. 
the occasion of the start of Building Safety Month, to recognize the importance of building safety and to recognize the leadership of the International Code Council (ICC) that develops and publishes the model building safety and energy efficiency model codes used in my home state of Vermont, and each of the other 49 states. Increasingly, these codes, developed in the United States, are being adopted in other nations where safety in construction is desired. 
Over the past few years, we have had several sobering reminders about the importance of building codes. In other nations, much like the case in the U.S. before the codes were widely adopted, natural events and poor construction practices still cause catastrophic loss of life. Every year, deadly fires, tornados, windstorms, floods, earthquakes and other events remind us of the critical need for strong buildings. As Congress discusses the need for resilience and greater energy efficiency in our communities, Building Safety Month reminds us that key elements of resilience and energy efficiency are properly enforced building and energy codes. 
Month is ‘‘Resilient Communities start with Building Codes.’’ I want to congratulate the leaders of the ICC, which has sponsored Building Safety Month in May every year for over 30 years. The leaders of ICC, including President Guy Tomberlin, Branch Chief Residential/Light Commercial Inspections for Fairfax County, Virginia; VicePresident Alex Olszowy III, Building Inspection Supervisor, Lexington/Fayette Urban County Government, Kentucky; Secretary/Treasurer M. Dwayne Garriss, State Fire Marshal, State of Georgia; Past President of the Board of Directors, Stephen Jones, Construction Official, Millburn Township/Short Hills, New Jersey will join ICC’s Chief Executive Officer Dominic Sims in Washington the week of May 25th to discuss the critical need to support the adoption and enforcement of current building codes, to make sure Americans are safe at home, at work, at school and at play. 
the Building Safety Association of Vermont ICC, including President Glenn Moore and the other leaders of the Vermont ICC Chapter. 
I would also like to thank the thousands of 
men and women who work every day to make sure our buildings comply with building and fire codes. Their work, largely unseen and often unnoticed, is critical to keeping Americans safe. The model building codes, developed by ICC members from all 50 states, allow every community to share the advantage 
of adopting building codes that are adaptable to local conditions, but at the same time incorporate the very latest research, materials, and building practices. This is achieved in a privatepublic partnership, saving local jurisdictions from bearing the large expense of code revision, updating and coordination. These model codes are produced through the cooperation of thousands of local U.S. code officials working with the building industry to produce codes that represent a consensus on what the minimum safety requirements are for various building types, all without a dime of Federal taxpayer money. 
Congratulations to the hard working members and leadership of the International Code Council. 
2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote number 193, On Passage of Making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
recognize Corporal William C. Phelon, Jr. and his distinguished contributions to the United States Air Force. Mr. Phelon enlisted in the United States Air Force immediately after graduating from Mineola High School in June of 1943 and entered active service August 16, 1943, at the height of American involvement in World War Two. Mr. Phelon served valiantly until he left the service in March of 1946. Corporal Phelon flew as part of the illustrious 96th Bombardment Group, serving as a Radio Operator Mechanic and Waist Gunner in a B–17 Flying Fortress. He was responsible for all radio equipment aboard the B–17 while in flight. 
participated in Operation Chowhound, a humanitarian mission which delivered over 11,000 tons of food to Nazioccupied Holland during the Dutch Famine. This mission was so appreciated by the Dutch people that commemorative ceremonies have been held every five years in Holland to remember the men who helped feed their starving people. The Third Air Division of the 8th Air Force was responsible for delivering 4,103 tons of food, of which the 96th Bombardment Group dropped 366 tons. For his efforts, Corporal Phelon was awarded the Conspicuous Service Cross by Governor Thomas Dewey on behalf of the people of New York. Sadly, Mr. Phelon passed away in December of 2014. I rise today in memory of a brave man who was an exemplary member of the Armed Forces and the community at large, and to posthumously thank him for his years of dedication and service. I hope we all remember the courage and dedication shown by Mr. Phelon in everything he did. 
RECOGNIZING THE BURKE VOLUNTEER FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT’S 67TH ANNUAL BANQUET 
the Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department, which is hosting its 67th Annual Installation of Officers Banquet, and in thanking its volunteers for filling an essential role in keeping the community safe. 
The Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department was founded in January 1948, and for more than 6 decades it has provided lifesaving fire suppression/prevention and emergency medical/rescue services to the residents of Burke, Fairfax County, and the surrounding communities. It also provides, houses, and maintains firefighting and emergency medical equipment; provides opportunities for professional growth and development for the membership; and maintains and fosters a strong viable organization. 
dedicated men and women of the Burke Volunteer Fire Department who have volunteered for extra duty as officers or as members of the board of directors or who are receiving awards for their superlative service to the department and the community. It gives me great pleasure to submit the names of these individuals: 
John Powers, Treasurer Patrick Owens, Secretary Greg Fedor, Board MembersatLarge Larry Barnett, Larry Bocknek, and Alisha Sunde 
Hudak, Deputy Chief Tina Godfrey, Administrative Member Manager Catherine Owens, Captain II Melissa Ashby, Captain II Larry Bockneck, Captain II Keith O’Connor, Lieutenant Kevin Grottle, Sergeant Jennifer Babic, Sergeant Emily Fincher, Team Leader Peter Hamilton, Team Leader James Reyes, Team Leader Paul Stracke, Team Leader Harry Chelpon, Staffing Coordinator Shaun Kurry, Chaplain Harry Chelpon 
5 Years: Richard Guarrasi 10 Years: Harry Chelpon, Ed Gilhooly 15 Years: Tina Godfrey Life Member: Harry Chelpon Department Awards: Founders Award: John Hudak Rookies of the Year: Caitlin Curran, Megan 
Firefighter of the Year: Peter Hamilton EMS Provider of the Year: James Reyes Officer of the Year: Tina Godfrey Admin. Member of the Year: Becky Dobbs Career Members of the Year: Tim Barb, 
Chief’s Award: Shaun Kerry President’s Awards: Nancy Stone, Charlene 
me in congratulating the department for 67 years of service and in thanking all of the brave volunteers who do not hesitate to drop everything when the community calls in need of help. To all of these men and women who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our residents I say: ‘‘Stay safe’’. 
honor the Coalition for Healthy Communities on their 20th Anniversary. The Cancer Treatment Centers of America at Midwestern Regional Medical Center assembled the Coalition of leaders in the ZionBenton Township to effectively address the need to improve the health and wellness of our community. 
The Coalition’s focus is to provide the community with education on ways to access primary health care, sexual education, immunizations for young children, parental education, and adolescent substance abuse. The leaders of the Coalition are working hard to provide healthcare that extends beyond the walls of hospitals. 
Mr. Speaker, the Coalition of Healthy Communities is essential to ensuring that Zion, Beach Park and Winthrop Harbor’s residents receive the proper tools to lead a healthy, safe and fulfilling life. I offered my sincere thanks to the Coalition for their efforts over the last 20 years and wish them continued success in the future. 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Brooks Supermarket, and in particular, Nettie Alvarado for her exceptional customer service and dedicated commitment to our senior citizen community. 
prided itself as a locally owned and operated establishment. The John Brooks on Candeleria and 12th Street in Albuquerque, New Mexico, certainly takes on this persona; it’s a neighborhood corner spot that caters to each of its customers on an individual level and takes great lengths to serve our senior community. 
That’s how I first heard about Nettie Alvarado, a radiant, compassionate woman who has spent thirty years of dedicated service to John Brooks’ customers. Every Monday and Thursday, store owner John Brooks and Nettie 
trade off delivering groceries to the senior community living at The Good Samaritan Society: Manzano Del Sol Village on 5201 Roma Avenue NE. These are crucial services for many of the seniors there who are unable to drive or take transportation to the grocery store. 
Customers will inform her of a sick friend, disabled relative or struggling senior and it’s not long before numbers are exchanged, a grocery list is filed and Nettie is off making deliveries. Nettie has earned a reputation for her selfless actions and genuine, heartfelt appreciation for others. When asked, Nettie will tell you ‘‘I want them to be taken care of’’ and has no qualms about dipping into her free time to ensure her beloved Albuquerque residents receive the services they need. 
beyond age, gender, race, and socioeconomic status—it’s universal. I am inspired to see that we have individuals like Nettie in our community and stores like John Brooks that put people first and serve our ailing seniors. By valuing our community and continuing these practices of goodwill and shared responsibility we will achieve a better tomorrow and build a stronger America. 
my great honor and pleasure to extend my sincerest congratulations to the students, parents, staff, and supporters of the Head Start program as they celebrate 50 remarkable years of eliminating poverty through education, services, and partnerships. Enrichment Services Program, Inc. (ESP) will celebrate Head Start’s 50th anniversary on Thursday, May 7, 2015 at noon at the Columbus Convention and Trade Center in Columbus, Georgia. 
the War on Poverty in his 1964 State of the Union speech, Sargent Shriver, a key social and political figure, took the lead in assembling a panel of experts to develop a comprehensive child development program that would help communities meet the needs of disadvantaged preschool children. The brainchild of this panel was Head Start, a program designed to help break the cycle of poverty by providing preschool children of lowincome families with the tools and resources to meet their emotional, social, nutritional, and psychological needs. 
launched an eightweek program called Project Head Start. Fifty years later, Head Start has served more than 30 million children, becoming an integral component of America’s education system. 
community action agency that provides essential services to alleviate poverty levels, promote family stability, and gradually build self sufficiency. It was established in 1964 and operated as the Community Action Development Committee. The Agency was incorporated in 1965 as the ‘‘Lower Chattahoochee Community Action Agency, Inc.’’ In 1974, when President Gerald Ford signed the Head Start Economic Opportunity and Community Partnership Act, Head Start funding was allocated to local community action agencies such as ESP. 
Enrichment Services Program, Inc. administers the Early Head Start and Head Start programs within a ninecounty area, including Chattahoochee, Clay, Harris, Muscogee, Quitman, Randolph, Stewart, and Talbot counties, located in Georgia, and Russell County in Alabama. Each year, ESP serves approximately 1,000 children ages 0–5 from lowincome families. 
to the early childhood development and forward progression of many children and their families. Head Start evaluates and works to improve six domains of early childhood development: social/emotional, physical, language, cognitive, literacy, and mathematics. Through Head Start, ESP addresses the basic needs of each child and prepares them for entry into kindergarten. ESP also encourages parent involvement by offering services such as family literacy functions and parental input into the curriculum. 
ESP’s Head Start program made remarkable accomplishments. In the Cognitive domain alone, an average of 96% of children exceeded growth range. There were 505 three and fouryearolds who were ready to read by the end of the school year. 
done an outstanding job of administering the Head Start program in the area that it serves. Because of the dedication and commitment of the teachers and the staff, thousands of children have gone on to achieve greater heights in primary, secondary, and higher education than they otherwise would have done. I firmly believe that Head Start’s outreach will continue to help preschool children and their families overcome the cycle of poverty to lead successful and productive lives. 
me and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in expressing our profound gratitude to Enrichment Services Program, Inc. and to Head Start for working to improve educational outcomes for preschool children, which not only produces positive effects throughout their lives but also creates a ripple effect of improvement in the communities in which they live. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize HerndonReston FISH, Inc. and the 2015 ‘‘Star Fish’’ Honorees. 
provided Friendly, Instant, Sympathetic Help for neighbors in need in Reston and Herndon. FISH meets immediate critical needs for rental assistance, furniture, utilities, medical care, and other emergencies. FISH also manages a thrift shop, operates an information and referral service, and offers financial workshops to 
total of 2,337 families (5,665 people), gave emergency financial assistance to 1,328 families, and helped 180 families by providing them with used furniture and/or other household necessities. FISH collected, assembled, and distributed Thanksgiving food baskets for 965 people and holiday food and gift baskets in December for 967 people. More than 800 volunteer hours were spent working at United Christian Parish on these two projects in coordination with other human service providers in Fairfax County. In addition, volunteer drivers provided 294 free rides for the elderly and other needy individuals to and from their medical appointments. 
At its annual gala, FISH recognizes individuals and companies who have made extraordinary contributions over the past year. I am pleased to submit the names of the 2015 ‘‘Star Fish’’ honorees: 
at FISH’s thrift shop, The Bargain Loft, for over 20 years. Jocelyn specializes in identifying, cleaning, pricing, and displaying donated linens. Her careful handling of vintage lace and fragile fabrics greatly increases their value. In addition to her work with donated linens, Jocelyn’s lifetime of traveling makes her an indispensable part of the pricing team. The years she lived in Europe and Africa make her a great resource when identifying unusual and valuable donations. 
Jane and Mike Drewes were longtime Reston residents who volunteered in the community in many capacities. In 2007 they moved to Shepherdstown, WV but continued to drive to Reston for volunteer activities. They started volunteering for FISH in 2006, the year of the first FISH Fling Gala and Fundraiser. Jane designed the decorations and they built the huge FISH sign that has been used behind the band at every Fling Gala. Mike created an auction checkout program that accelerates the checkout process and has been used at many charitable events. 
establishing and maintaining the schedule of Assistance Workers who handle the client requests for financial assistance from FISH. These volunteers make FISH’s ‘‘Instant’’ help a reality. Diane makes certain the volunteers are trained and ready to take calls and she serves as a phone volunteer herself. 
& Associates, provided three storage units for FISH free of charge for many years and is well known throughout the community for his support of a wide variety of organizations and causes. 
CDW is a leading provider of integrated information technology solutions in the U.S. and Canada and has been a FISH Fling sponsor since 2008. CDW has provided many fabulous electronic products for our games and for both our silent and live auctions. 
me in commending HerndonReston FISH for 46 years of service. I also extend my personal congratulations to this year’s honorees and express my sincere appreciation to these individuals for contributing their time and energy to helping the most vulnerable in our community. HONORING RICHARD ARROWOOD 
I rise today to honor Richard Arrowood for 50 years of exceptional winemaking, exclusively in Sonoma County. Mr. Arrowood has been, and continues to be, a tireless advocate and fierce supporter of grape growing and wine making in Sonoma County. We therefore recognize and thank Mr. Arrowood today for his unwavering support and relentless efforts to preserve and promote the Sonoma County wine industry. 
began his winemaking career in 1965. He got his start at Korbel Champagne Cellars and soon moved on to work with the legendary Rodney Strong. His education and experience helped his first vintage receive critical acclaim, and each subsequent vintage after that cemented his status as one of the most respected vintners in the area. 
Arrowood worked with a wide array of unique varietals, a concept that was ahead of its time. His efforts changed the perception of wine from Sonoma County, and the total number of vineyard acres in the county has increased fivefold over the time he has been in business. He was one of the first to emphasize vineyard designations on his wines, a trend that has since spread across the world. This success and influence on the industry led to an offer from Robert Mondavi to buy Arrowood Winery, which Mr. Arrowood accepted so he could return to focusing on the art of fine winemaking. 
project, which is quite simply Richard’s quest to make his greatest wines ever, and is a perfect example of the phrase ‘‘saving the best for last.’’ Its main focus is using the special fruit grown on Moon Mountain and its unique terrior. Devoting himself entirely to the new Sonoma vineyard, Richard bought the adjacent land and built a home for his family. The vineyard uses exclusively organic methods to produce just 3,000 handcrafted cases annually in its stateoftheart facilities. Here, he continues to showcase Sonoma County in the groundbreaking way he did many years ago when he started his journey. 
that we recognize Richard Arrowood for his role as an outspoken supporter of the production of high quality wines in Sonoma County. His impact on the growth of Sonoma wine cannot be overstated and for this it is only right that he be honored here today. 
honor Manuel Prol, who will turn 100 on April 4, 2015. Manuel is a World War II veteran and cherished father of three, grandfather of three, and greatgrandfather of five. Manuel was born on Easter Sunday in 
Samieira, a tiny village or ‘‘aldea’’ in the northwest corner of Spain in 1915. He was the youngest of four children and only son of Agripina Rodino and Antonio Prol. In 1932, he bade farewell to his mother for the last time and emigrated to the United States. Manuel would also not see his three sisters, Agripina, Peregrina, and Dolores, again until 1960. 
He was reunited with his father in New York 
City, where he settled in a Spanishspeaking neighborhood around 14th Street. Manuel embraced his new home, learning English at Julia Richmond High School in Gramercy Park while working at the Roosevelt Hotel. 
after entered the U.S. Army Air Force at the outset of World War II. Manuel saw action on three continents over the course of the war, honorably serving his country in Europe, Africa, and Asia. When he returned home, Manuel and Vicenta settled in the Bronx and had three daughters: Pilar, Victoria, and Consuelo. Over the years, their family has grown and spread out across the country. 
over forty years. She married Charles Sergis in 1964 and had three children: Alicia, Laura, and Charles. They also have five grandchildren: Catie, Noah, Matthew, Juliana, and Grace. Pilar and Charles live in Redondo Beach, California. 
worked in Westchester County as a high school language teacher for over thirty years. 
and lives in New York City and Montclair, New Jersey. She retired from the business world after thirtyeight years in sales. 
California in 1982, where they lived happily until Vicenta’s death in 1997. Manuel then moved to Montclair, New Jersey, where he currently lives with Consuelo and Richard. He spends winters in Redondo Beach, California with Pilar and Charles. 
old—yet shows no signs of slowing down. He still writes letters and reads the newspaper every day. Manuel attributes his longevity to the Mediterranean diet, a glass of red wine every day, and yes, an occasional Rusty Nail, his favorite drink. 
I hope all my colleagues will join me in 
wishing Manuel Prol a happy 100th birthday, and continued health and happiness to him and to his family. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the AsianAmerican Chamber of Commerce and the recipients of the 2015 Asian American Chamber Awards. 
(AACC) is dedicated to improving economic development opportunities for Asian Pacific Americanowned businesses in the Washington, D.C., region. The 11th District of Virginia is blessed by its diversity. About 1 in 4 
40% are minorities. Half of our foreignborn population emigrated from Asia, and more than 80,000 of our neighbors speak an Asian language at home. 
business community and is home to the largest concentration of minorityowned technology firms in the nation. The AACC and its members contribute greatly to our economic strength and stability; AsianAmerican businesses generate more than 52% of total revenues generated by all minority owned businesses in this region. 
businesses are Asianowned. These businesses generate approximately $5 billion in revenue and create more than 30,000 jobs. Each year, the AACC recognizes businesses and nonprofits in the AsianAmerican community for their outstanding contributions to the Metropolitan Washington community and economy. I congratulate the following honorees: 
Small Business Award: The Tu’s Group Champions of Diversity: Morgan Stanley Asian Business Excellence Award: Zantech 
Corporate Partner of the year: Capital Bank Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the honorees of the 2015 AsianAmerican Chamber of Commerce Awards and in commending the Chamber for its work to support Asian and Pacific Islander owned businesses throughout our region. 
come before you today to recognize an act of great kindness by one of my constituents, Shane Fenley. Shane lives in Griffin, Georgia and has been a UPS employee since 1999. It was at his job that Shane met Wayne Goree, they’ve been coworkers and friends ever since. The Goree family lives in Senoia and they have a 14 year old son, Justin. Justin has been sick off and on for some time, and was in need of a kidney transplant. When Shane heard that his friend’s child was in need, he volunteered his own kidney. 
tested to see if he was a match. The results showed that he was a 90% match and the doctors knew that wasn’t close enough. Next, Shane and Justin entered the Paired Donor Exchange program, where patients and donors are matched together. Because Shane wasn’t a match for Justin, he gave his kidney to another person, who in return gave their kidney to Justin. Shane gave his kidney to a complete stranger, so that Justin could receive the kidney he so desperately needed. To give a child the gift of life is one of the most admirable acts a man can do. 
with Shane for many years. When describing Shane, Todd explained that he has always been willing to give the shirt off his back to any one in need. Now he will be known as the man who will literally give you the kidney out 
of his back and ask for nothing in return. Shane said the reason behind his donation was that he had 41 years of good health under his belt, and Justin, at the age of 14, had not had any. The selflessness and kindness that Shane displayed is lacking in our world today and we could use more people like Shane Fenley. 
Shane and Justin—It is an honor to represent you. I wish you both a speedy recovery and that you both live a long and happy life. 
honor and pay tribute to Scott A. Bailey, an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Moreno Valley, California are exceptional. Moreno Valley has been fortunate to have dynamic and dedicated people who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a better place to live and work. Scott Bailey is one of these individuals. 
School as an Eagle Scout, Scott married his wife Beverly and started working as an electrician in 1981. The couple had three children, bought a home in Moreno Valley, and had humble, yet unselfishly universal dreams about putting their children through college and saving enough to retire easily. Living in the economy of the early nineties, Scott and Beverly brainstormed about the best options to keep her from returning to her job in real estate and decided to start their own electrical contracting business out of their own home. 
The Baileys had a remarkable vision to create a construction company based on an unwavering commitment to quality and not only did they achieve this goal, but by doing so, everything else seemed to fall into line. Stronghold Engineering built a solid reputation as the go to contractor for civil, design/build, and high voltage electrical projects on both a national and international level. This allowed the company to become ranked and win several awards. 
Scott is responsible for daytoday operations as the Chief Operating Officer and supports all Stronghold Engineering field personnel, resources, and projects. Over the course of the company’s 23year history, he has managed and directed over 450 projects, with the average project sizes ranging from $500,000 to well over $100,000,000. 
making visits to each project site ensuring only the best quality and safety standards are met whether he’s making trips to Europe, South Africa, Russia, Canada, or Mexico, he remains humble and true to his roots by giving back to the world community as well as his own. Scott has chaired the ABC Craft Championships Committee, has helped in the rebuilding efforts in devastated New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, and in Mexico, helped to build an orphanage for at risk children. Stronghold recently donated all labor in helping two local Riverside churches switch to solar energy. 
In light of all Scott Bailey has done for the 
community of Moreno Valley, it is clear that he deserves the Distinguished Citizen Award. 
Scott’s tireless passion for the community has contributed immensely to the betterment of Moreno Valley, California. He has been the heart and soul of many community projects, and I am proud to call him a fellow community member, American and friend. I know that many community members are grateful for his service and salute him as he receives this prestigious award. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Springfield Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 7327 and the recipients of its 2015 Annual Awards. 
its beginnings to 1899 when veterans of the Spanish American War established local organizations to bring awareness to their service and to advocate for veterans retirement benefits and improved medical care. Annually, the nearly 2 million members of the VFW and its Auxiliaries contribute more than 8.6 million hours of volunteerism in the community, including participation in Make A Difference Day and National Volunteer Week. 
Ladies Auxiliary members, the Springfield VFW Post 7327 stands out for the depth of its commitment to our community. Often called ‘‘The Friendliest VFW Post in Virginia,’’ Post 7327 has one of the most aggressive ADOPT–A–UNIT programs in the entire VFW organization to support our service members stationed overseas. VFW Post 7327 visits the VA hospital at least quarterly, bringing along goodie bags for our Wounded Warriors. Each Thanksgiving and Christmas, VFW Post 7327 adopts military families in need through the USO and provides them with meal baskets for each holiday, gifts for children, commissary cards for the parents, and a Christmas party where the children can meet Santa and receive a giftfilled stocking. The Ladies Auxiliary members collect, sort, and distribute more than 2,000 pieces of clothing each month to various charitable organizations. VFW Post 7327 is a strong supporter of local youth organizations including the Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, and Little League Baseball that contribute greatly to the education and wellbeing of our children. 
to local students who have submitted outstanding essays on a theme and to local teachers and public safety officers in recognition of their extraordinary actions and dedication. I am honored to submit the names of the following 2015 honorees: 
me in congratulating the 2015 Awardees and in thanking the members, Ladies Auxiliary, program sponsors, and supporters of VFW Post 7327 for their continued service to our country and our community. 
today to honor a terrific educator, strong civic leader, and outstanding citizen, Lieutenant Colonel Joel Davis, Jr. (U.S. Army). LTC Davis will be retiring from his post as Professor of Military Science and Commander of the Senior ROTC Wildcat Battalion at the Fort Valley State University (FVSU). He will be honored by the administration, faculty, students, and supporters at FVSU’s 2015 Spring Commencement Ceremony on Saturday, May 2, 2015 in Fort Valley, Georgia. 
Davis, Jr. graduated as a Distinguished Military Graduate and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice from Savannah State College, now Savannah State University, in 1990. In 2004, he earned a Master’s degree in Military Operational Art and Science from Air University, Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, and a Master of Science degree in Human Resource Management from Troy University in Troy, Alabama. 
the Republic of Korea, Japan, the Philippines, Panama, Marshall Islands, Guam, Kuwait, Baghdad, Iraq, and Haiti. His most recent assignments include serving as Chief of Intelligence for the United Nations Humanitarian Assistance Mission in Haiti, where he served as the Senior Military Intelligence Advisor to the Force Commander, Contingent Commanders, and staff in support of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in PortauPrince, Haiti. In 2007–2009, he served as the Chief of Intelligence/G2 for the 8th Theater Sustainment Command, the Brigade S3/Operations Officer, 500th Military Intelligence Brigade and the Battalion Executive Officer, 205th Military Battalion in Fort Shafter, Hawaii. LTC Davis has held several other Command and key billets during his 30 years of military service, including his time as an Infantryman in the U.S. Marine Corps. 
The Second Congressional District of Georgia gained a respected and compassionate leader when LTC Davis arrived in Fort Valley, Georgia in June 2011 to serve as Professor of Military Science and Commander of the Senior ROTC Wildcat Battalion at Fort Valley State University, with partnerships at Albany State University and Darton College in Albany, 
Georgia. In this capacity, LTC Davis provided command and control over recruiting, developing, training, and retaining more than 155 Cadets, as well as the commissioning of 13 second lieutenants annually. He developed guidance and program objectives for 10 Cadre/Staff members to meet annual training and mission requirements. As the Department Head, LTC Davis managed an effective and efficient military science program that exceeded the high standards set by the U.S. Army and Fort Valley State University. 
fostered valuable relationships with the University administration, faculty, community partners, and external centers of influence, as well as with Army recruiting organizations, the U.S. Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard. He supports numerous JROTC units and high schools throughout the state of Georgia and beyond to help motivate America’s youth to become better citizens. An excellent role model and mentor, LTC Davis is a loyal and 
altruistic leader who is committed to assisting young command members develop life skills and realize their full potential. 
me, my wife Vivian, and the Fort Valley State University community in honoring Lieutenant Colonel Joel Davis, Jr. for his contributions to the Fort Valley State University and to our great nation. 
HONORING RABBI LEONID FELDMAN OF TEMPLE BETH EL IN WEST PALM BEACH 
honor Leonid Feldman, who is the rabbi of Temple Beth El in West Palm Beach, Florida. Rabbi Feldman has led a remarkable life. Growing up in the Soviet Republic of Moldavia, where the open practice of Judaism was forbidden, he was unaware that he was Jewish. At age 21, he had learned enough to become a passionate Zionist and applied for a visa to emigrate. For this, he was imprisoned by Soviet authorities as a ‘‘refusenik.’’ 
leave the Soviet Union and emigrated to Israel, where he became a citizen and served honorably in the Israeli army. Following his time in Israel, he became Director of Education for Soviet Emigres in Italy. Rabbi Feldman eventually came to the United States, where he decided to attend the Jewish Theological Seminary, becoming the first and still the only Sovietborn Conservative rabbi in America. 
U.S. Congress and the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (the Helsinki Commission). A respected and much in demand lecturer, he has spoken to audiences in 37 states and 19 countries and authored featured articles in national newspapers. Rabbi Feldman has been a visiting professor at the Jewish University of Moscow and the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York, his alma mater. 
of Temple Beth El in West Palm Beach where, in 2013, he was bar mitzvahed at age 60. 
Rabbi Leonid Feldman is widely known and much loved by the members of his congregation, his fellow clerics of all denominations and people throughout Palm Beach County. I am pleased to honor this remarkable man, who is truly deserving of being recognized in the annals of our nation. 
RECEIPT OF LEADERSHIP FAIRFAX’S KATHERINE K. HANLEY PUBLIC SERVICE AWARD FOR 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize this year’s recipient of Leadership Fairfax’s Katherine K. Hanley Public Service Award. This year’s award goes to Dean Klein, a 1997 graduate of Leadership Fairfax. 
dedicated to finding, training, and growing leaders in Northern Virginia. Leadership Fairfax seeks to build leaders who raise the tide not only in their organization or local community but also across the whole Northern Virginia region. Graduates from its programs become part of and stay connected to a fast growing number of civic leaders. I’ve always said, ‘‘When you walk into a room, it’s easy to spot the Leadership Fairfax graduates—they just stand out!’’ 
Northern Virginia is blessed with many leaders who have given their time and service to make a difference in our community. To recognize these outstanding leaders among us, Leadership Fairfax instituted the Katherine K. Hanley Public Service Award. This annual award, now in its 12th year, honors an individual for his or her outstanding accomplishments in the areas of public service employment or service on a public board, authority, or commission and for lasting contributions to the quality of life in the community. 
for many years. He currently serves as Director of the Office to Prevent and End Homelessness in Fairfax County since being appointed by the Board of Supervisors in March 2009. I was pleased to help establish that office under the 10year Plan to Prevent and End Homelessness, an initiative the County launched when I served as Chairman of the Board. Under Mr. Klein’s leadership, Fairfax has partnered with the neighboring City of Falls Church so that these jurisdictions can take a regional approach to the problem of homelessness. One of his many successes has been to increase the number of individuals moving out of emergency shelters to permanent housing. He grew this number from 243 in 2010 to 926 individuals in 2014. As a result of that and other efforts, Fairfax has actually reduced the number of people experiencing homelessness by more than onethird, becoming a standout model for success for those communities still struggling to break the cycle of homelessness. For his accomplishments Mr. Klein was recognized in 2014 with Fairfax County’s highest employee honor, the A. Heath Onthank Award. 
metropolitan area’s largest corporate philanthropic funder. He oversaw the Foundation’s support for housing programs throughout the United States and oversaw the Foundation’s investments in the Gulf Coast area after Hurricane Katrina. Mr. Klein came to the Foundation from Doorways for Women and Families in Arlington, where he was executive director and oversaw all operations for the organization including a Safehouse for Domestic Violence, Emergency Shelter for homeless families, a Thrift Store, and transitional housing for families. Mr. Klein also served for six years as executive director of Shelter House, overseeing this organization and serving homeless families in our community. He earned a Master of Social Work degree from Howard University, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism and Advertising from Ohio State University. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Dean Klein for receiving the Katherine K. Hanley Public Service Award and in thanking Leadership Fairfax for continuing to develop such talented and passionate leaders for Northern Virginia. 
today to recognize a significant milestone in one of the preeminent organizations, not only in the Fifth Congressional District of Missouri, which I proudly represent, but throughout the region—Theta Boule ´of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity. I am especially proud to be a member of Theta Boule ´. The milestone I mentioned is the 
celebration of its Centennial observance that will be held June 4–6, 2015 in Kansas City. 
1915 with fourteen founding Archons who laid a strong foundation of fraternal fellowship in the Greater Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Dr. William J. Tompkins met Grand Sire Archon William C McCard while traveling in the eastern part of the country and was authorized by the Grand Sire Archon to plan the organization of a member Boule ´in Kansas 
City. With the cooperation of Archons from Beta Boule ´in Chicago and Eta Boule ´in St. 
Louis, Dr. Tompkins and his colleague, Dr. Lloyd E. Bailer organized Theta Boule ´. The 
charter Archons of Theta Boule ´were all outstanding members of the Kansas City community and of their respective professions. Faced with cultural realities of the early Twentieth Century, these Archons found in each other a source of mutual support, enlightenment and a retreat of friendship and fraternity. Each sensed a significant void created by the pervasive permanence of American institutional racism and exclusionary practices predominant during that era. Throughout its history, the Archons of Theta Boule ´have upheld the high 
founded on May 22, 1915 with 14 outstanding Archons. Our founding members included Lloyd E. Bailer, Gideon W. Brown, Charles H. 
Calloway, T.C. Chapman, John A. Hodge, W.C. Hueston, Woody Jacobs, J.P. King, J.E. Perry, J.D. Shannon, M.H. Thompkins, W.J. Thompkins, S.H. Thompson, and Homer Wilburn. 
Theta has been privileged to host the Seventh Grand Boule ´in 1921 and the FortyFirst 
Archons have been privileged to sit within the august council of Theta Boule ´. One of Theta’s 
charter members, Charles H. Calloway served as Grand Sire Archon, from 1921 to 1923. Archon Calloway was also a founding member of the National Bar Association in 1925 and served as its second President. Another founding member mentioned previously was Dr. William J. Thompkins, an outstanding physician and civic leader, who later became a resident of the District of Columbia after he accepted the appointment of President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1934 to serve as Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia. Dr. Thompkins was also instrumental in the establishment of General Hospital No. 2 in 1908. 
led today by Randall C. Ferguson, Jr., who serves as Sire Archon; Ralph D. Reid is Sire Archonelect; and Dr. Roger C. Williams, Jr. who serves as Grammateus. The remaining officers are: Thesauristes, Nikki Newton; Agogos, Stewart S. Myers; Rhetoricos, Kelvin Simmons; and Grapter, Lonnie Powell. The Membership Council is Chaired by Judge Jon R. Gray, (Ret.) and includes Herbert Hardwick and Robert Hughes, Jr. as Members. 
One Hundred years in the life of any person, organization or institution is a significant milestone and serves as a testament of fidelity to principles, seriousness of purpose and devotion to goals and objectives. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me and our colleagues in expressing our collective congratulations to Theta Boule ´of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity and extending our heartfelt wishes for even greater success as it begins its second century. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to A. Alfred Taubman, who made immeasurable contributions to my home state of Michigan and to our nation. Mr. Taubman passed away on April 17, 2015. 
Mr. Taubman, known to many of us as Al, 
loomed large in the business, cultural and religious life of Southeast Michigan and far beyond, but his beginnings were far more modest. The son of Jewish German immigrants, Mr. Taubman began working at the age of 9 after his father’s business went bankrupt during the Great Depression. After serving in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II, Mr. Taubman attended the University of Michigan, where he studied architecture. 
watered by these experiences—his father’s construction company, his studies in architecture, and the drive to work hard from a very young age. He also had a keen understanding of the needs and wants of people in America’s postwar economy, a period in which people 
migrated from cities to what would become thriving suburbs. Rather than building homes as his father did, Mr. Taubman focused on the shopping needs of suburban families, and helped to pioneer the growth of shopping malls. 
designed, built, and operated shopping malls throughout the country. These malls, and 
other investments, brought him significant wealth—wealth he decided to put to use not just in his business endeavors, but in a vast array of worthy causes. Dr. Mark Schlissel, President of the University of Michigan, quoted Mr. Taubman as having said that his father taught him that ‘‘If I make a donation, I have given once. If I then solicit monies, I gave twice. And if my contribution has inspired others to support a good cause, I will have given three times.’’ The University of Michigan and its missions were especially close to Al Taubman’s heart, as Dr. Schlissel and the entire U of M community would attest. While it is not possible to list each and every institution which benefited so greatly from Mr. Taubman’s philanthropy, some of those which did in addition to the University of Michigan are Lawrence Technological University (where he also studied), Wayne State University, the College for Creative Studies, Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School, Brown University, the Detroit Institute of Arts, the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, the Jewish Federation, United Jewish Foundation of Metro Detroit and the Damon J. Keith Center for Civil Rights. 
Taubman contributed so much does not provide the full measure of the person he was. On his death I communicated these thoughts: ‘‘Al Taubman impacted the wellbeing of millions who never met him because of his unwavering support for the health and education needs of all Americans. He earned great wealth but never forgot his roots. He reached the top but maintained compassion for the underdog. He could be very blunt but even more sensitive about the feelings of the others. He was much beloved by all of us privileged to know him over many years.’’ 
the issues he cared about was on full display in the successful effort in 2008 to amend Michigan’s Constitution to legalize expanded embryonic stem cell research in my state. Mr. Taubman was not only a vital financial contributor to the campaign, but as the Detroit Free Press noted, ‘‘. . . he crusaded in ways that couldn’t be measured by dollar signs, arguably providing stem cell advocates with their loudest voice during the 2008 campaign.’’ He organized a fundraiser with former President Bill Clinton, hosted meetings where people could learn more about the science involved, and weighed in with the press and with elected officials on the merits of embryonic stem cell research and the need for the constitutional amendment. The measure passed. There is no doubt that had Al Taubman not so fully invested his time, talents, and resources into the effort the present pioneering efforts now being undertaken at the University of Michigan would not be happening. 
Taubman Medical Research Institute on stems cells and beyond is a legacy of Al Taubman’s and is likely to benefit untold numbers of people in our lives facing chronic disease who will 
never have heard his name, but fame is not 
what he sought. His many endeavors have touched and will touch the lives of countless Americans. I encourage my colleagues to join in paying tribute to his many contributions to our country, and in offering condolences to his family, including his wife, Judith Taubman; his children William Taubman, Robert Taubman, and Gayle Taubman Kalisman; his stepchildren Tiffany Dubin and Christopher Rounick; and to his nine grandchildren and greatgrandchild. 
today to honor a terrific educator and outstanding citizen, Dr. Isaac ‘‘Ike’’ Crumbly, who will be celebrating 50 remarkable years of teaching at the Fort Valley State University (FVSU) in Fort Valley, Georgia. He will be honored by the administration, faculty, students, and supporters at FVSU’s 2015 Spring Commencement Ceremony on Saturday, May 2, 2015 in Fort Valley, Georgia. 
and a Ph.D. in botany, Dr. Isaac J. Crumbly was picking cotton to help support his ten brothers and sisters. With an inherent knowledge of the art of cultivation and the science of plant life, Dr. Crumbly was destined to end up at Fort Valley State University, a state and landgrant university founded in 1895 that has made significant contributions to agriculture and related fields. 
State College, now Fort Valley State University, in 1965 as a Professor in the Biology Department. In the 50 intervening years, his role at the University has grown to include Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Director of the Cooperative Developmental Energy Program. 
kind Cooperative Developmental Energy Program (CDEP), a dualdegree STEM education program, in response to a call for proposals from the U.S. Department of Energy. The program’s primary objective is to increase the number of minorities and women pursuing careers in the energy industry. With more than $4 million dollars to support their education, students in the program have logged over 250,000 hours of handson experience. CDEP has been recognized by the University System of Georgia, the Georgia House of Representatives, and two U.S. Presidents, Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama, for its success. 
greater heights, Dr. Crumbly has given of his time and talents to mentor thousands of FVSU students in his STEM classes. Through CDEP, he is responsible for the education, employment, and successful careers of over 126 CDEP graduates who are engineers, geoscientists, and health physicists. 
Dr. Crumbly’s impact has stretched far beyond his immediate students, however. A skilled grantsman, Dr. Crumbly has helped bring in over $30 million for the University and its students through funded grants, internships, and scholarships. He also has helped 
established partnerships with over 70 corporate, private, and university entities. Dr. Crumbly has been recognized numerous times by various professional and scholarly organizations for his work in educating students in STEM. 
me, my wife Vivian, and the Fort Valley State University community in honoring Dr. Isaac J. Crumbly for 50 outstanding years of contributing to the education and success of students at the Fort Valley State University. 
STILLSON FOR RECOGNITION AS THE RESTON CITIZEN ASSOCIATION’S CITIZEN OF THE YEAR FOR 2014 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend Marion Stillson of Reston on being recognized as the 2014 Citizen of the Year by the Reston Citizens Association. 
The Reston Citizens Association was founded in 1967 to promote and protect Reston’s founding principles by serving as a nonpartisan forum for all residents and as an advocate for the community with County and State governments. 
back to 1976 and honors an individual whose actions are consistent with the goals of Reston and the RCA. Recipients are recognized for contributing to the quality of life in Reston and for providing assistance to our neighbors in need. Marion and her husband Dick arrived in the Reston area in 1973. Marion’s service to the community began in October 1980 when she was selected as one of the first members of the Reston Community Center’s Board of Governors and provided valuable input on accessibility issues. Since then, she has been involved in a wide variety of issues important to Reston, the region, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the nation. 
in 2009 and President in 2010 and served our community in that role over two terms. During her tenure, RCA established the Reston Accessibility Committee, which helps ensure that local businesses provide access to retail, office and public amenity locations for those with mobility impairments, created the Reston 2020 Committee to analyze and advocate on land use issues, and implemented the Sustainable Reston Initiative to raise awareness of the need to address the effects on the Reston community of peak oil, global climate change and economic disruption. 
At the county level, Marion has been appointed to the Election Improvement Commission, the Wiehle Avenue Steering Committee, the Hunter Mill District Budget Committee and has served as an elections officer. 
have been reflected in her distinguished professional career which has included serving as a lobbyist for the American Association of University Women; Staff Attorney National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws; Staff Attorney for the National Labor Relations Board; Director of the Criminal Justice Advocacy Project for the DC Coalition Against Domestic Violence; Attorney/Counselor/Mediator for the Architect of the Capitol Fair Employment Practices Office. In these roles, she directly influenced and in some instances created national policy in numerous areas. 
me in congratulating Marion Stillson for this award and thanking her for her committed and selfless service to our community. 
today to honor the 40th anniversary of The Rotary Club of The Woodlands, Texas. Across our nation and world, service organizations make communities stronger through educational, vocational and community health programs. Since its formation, the leaders and members of this Rotary Club, of which I’m a proud member, has achieved all that—and more. 
business leaders stepped forward to find solutions and make a positive difference in a new master planned community known as The Woodlands, Texas. Within two months of their first meeting, Rotary International approved their charter on May 9, 1975. 
changed both within our Rotary and world, but the Rotary Club of the Woodlands continues to grow and serve. Today 174 business and community leaders keep the Club moving forward by putting servant leadership first. The number of service projects and programs has increased, while educational scholarships for local students remain at the heart of it all. 
Before this new century the Club’s Scholarship fund reached $250,000, necessitating the creation of a foundation. Over $1.3 million has been raised for deserving students—and many new community leaders credit their Rotary scholarships for making their education dreams a reality. 
at local high schools where future Rotarians and community leaders connect with mentors, develop leadership skills and make connections through service projects and club meetings. 
Woodlands on a program called ‘‘Serving Our Seniors.’’ Twice annually, Rotarians, Interact students, Interfaith staff and volunteers come together to help seniors with a variety of home repair, improvement and landscaping chores. 
exchange student who attends high school in the community. This cultural and educational exchange benefits the hosted student, their home country and local students who get to know more about other cultures. 
of newborns in a South American medical clinic near the areas known for the Children of the Dump. This project ensures many lives begin in a sanitary environment and involves out local Interact Clubs who put together the layettes from supplies purchased by the Club with matching funds from Rotary International. 
with local community college students. The ‘‘Show Me the Money’’ project pairs up Rotarians with students in a positive, affirming environment. Our sessions include making the right first impression and financial literacy. 
this Club has completed over the past forty years to share them all, but a conservative estimate is that Rotarians from The Woodlands Club have put in tens of thousands of service hours. 
So, to my fellow Rotarians I thank you for 
40 years of living the Rotary motto of ‘‘Service before Self’’ in thought, word, and most importantly, in deeds. May your exemplary servant leadership continue to bless our community. 
when I share what my home Rotary club does for our community. Today I want all of America to join with us in celebrating 40 great years. I can’t wait to see what the future holds for The Rotary Club of The Woodlands. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague and friend, Mr. B EYER , for his leadership on this issue. 
Our friends on the other side of the aisle are 
once again attempting to substitute Congress’ will outside its purview, this time by prohibiting the Army Corps of Engineers and the EPA from finalizing their Waters of the U.S. rule. 
This is nothing new. Earlier this year they tried to get into the 
local permitting process by forcing states to accept the Keystone XL pipeline. As a former local government official you can imagine how shocked I was at that effort. 
And let us not forget how often they seek to 
tell the District of Columbia, and its residents, how they should be governed. 
Now, my friends wish to halt federal rulemaking prescribed under the Clean Water Act, almost a decade in the making and after more than a million public comments and numerous public hearings and stakeholder meetings, just before a final rule is released. 
Remember, it was Congress and the Supreme Court who asked for clarification for what should be defined as ‘‘navigable waters.’’ 
streams and millions of acres of wetlands currently lack clear protection from pollution under the Clean Water Act. Current loopholes put at risk 2 million miles of our streams, threatening the drinking water of 117 million Americans, and jeopardizing 20 million acres of wetlands. 
The proposed rule would provide an estimated $388 million to $514 million annually of benefits to the public, including reducing flooding, filtering pollution, providing wildlife habitat, supporting hunting and fishing, and recharging groundwater. The public benefits significantly outweigh the costs for mitigating impacts to streams and wetlands, and taking steps to reduce pollution to our waterways. 
Why don’t we let the rulemaking process finish and then we can see if it needs to be fixed. The BeyerConnolly amendment will do that. But let’s not jump to judgement. 
Congress has a role to play. But it shouldn’t 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pride that I rise today to join the community of Guilford, Connecticut, as well as the Fradiani family, friends, and fans of all ages in extending my heartfelt congratulations to Connecticut’s own Nick Fradiani, Jr. who this week became a finalist on Season XIV of the reality television series American Idol. 
bringing him to gigs as a child and blessed with a special talent all his own it is not hard to believe that Nick developed a passion for music. Though he has really only focused on music as a career over the last decade, it is that passion that makes Nick’s performances so special and why he has been able to build such a strong fan base in Connecticut. 
taken American Idol Season XIV by storm and, in the process, has sparked a unique enthusiasm across his home state of Connecticut. Bringing his own style to fan favorites like Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers’ ‘‘American Girl,’’ Billy Joel’s ‘‘Only the Good Die Young,’’ Maroon 5’s ‘‘Harder To Breathe,’’ Rod Stewart’s ‘‘Maggie May,’’ Matchbox Twenty’s ‘‘Bright Lights,’’ and Rascall Flatts ‘‘What Hurts the Most’’ he has impressed American Idol judges and, more importantly, won the hearts 
and minds of millions across the country who have voted to ensure his continued appearances. 
Nick has created quite the fervor in Connecticut—reflected in the thousands of fans across the state who crowd into viewing parties or watch from each week to see him perform and vote for him to advance. I am honored to have this opportunity to join his parents Nick and Liz, along with his sister, Kristen, his extended family, friends and the Guilford community in wishing Nick Fradiani, Jr. the best of luck in the last weeks of the American Idol competition. 
proud and we are with you. HONORING ESCALADE SPORTS 
honor Escalade Sports, a fantastic Hoosier business in my home district. 
Escalade Sports is being awarded the President’s ‘‘E’’ Award, the highest recognition a U.S. Company can receive for significantly contributing to the expansion of U.S. exports. 
recognition of the work that America’s exporters undertake, and honors 45 companies every year for their contributions to the American economy. 
award as it produces many high quality American sporting and gaming products that range from basketball hoops, to table tennis equipment, to archery supplies. These products are then exported and sold to athletes and sports enthusiasts across the globe to enjoy and use. 
Escalade Sports is headquartered in Evansville, where it provides quality jobs to Hoosiers here in Southwest Indiana and many more across the United States in its various production and distribution facilities. The company’s exports not only help show the world what amazing products are made here in America, but also keep Americans employed and help expand our economy. 
the fine work of Escalade Sports, and the other ‘‘E’’ Award recipients across the United States for their contributions to the American economy. 
THOMAS FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE SCHUYLKILL CHORAL SOCIETY 
today to honor Dr. Mark P. Thomas, who will be honored for his service to the Schuylkill Choral Society on May 9. Dr. Thomas has served as the music director and conductor of the Schuylkill Choral Society for three decades. 
Choral Society has gained worldwide recognition. Dr. Thomas has been recognized in the United States and Europe for his contribution to the performing arts. In addition to his duties with the Choral Society, Dr. Thomas is a founder of both the Anthracite Philharmonic and Schuylkill County’s first children’s chorus, Minor Notes Chorale. 
conductor for many organizations including the Prague Radio Symphony, the New York Pops, and the Schuylkill Symphony Orchestra. He has made multiple tours throughout Europe and North America which have included multiple performances at Carnegie Hall, the Lincoln Center and the Riverside Cathedral in New York, Orchestra Hall in Chicago, the State Opera House and the Cathedral of St. 
as a guest conductor with the Ocean Grove Choral Festival Choir, at Reading’s Musicfest, and for PMEA choral festivals throughout Pennsylvania. He has also toured and conducted in Russia, Finland, and Estonia with members of the State Orchestra of St. Petersburg and members of the Eastern Pennsylvania Choral Society. In 2016, he will be leading the Schuylkill Choral Society on a tour to Italy and France which will include performances in Rome, Florence, Paris, and Normandy. Dr. Thomas has appeared nationally on the NPR and PBS as well as local appearances on Comcast Tonight and Comcast Newsmakers. He has served as a music consultant for Maryland Educational Television and as an adjunct professor at Alvernia University, Penn State University, and Bucks County Community College. Thomas and his choirs are also featured performers of the National Anthem for the Philadelphia sports community, including regular performances for the Phillies, Sixers, and Flyers. 
Who’s Who in the World, Who’s Who in America, Who’s Who in Education, and Who’s Who among American Teachers. He has received recognition from former President Bill Clinton on behalf of a music program he designed honoring World War II veterans. He has also received recognition from the U.S. House of Representatives, the Pennsylvania House and Senate, the Schuylkill County Board of Commissioners, and the Austrian and German governments. Thomas was named by Philadelphia Magazine as ‘‘Best Choral Director’’ in 
the Philadelphia region. He has also been recognized by the St. David’s Society as a ‘‘Citizen of the Year,’’ was Pennsylvania finalist for ‘‘Teacher of the Year,’’ and was the first musician inducted into the Upper Perkiomen Valley Academic Hall of Fame. It is an honor to recognize Dr. Mark Thomas 
for his work in the musical arts. His passion for music is evident his impressive body of work, which has touched countless individuals over the years. I applaud him for his service to the greater artistic good, and I wish him continued success in the future. 
missed votes on Wednesday, April 29. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 176, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 177, and ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call vote 178. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 4, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 38 public bills, H.R. 2195–2232; and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 44; and H. Res. 243–250 were introduced.
H.R. 1890, to establish congressional trade negotiating objectives and enhanced consultation requirements for trade negotiations, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–100, Part 1); and 
Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–101). 
of the Journal by a voice vote.                            Page H2775 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House 
and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by a yeaand nay vote of 240 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 215. Consideration began April 29th.
Rejected the Bera motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 214.
Duncan (SC) amendment that appropriates additional funds for ‘‘Corps of Engineers, Civil, Department of the Army, Investigations’’ by reducing funds for Department of Energy, Energy Programs, Departmental Administration’’ by $2,500,000; 
Rothfus amendment (No. 5 printed in the Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that prohibits 
use of funds to apply the report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquified Natural Gas from the United States’’ in any public interest determination under the Natural Gas Act (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 172 noes, Roll No. 208);
Gosar amendment (No. 10 printed in the Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program (by a recorded vote of 224 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 209);
funds for the purchase of water to supplement or enhance instream water flow requirements in California (by a recorded vote of 228 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 211);
funds to implement, administer, or enforce the requirement in the Code of Federal Regulations, that activities identified in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act must be established or ongoing in order to receive an exemption under the Act (by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 212); and
deliver water to the Trinity River above the minimum requirements of the Trinity Record of Decision or to supplement flows in the Klamath River (by a recorded vote of 228 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 213).
Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that reduces funding in the bill by 1 percent acrossthe board (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 210).
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to on April 29th. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5th.
seven recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2777, H2777–78, H2778–79, H2779, H2779–80, H2780–81, H2782, and H2783. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 12:01 p.m. 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘What is the Federal Government Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Botticelli, Director, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Richard Frank, Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, Department of Health and Human Services; Nora Volkow, M.D., Director, National Institute of Drug Abuse, National Institutes of Health; Douglas Throckmorton, M.D., Deputy Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration; Debra Houry, M.D., Director of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Pamela Hyde, Administrator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; and Patrick Conway, M.D., Deputy 
Administrator for Innovation and Quality and CMS Chief Medical Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Microbeads in Cosmetic Products’’. Testimony was 
heard from Dan Wyant, Director, Michigan Department of Environmental Quality; Linda R. Greenstein, Senator, New Jersey Legislature; and public witnesses. 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.J. Res. 45, the ‘‘Victims’ Rights Amendment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Is the Railroad Retirement Board Doing Enough to Protect Against Fraud?’’. Testimony was heard from Martin J. Dickman, Inspector General, Railroad Retirement Board; Michael S. Schwartz, Chairman, Railroad Retirement Board; and Daniel Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Battery Storage for Renewable Energy’’. Testimony was heard from Imre Gyuk, Energy Storage Program Manager, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. 
deliver water to the Trinity River above the minimum requirements of the Trinity Record of Decision or to supplement flows in the Klamath River (by a recorded vote of 228 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 213).
Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that reduces funding in the bill by 1 percent acrossthe board (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 210).
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to on April 29th. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 5th.
seven recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2777, H2777–78, H2778–79, H2779, H2779–80, H2780–81, H2782, and H2783. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 12:01 p.m. 
WHAT IS THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT DOING TO COMBAT THE OPIOID ABUSE EPIDEMIC? 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘What is the Federal Government Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Botticelli, Director, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Richard Frank, Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, Department of Health and Human Services; Nora Volkow, M.D., Director, National Institute of Drug Abuse, National Institutes of Health; Douglas Throckmorton, M.D., Deputy Director, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration; Debra Houry, M.D., Director of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Pamela Hyde, Administrator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; and Patrick Conway, M.D., Deputy Administrator for Innovation and Quality and CMS Chief Medical Officer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Microbeads in Cosmetic Products’’. Testimony was heard from Dan Wyant, Director, Michigan Department of Environmental Quality; Linda R. Greenstein, Senator, New Jersey Legislature; and public witnesses. 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.J. Res. 45, the ‘‘Victims’ Rights Amendment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Is the Railroad Retirement Board Doing Enough to Protect Against Fraud?’’. Testimony was heard from Martin J. Dickman, Inspector General, Railroad Retirement Board; Michael S. Schwartz, Chairman, Railroad Retirement Board; and Daniel Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Battery Storage for Renewable Energy’’. Testimony was heard from Imre Gyuk, Energy Storage Program Manager, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of Energy; Jud Virden, Jr., Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Environment Directorate, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; and public witnesses. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD486 May 1, 2015 
of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, National Labor Relations Board, with a vote on or in relation to the veto message to accompany the joint resolution expected at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in pro forma 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E640 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E649 Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E650 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E646 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E650 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E648, E651 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E640, E641, E642, E643, E644, 
E645, E646, E647, E649, E650 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E645 
DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E643 Delaney, John K., Md., E639 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E650 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E641, E644 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E640 Farr, Sam, Calif., E639 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E641 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E647 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E640 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E648 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E640, E642 
Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E644 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E645 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E639 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E641 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E639 Welch, Peter, Vt., E643 Westmoreland, Lynn A., Ga., E646 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E643 