Supreme Court ruled in 2013 to invalidate the preclearance formula in the original Voting Rights Act, it issued a challenge to Congress to pass an updated one. That is a challenge Congress must accept. Until Congress acts, millions will continue to face barriers at the ballot box. 
On April 18, The New York Times editorial board highlighted the disturbing and flawed argument that preclearance is no longer necessary. Obviously, the 
. . . stopped hundreds of discriminatory new laws from taking effect, and deterred lawmakers from introducing countless more.’’ 
The process to which they were referring was the preclearance process that the Supreme Court threw out. The editors cited a new study that analyzed more than 4,000 rights cases. 
They write again: ‘‘The study provides the most wideranging empirical evidence yet that Congress was amply justified in finding that voting discrimination remains concentrated in the covered States and regions.’’ 
Rights Act in 2006, Mr. Speaker, we did so with an overwhelming vote of 390–33 in the House. In the Senate, Mr. Speaker, it was 98–0. There was no confusion, there was no doubt in the minds of the Congress of the United States, and that bill was signed by President George Bush. It was an overwhelmingly bipartisan conclusion that preclearance was still necessary some 45 years after the passage of the Voting Rights Act. 
that brings Democrats and Republicans together, and I am proud to have cosponsored a bipartisan compromise bill sponsored by Republican former chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, JIMSENSENBRENNER , who was the 
sponsor and chairman of the committee when the reauthorization was effected in 2006. 
called the Voting Rights Amendments Act, with Republican former chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, JIM 
great hero of the civil rights movement—that would answer the Supreme Court with an updated preclearance formula, as they suggested. In fact, in the past 2 years since the Court’s ruling, we have seen a resurgence of efforts to limit when and where minorities can vote. 
Speaker: ‘‘Voting discrimination no longer takes the form of literacy tests and poll taxes. Instead, it is embodied in voterID laws, the closing of polling places in minority neighborhoods, the elimination of earlyvoting days and hours, and much more.’’ 
take up a bill to restore the Voting Rights Act without delay and crack down on these discriminatory practices that only serve to weaken our democracy by excluding millions of voices that deserve to be heard. 
passing and signing of the Voting Rights Act. That act was achieved only after some died, many bled, and a large number participated in the march from Selma to Montgomery. 
opinion and led the Congress to pass one of the most significant civil rights and democratic rights bills of its history. Congress has the responsibility to act and act now. 
As I close, Mr. Speaker, let me remind the Members of the Congress that I discussed this with the majority leader. The majority leader indicated that we would have discussions about bringing Voting Rights Act to the floor, as did I and Mr. Cantor, his predecessor as majority leader. 
facilitate and to speed the bringing to the floor of the bipartisan restoration of the protections in the Voting Rights Act amendments. 
heart of the Voting Rights Act in 2013, its main argument was that the law was outdated. 
may have been pervasive in the 1960s when the law was passed, Chief Justice John Roberts Jr. wrote, but ‘‘nearly 50 years later, things have changed dramatically.’’ In this simplistic account, the law was still punishing states and local governments for sins they supposedly stopped committing years ago. 
was to throw out the formula Congress devised in 1965 that required all or parts of 16 states with long histories of overt racial discrimination in voting, most in the South, to get approval from the federal government for any proposed change to their voting laws. This process, known as preclearance, stopped hundreds of discriminatory new laws from taking effect, and deterred lawmakers from introducing countless more. 
4 majority, invalidated the formula because ‘‘today’s statistics tell an entirely different story.’’ 
by a historian of the Voting Rights Act provides a fresh trove of empirical evidence to refute that assertion. The study by J. Morgan Kousser, a professor of history and social science at the California Institute of Technology, examines more than 4,100 voting rights cases, Justice Department inquiries, settlements and changes to laws in response to the threat of lawsuits around the country where the final result favored minority voters. 
than 90 percent of these legal ‘‘events’’ occurred in jurisdictions that were required to preclear their voting changes. The study also provides evidence that the number of successful votingrights suits has gone down in recent years, not because there is less discrimination, but because several Supreme Court decisions have made them harder to win. 
formula, created without the benefit of years of data, was a ‘‘blunt tool’’ that focused on voter turnout and clearly discriminatory practices like literacy tests. Still, he says, the statistics show that for almost a half century it ‘‘succeeded in accurately homing in on the counties where the vast majority of violations would take place.’’ 
data in 2006 when, by a nearunanimous vote, they reauthorized the Voting Rights Act for 25 years. In fact, the legislative record contained more than 15,000 pages of evidence documenting the continuation of everevolving racially discriminatory voting practices, particularly in the areas covered by the preclearance requirement. 
in actual data. Nor did it seem to matter that the law was already adapting to current conditions: Every one of the more than 200 jurisdictions that asked to be removed from the preclearance list was successful, because each showed it was not discriminating. 
Instead, the court said the coverage formula had to be struck down because it failed to target precisely all areas with voting rights violations in the country. 
problem, in part because there is no easy way to compare discrimination in places that are under a federal microscope with those that are not. But the study provides the most wideranging empirical evidence yet that Congress was amply justified in finding that voting discrimination remains concentrated in the covered states and regions. In other words, the tactics may have changed, but the story remains largely the same. Voting discrimination no longer takes the form of literacy tests and poll taxes. Instead, it is embodied in voterID laws, the 
closing of polling places in minority neighborhoods, the elimination of earlyvoting days and hours, and much more. 
The Supreme Court suggested that Congress could fix the law by updating the coverage formula to more closely reflect where violations are occurring today—and a bipartisan bill introduced in 2014 and reintroduced this year has done just that. So far it has gone nowhere because most Republicans oppose it. Even if it were to pass, there is no guarantee it would survive before a Supreme Court that is highly skeptical of any race conscious efforts to reduce discrimination. 
private groups are doing what they can to combat the flood of new discriminatory laws with the surviving provisions of the Voting Rights Act. But without preclearance requirements for places with the worst records on racial discrimination, they will always be a few steps behind. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
year, a National Geographic photographer captured 5,000 desperate people navigating their way through a sandstorm, then eventually breaking through a barbed wire for safety through the border into Turkey. They were among the roughly 11 million Syrians who have now been displaced from their homes over the past 4 years. 
the children, Christians, Muslims, they all share a new identity: a war refugee. Though they may be alive, many of them have little hope for a better life. 
World Vision’s refugee program said she and her family lived in a small apartment and they were happy before the war; they were never envious of anyone, but after living in a tent with some 25 other families in Bekaa Valley, Lebanon, she now envies even the dead in Syria. 
the more than 3.8 million refugees in neighboring countries wonder every day if they will be given aid to feed their kids. Safe places where children can go to learn, laugh, and play don’t exist. Parents worry that their children might also join the ranks of ISIS, become victims of child labor or forced marriage. 
Save the Children’s programs in Jordan had been married off by her father, not because he loved her less, but because it was one less mouth to feed in the family. Young girls like this one are torn within their identity. They wonder whether they should be playing with fellow children or must be a wife. 
displaced in Syria—7 million, that is bigger than New York City—those people face a doubleedged sword every day because they may be killed by Assad’s monsters or by the rebels. In June 2012, government forces executed entire families in front of one another 
before the soldiers with $2 in her hand, asking to spare the life of her 11 monthold baby brother, Mattessem. They still shot. The bullet went through Mattessem and killed their mother. Out of a family of 25, only Mattessem, Fatima, the father, and the grandfather survived those executions. 
Assad kills his people indiscriminately with barrel bombs that are embedded with chlorine and with shrapnel. These attacks bring scores of victims into the already overworked makeshift hospitals in Syria; 175 of these hospitals have been hit by barrel bombs by Assad. 
head of the Syrian American Medical Society, has become one of the dozens of American doctors who have helped the wounded in this war. He has risked being arrested, tortured, and even killed for aiding the opposition. He has treated victims of these barrel bomb attacks and has shared with my committee a young boy’s vivid account of the attack. 
Instead of drawing a sun and animals, this child drew people with their legs severed—severed from their bodies—bloody, and tears in the eyes of the victim. These children have had the first years shrouded in war. They have been deprived of a childhood stolen by war. 
matter what we look like or where we live, and deep down in our soul, all of us, even these Syrian refugees, just want to be free. 
For every day the reign of terror continues, the colossal number of 12.2 million Syrians who are in dire need of humanitarian assistance continues to grow. U.S. Governmentfunded programming is working to meet this need. U.S.based nongovernment organizations, both religious and secular, are doing great work inside Syria and the surrounding region to address the many needs of the displaced. 
American funding has provided lifesaving food and essential items for several hundred thousand people inside the constantly bombarded city of Aleppo. Dozens of medical facilities throughout Syria are providing trauma and primary health care, as well as muchneeded psychological and social support. Childfriendly spaces are set up in a safe place for children to receive support, to learn, and to play. 
Mr. Speaker, war is hell, and the noncombatant citizens are the ones who suffer from this hellish violence. Until the war in Syria is over, the lifesaving humanitarian care done by these American angels of mercy give hope to millions of refugees. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, next month, almost 4 million students will graduate from college, but on Monday, more than 16,000 students—students who have sacrificed countless hours and resources—were robbed of the opportunity to achieve this goal. 
These students are the victims of Corinthian Colleges, which closed its doors yesterday amidst ongoing State and Federal investigations regarding the school’s fraudulent and predatory recruiting tactics. Corinthian’s closure marks the end of one of the Nation’s largest forprofit colleges, an industry wrought with fraud and deception. 
the rising cost of college, combined with repeated cuts to other affordable public educational options like community college or HBCUs. The combination of these factors led to the explosive growth of a forprofit college industry that quickly began to prey on lowincome, minority, and veteran students by enticing them with the false promise of a quality education and good jobs. These promises were simply untrue. 
Corinthian repeatedly misrepresented the quality of its programs and lied about the job placement rates of its graduates. By doing so, Corinthian lured in the country’s most vulnerable student populations, whose Federal loan and grant dollars were used to line the pockets of its CEO, investors, and shareholders. 
profit college industry as a whole absorbed onequarter of all the Federal student aid, more than $30 billion annually. During the Great Recession, Corinthian alone nearly doubled its revenue due to the enrollment of millions of vulnerable unemployed workers who were even more susceptible to the enticing offer of a quality education and future employment. 
preyed on atrisk students and workers. They took advantage of the next generation of America’s leaders, and they used the economic distress and uncertainty our young people were dealing with for their own economic gain. 
As Corinthian continued its deceptive practices, the school had 162 failing academic programs, more than any other forprofit college in the country. 
During this Congress, I have continued my lifetime of work on this subject, which began in the California General Assembly. I have repeatedly called on the Department of Education to close Corinthian and offer full loan forgiveness for all its students. Last month, I was proud to endorse the Corinthian 100 and their efforts to obtain 
Today, joined by my Senate colleague, Democratic Whip DICKDURBIN , 
I am introducing the CLASS Act, a piece of legislation that will help restore students’ legal rights against for profit institutions. 
We need this for a key reason. As Corinthian knowingly deceived its students, it also included in its enrollment agreements provisions that limited students’ access to courts and shielded Corinthian from liability for its misconduct. These included mandatory arbitration and measures that prohibited students from joining together to form a class action lawsuit. 
Colleges has closed its doors, students are still suffering because they do not have a legal outlet to address their harms. 
they are at the mercy of the Department of Education and the good faith of Corinthian Colleges itself, the same institution that has already deceived them and saddled them with debt. 
this problem by prohibiting any school receiving Federal funding from including any restrictions on students’ ability to pursue legal claims against it in court. 
students’ strongest line of defense against any future fraudulent conduct by restoring their rights to have their day in court. 
take a stand against the practices of Corinthian Colleges and other predatory forprofit institutions by supporting this legislation and fighting for our students’ right to an honest, quality education. 
have a lot of forprofit colleges out there that are treating our students in the same manner that Corinthian has— deceiving them—and who are guilty of fraud. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is an important and significant week here in the Hall of the people’s House because, this week, we are going to be introducing the Raise the Wage Act. 
quite some time now; yet, frustratingly, despite all the time and energy that has been focused on this issue, the Federal minimum wage still has not been raised in almost a decade. 
Depending on what measure of inflation you use, the minimum wage in real dollars is either at its lowest level in 50 years or its lowest level in 70 years. Either way is bad for American 
perception some have that all minimum wage workers are teenagers. Actually, the average age of a minimum wage worker is 33 years old. 
McDonald’s or Burger King in my neighborhood, you can see in person that we are dealing with not just teen workers, but many who are in their thirties, forties, fifties, and many seniors who need to work in order to supplement their income. 
I also want to highlight this important fact: 18.7 million children—almost 19 million children—are supported by parents who work full time at minimum wage jobs. 
We are not talking about a government handout. We are not talking about helping those who aren’t attempting to help themselves. We are talking about making sure a fair day’s work actually pays. We are talking about rewarding hardworking Americans. 
By the way, if you don’t work a minimum wage job—you are just an ordinary taxpayer—you, too, would benefit from increasing the minimum wage. 
America, the highest percentage of minimum wage workers who are currently getting government assistance— food stamps, Medicaid, and other sorts of programs—because, despite working full time, they make so little, they qualify for government assistance. 
By raising their wage, we would decrease the poverty rate and decrease the amount of money needed to be spent on public assistance programs. 
fairness; it is an issue about justice, but it is also an issue about what kind of an America we believe in, one that rewards hard work, one that rewards those who are going to work every day and working for a living, or one that just says the wealthiest onetenth of 1 percent can continue to grow at the 
greatest rate of income in American history, while the other 70 percent of Americans are losing their share of income. That is wrong. 
those who work hard and play by the rules should benefit. One way of ensuring this will happen is raising the minimum wage now. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MCCARTHY ) at 2 p.m. 
the gift of this new day and for the promise that You are with us. Thank You for Your grace, Your love, and the many blessings that are ours through You. 
grace and Your call upon our lives, and help us to walk humbly, serve graciously, and lead righteously. 
that You have called them to. Grant strength, wisdom, courage, and compassion to the leadership and to each Member of this House, the Senate, our President, and all the leaders of our government. 
Grant us peace and unity. Call out the best in us, and help us to care for and serve the least of those among us. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) come forward and lead the 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) is recognized 
There was no objection. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
honor for me to be here today to watch my fatherinlaw, the Reverend Dr. Jim Birchfield, speak in the House this afternoon. 
whom I have known over the past nearly decade that I have known my wife and her family. They are here with us in the gallery this afternoon. He is a man of utmost integrity who has devoted his life to, as he said, serving those among us that are most in need. 
Through his ministry at First Presbyterian Church and, prior to that, in Newport Beach, California, and the Greater Los Angeles area, he and his family have consistently dedicated themselves to spreading the Word of 
God and making sure that we, as a community and a country, remain focused on those who need our help most. 
the entire world, from SubSaharan Africa, Egypt, and Malawi, to recent trips to Israel, and literally the world over, as he continues to expand his ministry and touch those who are in need of additional services. 
be with my fatherinlaw, Reverend Dr. Birchfield, and to have this moment to share with him and his family this morning. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
under the leadership of Senator CORNYN and Senator W YDEN , the Senate 
has unanimously passed the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This bill will help stop modernday slavery here in America. The House has passed a similar bill under the sponsorship of CAROLYN MALONEY and myself. 
human trafficking for years. Now, we acknowledge and put sufficient resources behind the fight against the buying and selling of human beings. Slavery in America is not going to be tolerated. 
buyers. Mr. Speaker, buyers have escaped the long arm of the law for too long. The bill also treats trafficking victims as victims and not criminals. 
rape and abuse of our children. I strongly encourage the House leadership to immediately bring up the Senate compromise, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, for a vote. 
known that America’s kids are not for sale, and woe be to anyone that sells them or buys them in the marketplace of slavery. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
years ago, the fall of Saigon ended the war in Vietnam and began the journey for hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese who were forced to flee their land for foreign shores like America. 
This April, we remember those Vietnamese, Americans, and their allies who lost their lives in Vietnam and for the many thousands of boat people who perished while fleeing Vietnam on the ‘‘journey to freedom.’’ 
our Nation, Vietnamese Americans contribute daily to the tapestry that 
April, we also cannot forget the continuing struggle in Vietnam for democracy, freedom, and basic human rights. 
commemorating this historic event, remembering those who gave their lives, and honoring the Vietnamese community in the United States. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness about the questionable requirements the State of Minnesota has been given by the Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Power Plan. 
Minnesota reduce carbon emissions for power plants by 41 percent by the year 2030, while requiring lower reductions in other States. The EPA has failed to recognize and credit Minnesota for already decreasing its emissions by 13 percent between 2005 and 2011. 
to Minnesotans, but it will hurt consumers across our Nation. Electricity prices will increase for many businesses and families, disproportionately impacting those who are already struggling to make ends meet. 
Institute, the plan will only reduce the average worldwide temperature by about twohundredths of a degree Celsius, and that will take almost 100 years. 
the Clean Power Plan, while keeping in mind the work many States have already done on their own to reduce emissions. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of my dear friend, Earl Hargrove, who passed earlier this month. 
Maryland’s Fifth District; in Maryland; and, indeed, nationally. He built a successful specialty decorations and event planning business and served our Nation in the Marine Corps. 
work in America because he did many of the inaugural floats for our Presidents; so when you watched television, you were watching the work of Earl Hargrove, his family, and coworkers. 
legacy today, and I hope my colleagues will join me in offering condolences to Earl’s wife of six decades, Gloria Love 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
that the Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments on marriage, I want to read a quote. 
but a sacred bond between a man and a woman . . . I am committed to the sanctity of marriage, to the fundamental bedrock principle that exists between a man and a woman, going back into the mists of history as one of the foundational institutions of history and humanity and civilization . . . its primary, principal role during those millennia has been the raising and socializing of children for the society into which they become adults . . . Every State reserves the right to refuse to recognize a marriage performed in another State if that marriage would violate the State’s public policy. 
held that no State can be forced to recognize any marriage. That is what the case law has held . . . the Supreme Court has historically held that States do not have to recognize laws of other States that offend their public policy, it is assumed that any challenge would 
Mr. Speaker, that was Hillary Clinton in 2004. She was right. 
today to recognize all the hardworking nurses across America. 
healthcare profession. There are more than 3.1 million registered nurses working on the front lines with patients across the country. 
work at private practices, public health agencies, primary care clinics, home health care, nursing homes, and outpatient facilities. 
Nurses perform a number of important duties. They are a pillar of our healthcare system and are vital in creating a healthier America. An increased emphasis on preventative care means nurses will become even more important in the future. 
work and are an integral part of our healthcare system. If you know a nurse—or the next time you see one— thank them for what they do. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to recognize the Wilkes Central High School women’s basketball team, which recently won the North Carolina 2A State championship. It is the first NCHSAA State championship in the program’s history. 
final minutes to beat Kinston High School 44–41 for the win. MVP Laken Blackburn had 15 points to lead the team. Kailey McNeil added 9 points and 19 rebounds. Amber Godfrey had 7 points, and Kamre Gibbs added 6 points, including two free throws with 6.7 seconds left to seal the win. Brooke Bentley scored 5, and Maegan McUmber hit two crucial free throws in the fourth quarter. 
head coach Scott Waugh, who led them on their winning campaign, and wish the team continuing success in future seasons. 
AND BOARD MEMBER OF THE OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS 
of Texas) laid before the House the following communication from Porter J. Goss, chairman and board member of the Office of Congressional Ethics: 
my resignation as Chairman and Board Member of The Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE), effective immediately. 
As you may recall, I have been serving as 
the purposes of H. Res. 895 are best served by staggering the timing of replacement of each of the CoChairs. Therefore, I have begun to transition to other areas of public service and private activity. 
and privilege to have experienced this appointment on behalf of The House of Representatives. 
Chair announces the Speaker’s reappointment, pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702 and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 p.m. 
from Wisconsin and the leadership on the other side of the aisle for expediting this particular request—I am very appreciative—and to all the members of the Arizona delegation for their concurrence with this designation. 
I am proud to offer this bill today to 
recognize a man that not only led a tremendous life of public service, but served as a personal hero to many of us in Arizona, as well as the Nation. 
designating the Douglas Port of Entry as the Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry, we will ensure the story continues to be memorialized and told; and in the future, when a revitalized port is designated for Douglas, Arizona, it will continue to bear his name. 
the American Dream and, despite all the odds, he proved that, with perseverance and courage, all dreams can be achieved. 
Mr. Castro’s story, like many Americans today, begins south of the border. Born June 12, 1916, in Cananea, Mexico, Mr. Castro grew up in Arizona and graduated from Douglas High School. 
He was the second youngest in a family of 12 children. His father was a union leader forced out of Mexico for organizing the mine in Cananea. His father died when Castro was only 12 years old, and his mother became a midwife to feed the family. 
Growing up on the U.S.Mexico border near Douglas, Arizona, Castro learned many life lessons, especially when it came to the issues of prejudice and injustice. He often spoke of walking 5 miles to a segregated school while White children rode a bus to another school. 
in the quality of jobs available to men and women that looked like him. This early prejudice and discrimination ultimately became his enduring motivation. 
when, despite not being able to properly pronounce his name, Castro realized his grammar school teacher truly cared for him and wanted him to be a good student. Castro embraced this encouragement and became an even more determined student than he was. 
A stellar student, an athlete, his enthusiasm continued through college. After graduation, after being denied a teaching job because of his race, he went on to work in the field picking sugar beets and at the Douglas mining smelter, where he was paid half the wages of his White counterparts. 
the U.S. Consulate in the border city of Agua Prieta, Mexico. Then, despite being told it was impossible, he fought to enter law school and eventually graduated with a J.D. from the University of Arizona. He excelled and went on to be the first elected Mexican American county attorney and, later, the first Mexican American judge in the Pima County Superior Court. 
This was just the beginning of Castro’s improbable journey. He went on to serve as U.S. Ambassador to three Latin American countries. Lyndon Johnson sent him to El Salvador and Bolivia, where he stayed for a short time under President Nixon before returning to Arizona and making the first of two bids for Governor. 
After two of the closest gubernatorial elections in State history, Castro once again trumped all odds and became the State’s first Latino elected to serve as Governor. He defeated his opponent by less than 1 percentage point and recalls being 4,000 votes behind until the Navajo voters’ ballots were counted, and that turned out to be the margin of his victory. Castro served 2
1⁄2years as Governor before resigning, when President Carter asked him to be Ambassador to Argentina. 
Let me quote directly from Raul Castro’s memoir published in 2009, appropriately entitled, ‘‘Adversity Is My Angel.’’ 
professional career suggests that the adversity inherent in his humble beginnings only 
hardened his resolve and strengthened his determination. He was born into grinding poverty and minority status on the U.S. Mexico border, but eventually overcame these obstacles to become, among other titles, Arizona’s first Hispanic Governor. Castro’s story, which suggests much about the human spirit and the hope of the American Dream, is one that ought to be told. 
Yet, in spite of such a disadvantaged beginning, Castro found a way to get an education and embark on his path to the prominent positions that he held in his lifetime, beginning as a teacher, then a lawyer, then a Pima County Attorney, Superior Court Judge, the Governor of Arizona, an American Ambassador to El Salvador, Bolivia, and Argentina. Though Castro suffered innumerable instances of social and racial discrimination, he overcame institutional and personal prejudice to attain the life he deserved. Raul Castro’s career and service serve as 
dual role models, not only for Mexican Americans, but for all Americans. 
At the time I moved to Tucson, just after 
the cessation of hostilities in World War II, the public school system was instrumental in the subordination, rather than the advancement, of Mexican students. They were put in vocational classes and discouraged from attending college. 
said at the time: ‘‘I intended to take a different track and buck that trend.’’ 
opened a new path in public service for many of us, including myself. Castro credits the challenges faced to shaping his character and understood that education was the ultimate path to a better life. To him, the far most important part of the legacy was to inspire Mexican American children and all children to aspire to do great things, even in the face of adversity. 
Even in his nineties, Castro continued to work with underrepresented and poor students to encourage them to pursue higher education, to get their education, and to use the obstacles as motivation to make their life better for others. 
pioneer that dedicated his life to public service and to the fight for equality. I appreciate the support of the entire Arizona House delegation for honoring this American legend. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO .) 
and the gentleman from Wisconsin for yielding their time and for authoring 
Governor Raul Castro was a trailblazing figure in Arizona history, and renaming the city of Douglas port of entry in his honor is a fitting tribute to all that he did for our State and its people. 
the first Mexican American Governor of our fine State. He also served as Ambassador to Argentina, Bolivia, and El Salvador. 
new generation of politically active Latinos and immigrants who followed in his footsteps and fought to make their voices heard. He played an important role in the history of Arizona and of the Latino rights movement, and we will be forever indebted to him for his work on behalf of our community. 
life to public service. He saw that Latinos in Arizona needed a voice, and he accepted that challenge. He worked tirelessly to encourage Hispanics to get involved and participate in our democracy. 
inspiration to Arizonans and Latinos in public service throughout this country. 
no other speakers. Let me thank my colleague, Mr. GALLEGO , for his support 
and his eloquent statements. And to Mr. RYAN, thank you again for expediting and having this vote today. 
I will just simply say I congratulate the Arizona delegation for bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. It is a fitting tribute to a man who has an important place in history. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 651) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 651, introduced by Representative DAVID 
CICILLINE , for the purpose of designating the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the Sister Ann Keefe Post Office. 
public servant and a community activist who touched the lives of many, many people in Providence, Rhode Island. In fact, for over 30 years, Sister Keefe led the Social Justice ministry at St. Michael’s church. She was instrumental in founding nearly two dozen community organizations. 
away from cancer earlier this year, on January 18, at the young age of 62. 
her incredible ability to get things done and to turn an idea into reality. She will be remembered for her many accomplishments and as an example of selfless and faithful service. 
Ann Keefe in the community that she served and lived in for so many years will help memorialize her dedication to the people of Providence and encourage others to follow her example of public service. So I urge Members to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
for his kind words with respect to Sister Ann Keefe. 
H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the Sister Ann Keefe Post Office. 
Sister Ann, who passed away on January 18 of this year, was a dedicated activist for the poor and disenfranchised, an advocate for nonviolence, a champion of social justice and equal opportunity, and a beloved member of the Rhode Island community. 
Sister Ann was born in Warren, Massachusetts, in 1952 to a large family. A dedicated Catholic, Sister Ann joined the Sisters of St. Joseph in 1982 after first earning a master’s degree in social work from Fordham University. Sister Ann spent the next 33 years of her life in service at St. Michael the Archangel Church in south Providence and left an indelible mark on Rhode Island that will not be forgotten. 
founding and development of over 22 organizations that aimed to improve the lives of members of the community most in need. These organizations included the Institute for the Study and Practice of Nonviolence, Providence CityArts for Youth, the Community Boating Center, and AIDS Care Ocean State. These organizations embody the 
passion and relentless work Sister Ann dedicated her life to and serve as a reminder of her tireless advocacy and selfless commitment to others. 
with my colleagues in the Rhode Island delegation to designate the facility at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence as the Sister Ann Keefe Post Office in order to create a permanent reminder of Sister Ann’s contributions and of her accomplishments in our community. 
working with Sister Ann over many years and treasure our friendship. Her life was spent magnanimously. Her dedication, spirit, and generosity to others will be missed by all who knew her. 
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their work in passing this legislation and urge my colleagues to support H.R. 651 to honor Sister Ann’s memory and her extraordinary legacy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) aware that I have no further 
requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
piece of legislation, which will honor a great woman who contributed so much to my great State. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his accommodation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am very much pleased to support this legislation honoring Sister Ann Keefe by lending her name to the Elmwood Avenue post office in Providence, Rhode Island. 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1690) to designate the United 
Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C ARSON ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1690. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse. 
Joseph F. Weis, Jr., served as a Federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1973 until assuming senior status in 1988. He served in that capacity until his death last year. 
United States Court of Appeals, Judge Weis was appointed to the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. 
Prior to his appointment to the Federal bench, he served as a judge on the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County and was in the private practice of law. 
Judge Weis served our country during the Second World War as a captain in the United States Army and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. 
Given Judge Weis’ service and dedication to our country, it is fitting to name this courthouse after him. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
U.S. Federal courthouse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for Judge Joseph Weis, a distinguished jurist who made significant contributions to the surrounding community. Judge Weis was a World War II veteran who received the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart with oak leaf clusters for his service in the Army. Judge Weis went on to graduate from Duquesne University and the University of Pittsburgh Law School. In 1970, he was appointed to the Western District Court of Pennsylvania. Three years later, he was appointed to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals and went on to serve 44 years as a distinguished Federal judge. 
while on the bench, including the DeVitt Award, considered the highest award for a Federal judge; the Pitt Distinguished Alumni Award; and he served as an adjunct faculty member at the Pitt School of Law. 
service to the legal community and his exemplary time as a jurist in Pittsburgh, it is fitting to name this courthouse in his honor. 
Mr. BARLETTA. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ), my very 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I thank my good friend for yielding me time. I want to thank him as well for his support for this legislation in committee and here today on the floor. 
of H.R. 1690, legislation to designate the Federal courthouse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse. 
I have the honor and privilege of representing the city of Pittsburgh in the House of Representatives. Joseph F. Weis, Jr., was a well known and respected individual in western Pennsylvania who served his country both as a soldier and as a judge. 
Pittsburgh would be fitting recognition for an individual with such a long and distinguished record of service to his country. 
the U.S. Army during World War II. Later in life, he described that decision simply as ‘‘the thing to do. The country was at war, and I felt I should be out there doing my share.’’ And he clearly did. He was wounded twice fighting in France with the 4th Armored Division. He was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor and a Purple Heart with an oak leaf cluster for his action in combat. 
his undergraduate degree at Duquesne University and then pursued a legal career, joining his father’s practice after graduating from the University of Pittsburgh Law School in 1950. After a number of years in private practice, he was elected to the Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas in 1968 as the first choice on both the Democratic 
and Republican ballots. As a judge, he rapidly earned a reputation for dedication, integrity, and hard work. Two years later, Judge Weis was appointed to the Federal bench, and in 1973, he was appointed to the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, one step below the Supreme Court. 
retiring just 2 years ago when he was 90 years old. 
judicial system, advocating for innovative courtroom technologies and enforcement of judicial ethics. He was recognized for his outstanding service on the bench with the Devitt Award, the highest honor given to Federal judges. 
Amidst this impressive list of accomplishments, he was known most of all for the strength of his character. Joe Weis was beloved by his colleagues and his law clerks, who to this day call themselves ‘‘Weis guys.’’ 
all public servants should aspire to emulate. Naming this Federal courthouse in his honor is a fitting way to honor this long, faithful, and capable service to our country and to hold him up as an example of a true public servant. 
join me in supporting this legislation to name the Federal courthouse in Pittsburgh in his honor. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. DOYLE , from Pennsylvania. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 172) to designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, shall be known and designated as 
document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 172. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse. 
who worked against racial discrimination and was credited in the 1950s with filing the first civil rights lawsuit in Mississippi. A native of Oklahoma, Mr. Brown attended Illinois State University, Indiana University, and the Texas Southern University law school. 
In the 1960s, he was one of only four 
African American lawyers in Mississippi and one of three who took civil rights cases. In 1962, he worked on behalf of James Meredith, whose successful lawsuit allowed him to be the first African American student to enroll in the University of Mississippi. 
against discrimination in transportation and other public accommodations. Given his dedication to the law and civil rights, it is appropriate to name this courthouse after him. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
172, a bill to designate the Federal courthouse in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse. 
Attorney R. Jess Brown was a towering champion during critical moments in the civil rights movement in the South and especially in Mississippi. 
from Texas Southern University and practiced law in Mississippi throughout the 1960s and the 1970s. 
NAACP, he filed the first civil rights suit in Mississippi in the 1950s. In 1961, he represented James Meredith in his suit to be allowed to enter the University of Mississippi. His victory in this case opened doors 
that the University of Mississippi citizens had to walk through quite boldly, and I think that he doesn’t get the credit that he deserves, Mr. Speaker. 
with the NAACP’s Legal Defense and Educational Fund, he played a major role in fighting racial discrimination in the areas of transportation and other public accommodations. 
I support this legislation, Mr. Speaker. I urge my colleagues to help me pass H.R. 172. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Brown was a courageous American who stood and fought for what was right. He is deserving to have this courthouse named after him. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 373) to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan searchandrecovery missions, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act’’. 
the time of the good Samaritan searchand recovery mission, have attained the age of majority under the law of the State where the mission takes place. 
andrecovery mission’’ means a search conducted by an eligible organization or individual for 1 or more missing individuals believed to be deceased at the time that the search is initiated. 
implemented under this subsection shall include provisions to clarify that— 
Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organization or individual carrying out a privately requested good Samaritan searchand recovery mission under this section; and 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Employees Compensation Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organization or individual conducting a good Samaritan searchandrecovery mission under this section, and the conduct of the good Samaritan searchandrecovery mission shall not constitute civilian employment. 
FROMLIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not require an eligible organization or individual to have liability insurance as a condition of accessing Federal land under this section, if the eligible organization or individual— 
Government from all liability relating to the access granted under this section and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the United States from any claims or lawsuits arising from any conduct by the eligible organization or individual on Federal land. 
an eligible organization or individual of the approval or denial of a request by the eligible organization or individual to carry out a good Samaritan searchandrecovery mission under this section by not later than 48 hours after the request is made. 
andrecovery missions on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretaries shall submit to Congress a joint report describing— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), whose bill we are 
want to thank the chairman and the ranking member of the House Natural Resources Committee for working with me in a bipartisan manner to bring H.R. 373, the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, to the floor. 
roadblocks that are preventing families from achieving closure when their loved ones go missing on Federal land. This issue was first brought to my attention by the separate but similarly tragic cases of Las Vegas taxi driver Keith Goldberg and Air Force Staff Sergeant Antonio Tucker. 
Tucker were presumed dead, and their remains were believed to be missing somewhere within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. In both cases, local, experienced search and recovery groups volunteered their time and resources to help locate the remains of these missing individuals. 
bureaucratic hurdles from the Federal Government, the group volunteering to help locate and recover Mr. Goldberg’s remains was denied access to Park Service land to conduct its search for 15 months. The group volunteering to help locate the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker was denied access for 10 months, needlessly delaying the closure these families sought. 
change. My bill does just that. Once these bureaucratic hurdles were finally cleared and these Good Samaritan search and recovery groups were allowed access to Park Service land, Mr. Goldberg’s remains were recovered in less than 2 hours and the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker’s were recovered in less than 2 days. 
Metropolitan Police Department’s search and rescue team, I introduced 
this bill because unnecessary red tape simply must not continue to get in the way of providing closure for families faced with similar tragic circumstances. 
House in the 113th Congress with a unanimous vote of 394–0, showing real bipartisan support. Unfortunately, the Senate failed to take action on the measure. 
families won’t have to suffer the mental anguish that the families of Keith Goldberg and Antonio Tucker did. Again, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the House Natural Resources Committee for diligently working with me on H.R. 373. 
I urge its adoption. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Keith Goldberg went missing, finding him was all his family wanted. Investigators presumed that he had been murdered and that his remains were somewhere in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, a unit administered by the National Park Service. 
law enforcement was unable to recover Mr. Goldberg’s remains, and they gave up the search. His family, wanting what any family would want, reached out to a private, nonprofit search and rescue outfit for assistance. 
the professional search and rescue company to acquire the permits and insurance required to conduct this search. Within 2 hours of receiving the necessary credentials, Mr. Goldberg’s body was recovered. 
H.R. 373 will help speed up the process for granting private search and rescue companies access to Federal lands. The bill strikes a fair balance between guaranteeing safety, ensuring sufficient liability insurance for the American taxpayer, and improving the process. Under H.R. 373, private search and rescue operations, when appropriate, can have timely access to public lands. 
held a hearing on this bill in the 113th Congress, and the National Park Service recommended some technical changes to the legislation. 
for working with us to incorporate those suggestions into the legislation that we are considering today. I also want to thank Mr. HECKfor his leadership on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, we have this assumption here that a suspension is simply an easy bill, one where everyone agrees to it, and it simply will happen. Last session, we were wise enough to pass this bill in committee and on the floor, and the House should be commended 
for the action that it took last year. The Senate did not and should not. 
again, but sometimes, these suspension bills are far more significant than one would think. This is one of those bills that is extremely significant even though we simply label it as a suspension because it illustrates a problem, a larger problem that we have here in the Nation, one in the way we define public lands versus Federal lands. 
actually should be dedicated to the local people who live there, where their decisions should be tolerated, and their ideas should be respected. The land should be there to help people. 
lands where simply the government— the Federal Government—controls them, and the Federal Government has grown so big they can’t actually see the value of those particular lands. 
to be concerned, too big to be creative, and instead simply tries to cross bureaucratic T’s and sometimes, to cover themselves for future action, too big simply to care about people. These two situations, which the good Representative from Nevada has shown, illustrate exactly how that happened. 
remains of their lost relative, was required—was required, along with the group that was trying to help them in recovering the body—was required to pay a high indemnity because the agency feared that there might be some potential harm done to the land, which would trump the ability of helping people do something for someone and to be creative in the process. 
off. Ultimately, they decided to waive it. And as has been stated, within hours, when they were actually allowed to do things, they found the body—15 months, 15 months of waiting, when it should have only taken a matter of hours to bring cloture to a family. And why? Because our agencies have become too big, too dogmatic, too bureaucratic to actually do things that help people. Instead, you have to follow the rule. 
the same situation. He was, unfortunately, drowned. A company that is an expert in this kind of recovery system volunteered to go in there and find the body, and, once again, month after month, the agency rejected to try and help people who are there on public lands. Instead, they treated them as Federal lands and insisted that the bureaucratic rules were supreme because there might be some damage that could potentially happen, and, therefore, that is the most important goal to make sure does not take place. 
court finally said that this is a ridiculous approach; let them go in there. 
to you is nothing more than common sense. This is the way all agencies should behave, and it is sad that we actually have to pass legislation to get our land agency to do what they should be doing in the first place. 
Congress for having a lack of common sense, but it is sad that it is up to Congress to try to insist that our land agencies actually use common sense. The most important issue should be the issue with how we can actually help people; that is our first responsibility. In these two situations, it was an utter failure to actually realize that people are the most important element and, if we do have Federal lands, they better be used to help people or we shouldn’t have them in the first place. 
That is why this bill is not just a 
simple suspension bill. This is a significant piece of legislation that should set the standard for how agencies deal with people in the future. 
Nevada for bringing this back up and giving it to us again, and I promise that we will continue to pass this bill until it becomes reality, until it becomes a standard by which people are treated by the Federal land agencies we have here in this Nation. I urge its adoption, and I urge its passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 373, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 984) to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Trail, extending approximately 550 miles from Niobrara, Nebraska, to Ponca City, Oklahoma, which follows the route taken by Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people during Federal Indian removal, and approximately 550 miles from Ponca City, Oklahoma, through Omaha, Nebraska, to Niobrara, Nebraska, which follows the return route taken by Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail Feasibility Study’, numbered 903/125,630, and dated November 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ), the 
let me thank the distinguished gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the 
chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources, and the distinguished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), who is the ranking member 
on the committee, as well as the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), the chairman of the 
Federal Lands Subcommittee, and the distinguished gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ), the ranking 
member on the subcommittee, for their outstanding work and help to me in bringing this legislation to the floor. 
directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a feasibility study for the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail. 
very special place in Native American and U.S. history. Establishing a trail in his name would be an outstanding way to recognize his contributions to our great land. I would like to provide some additional background on this extraordinary individual, who prevailed in one of the most important court cases for Native Americans in our country’s history. 
chief. In the 1800s, the Ponca Tribe made its home in the Niobrara River Valley area of Nebraska. In 1877, the United States Government forcibly pressured the Poncas from that homeland, compelling them to move to the Indian territory in Oklahoma. Not wanting to subject his people to a confrontation with the government, Standing Bear obliged and led them from their homes on a perilous journey to the territory of Oklahoma. That journey was harsh and the new land was inhospitable. Nearly a third of the tribe died along the way from starvation, malaria, and other diseases, including Chief Standing Bear’s little girl and, later, his son, Bear Shield. 
Standing Bear promised his son that he would bury him in their native land in the Niobrara River Valley. So Standing Bear embarked on the trip in the winter of 1878 to return to the homeland to bury his son, leading a group of about 65 other Poncas. When they reached the Omaha reservation, the United States Army stopped Standing Bear and arrested him for leaving Oklahoma without their permission. He was taken to Fort Omaha and held there until trial. 
plight attracted media attention, first in the Omaha Daily Herald, which was the forerunner of the presentday Omaha WorldHerald, and the story became wellpublicized nationally. 
Standing Bear was allowed to speak for himself. And then he raised his hand and he said this: ‘‘That hand is not the color of yours, but if I pierce it, I shall feel pain. If you pierce your hand, you will feel pain. The blood that will flow from mine will be the same color as yours. I am a man. God made us both.’’ 
late spring day of 1879, I believe Chief Standing Bear expressed the most American of sentiments: the belief in the inherent dignity and rights of all persons, no matter their color, no matter their ethnicity. Judge Elmer Dundy concurred, and he ruled that Native Americans are persons within the meaning of the law. Now, this is notable. This is 1879, and, for the first time, Native Americans are recognized as persons within the full meaning of the law. 
story of strength and grace and determination. I think it is a story that we need to tell over and over again so that it is understood and cherished by all Americans of future generations. 
Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail would honor both the courage of this man and the great contribution to the freedom and the civil liberties of 
bill is an important first step toward establishing the trail, and I look forward to continuing to work with the committee and the National Park Service to make this a reality. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 984 directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail in Oklahoma, Nebraska, and 
Kansas. The trail extends 550 miles, following the same route taken by Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people during Federal Indian removal in 1877 and their subsequent return to Nebraska. 
Chief Standing Bear played an important role in American history as the first Native American recognized by the United States Government as a person under law, following his arrest and ensuing trial for leaving his reservation in Oklahoma without permission. 
son’s dying wish to be buried in the land of his birth and traveled with his son’s remains, along with other members of his tribe, through harsh conditions from Oklahoma back to their ancestral lands in Nebraska. Unfortunately, at that time, leaving the reservation was a violation of the law. 
At the very least, 135 years later, it is 
only right that we look into the feasibility of including this trail as part of the national historic trails system, to reflect on a notsoproud period of history in our country when Native Americans were treated as secondclass citizens and to honor the courage of Chief Standing Bear and the Ponca people. 
This bill passed the House last Congress. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for advancing this legislation again, and Representative FORTENBERRY for his leadership on 
bill authorizes the study, which is the appropriate first step in all these types of procedures. Any designation of a trail would require additional action from this committee and this Congress. 
the gentleman from Nebraska bringing it to our attention. I also appreciate him saying I am distinguished. It is obviously the new shirt that I am wearing. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 984. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1324) to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
Arapaho National Forest in the State of Colorado is adjusted to incorporate the approximately 92.95 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘The Wedge’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment’’ and dated November 6, 2013, and described as lots three, four, eight, and nine of section 13, Township 4 North, Range 76 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado. A lot described in this subsection may be included in the boundary adjustment only after the Secretary of Agriculture obtains written permission for such action from the lot owner or owners. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
of the Arapaho National Forest in the State of Colorado to incorporate 93 acres. This land may be acquired only with the written permission of the landowners, and this bill preserves motorized access for the landowners within the new boundary. 
this Congress by a voice vote last year. It is appropriate that it is with us again. 
mentions the fact that this is found in Colorado, not Colorado. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), 
Colorado is a Spanish word. It means the color red. ‘‘Rado’’ is an archaic version of the better known ‘‘rojo.’’ So Colorado—of course, the southern two thirds of our State having been part of Mexico prior to the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which ceded the southern twothirds of our State to the United States after our troops took Mexico City. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of legislation I was proud to author, the Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015. 
10 lots in Grand County, Colorado, nicknamed the ‘‘wedge.’’ 
of land is wedged between the Arapaho National Forest and the Rocky Mountain National Park, effectively separating the two. Although the wedge is integral to the successful management of both of these public spaces, it currently remains outside of the National Forest boundary. This parcel’s beauty is enjoyed by millions of visitors who come by as they travel west from the 13,000foot apex of the Rocky Mountains, along the Trail Ridge Scenic Byway, and into the destination Town of Grand Lake. The wedge is currently undeveloped, and 7 of its 10 parcels are already under management by the U.S. Forest Service. 
are all strongly in favor of this bill. Development of the wedge parcel would hurt the health of the Rocky Mountain National Park and harm the adjoining 
our economy on both sides of the park. In recognition of these potential threats to the quality and character of the area and to protect the enormous number of recreation industry jobs, again, on both sides of Rocky Mountain National Park—in Estes Park in Larimer County and in Winter Park in Grand County—there has been enormous local support for this locally driven bill, including support from the Grand County Board of Commissioners, the Town of Grand Lake, the Headwaters Trails Alliance, Conservation Colorado, and the Rocky Mountain Nature Conservancy. 
wishes of my constituents, particularly those living in and around the wedge but also those with businesses and who operate in the tourism and construction industries on both sides of the Rocky Mountain National Park, by incorporating it into the Arapaho National Forest boundary and adding the lots owned by the Forest Service into the adjacent Bowen Gulch Protection Area. 
has the express support of my Colorado colleagues in both Chambers. It was passed through the House Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent in the 113th Congress, and it was voice voted out of the House shortly thereafter. While the clock ran out on moving this legislation through the Senate in the 113th Congress, I am very confident that we can get that done here in the 114th. Hopefully, the sooner the better. I am grateful for the House Natural Resources Committee’s quick consideration of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its passage. 
encourage people’s votes for this great bill from the gentleman from Colorado, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1324. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1830 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
174 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1324) to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 381, nays 30, not voting 20, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Duffy Farenthold Franks (AZ) Gosar Graves (GA) Herrera Beutler Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jones Loudermilk Lummis Massie Perry Price, Tom 
Rokita Salmon Schweikert Smith (MO) Weber (TX) Wenstrup Williams 
Blumenauer Bonamici Calvert Clarke (NY) Clay Cummings DeGette Deutch 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to attend this evening’s rollcall votes. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 174: H.R. 373—‘‘yea,’’ rollcall No. 175: H.R. 1324—‘‘yea.’’ 
today to pay tribute to a dedicated public servant, a respected businessman, a decorated combat veteran, and a trusted mentor, former Third District of Arkansas Representative John Paul Hammerschmidt, who passed away on April 1 at the age of 92. 
put on Earth to serve others. This principle guided him even from an early age. After graduating from Harrison High School at 15 and spending a year at the Citadel, he forwent West Point and instead joined the Army Air Corps. As a second lieutenant during World War II, he piloted an incredible 217 combat missions and earned multiple medals and decorations. 
home in Harrison to run the family lumber business, and he continued his service as a member of the U.S. Air Force Reserve until 1960. It was during this time that he also became engaged with local politics, and in 1966 he became the first Republican in 93 years to have been elected to serve Arkansas in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
During his 26year tenure in Congress, John Paul never spent a single day in the majority, but he didn’t let that stand in the way of serving his constituents to the best of his ability. He worked with all colleagues—Democrat and Republican alike—to our State’s benefit and is responsible for bringing the critical transportation infrastructure to northwest Arkansas that enabled its explosive growth. 
However, he will truly be remembered for defining the gold standard of 
did it better than John Paul. Every day he prayed to our Lord for the strength to overcome pride and selfconcern in order to always be mindful of the needs of others. Looking back on his life, I would say he was blessed with just that, and for it our State and our Nation will be forever grateful to him for his service. 
Paul Hammerschmidt will be laid to rest. As we prepare to say our final goodbyes, I would ask for a moment of silence to honor one of the finest examples of statesmen this Chamber has ever seen. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
John Paul Hammerschmidt was truly a visionary champion for Arkansas’ conservative values in Congress, but we will all remember him for his humble dedication to our country and to our State. His leadership inspired new generations of Arkansans, including all of us rising today to honor his memory. 
for his district and, in fact, the entire State, John Paul helped build the airport and interstates that allowed northwest Arkansas to blossom into the success story it is today. Ten years ago John Paul said: ‘‘We are all put on Earth to serve others, and being a Congressman gives you a lot of leverage to really serve a lot of people.’’ 
embodied the spirit of public service, and his legacy is a powerful reminder for all public servants of why we are here and who we represent. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ great leaders—and my friend—former Congressman John Paul Hammerschmidt. 
known and admired Congressman Hammerschmidt, and I have long respected his commitment to public service. 
was his legislation that made the Buffalo River the country’s first National River, ensuring the preservation and protection of that extraordinary treasure designed by God’s own hand. 
Buffalo had been slated for a Corps of Engineers dam project, which would have destroyed the natural majesty that generations of Arkansans continue to enjoy. 
above this ancient river, sending us back to a time when all our land was wild. 
served as a freshman Congressman with my former boss, President George Herbert Walker Bush, and these two great men became fast friends from their time in the Air Force through being freshmen in this great body together. 
Congressman Hammerschmidt was quick to support President Bush in all of his Presidential runs. The two men shared victories, defeats, joys, and sorrows throughout their great decades of personal friendship. 
He did something I could never do; he beat 
I am humbled to have had the opportunity to know and learn so much from Congressman Hammerschmidt. He will be greatly missed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Congressman John Paul Hammerschmidt began his service as a Member of this body from my home State of Arkansas in 1967, the year that I was born. He did so for 12 terms, long enough for me to grow up, graduate from college, get a job, and get married. 
was evident in his service. He was a champion for his district and our State. He was a tireless advocate for all his constituents on both sides of the aisle and worked hardest to do what was right for the citizens of Arkansas. 
with honor, both in the military and in Congress, leaving a lasting legacy and setting the bar high for those of us who follow him in service. 
from the beautiful Ozark hills, and many times, the people of Arkansas and America were blessed by the leadership of a gentleman from the hills who served his Creator by serving others. 
all continue to look to the hills and be comforted by the words of the psalmist who wrote: 
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from 
He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: he 
slumber nor sleep. The Lord is thy keeper: the Lord is thy shade 
The Sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the 
The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil: he 
thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
earlier today, I introduced the bipartisan Protecting Adopted Children Act, a response to the many problems and potential dangers associated with the term ‘‘rehoming’’ adoptive children. 
Families involved in this underground practice are connecting online and making dubious or outright illegal arrangements to give away their children to strangers, often with forged or fake documentation. Some children are even transferred to individuals with a criminal history, including abuse or neglect. 
Madam Speaker, my legislation provides States with the resources to help adoptive families receive pre and postadoption counseling, social skills training, and mental health services. It also expands the training of the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force to include combating the illegal transfer of a child. 
colleagues who have joined me in cosponsoring this bill, and I encourage 
the House to take swift action to protect these vulnerable children. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today as cochair of the Congressional Nepal Caucus to express my deepest condolences to the people of Nepal who are now recovering from a catastrophic earthquake that hit this prior Saturday. 
will find that—and all the final results are not in—early reports are that over 4,000 individuals lost their lives and several thousand were injured. 
States stands ready to assist in any way. I want to say thank you to the leadership of our U.S. Embassy in Nepal and thank you to the Government of Nepal for their early and coordinated response. 
say that the United States stands with you in these difficult times. We will continue to pray for those of you who have lost your loved ones and continue to pray for the safe recovery of those who are still lost. 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Protecting Adopted Children Act, which was introduced by Congressman JIMLANGEVIN this afternoon. 
about adopted children who have been ‘‘rehomed’’ by their legal adoptive parents. These children usually end up in the custody of strangers through arrangements that are often illegally made online in hidden Internet groups. 
that provides protections and support services for adopted children and their families. 
This legislation provides a more stable home for children with pre and postadoptive support services, such as training and counseling for parents, mentoring, and treatment services specifically for adopted children. 
preexisting Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force under the Department of Justice to include combating the illegal transfer of a child. 
gives law enforcement the tools it needs to combat illegal transfers, which we have learned through investigative reporting, typically take place online. 
these children succeed in a family that they may call their own. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, over the weekend, I was thrilled to be at the Winkler Gallery of Fine Art in DuBois, Pennsylvania, for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition awards ceremony for my congressional district. 
began in 1982 to recognize and encourage artistic talent among U.S. high school students. This year, I had the honor to serve as cochair of the annual national competition. 
blown away by the quality of work and the levels of creativity by the students in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. 
This year’s first place winner, determined by an independent panel, is Leah Kleiner of Waterford, Pennsylvania. Leah, whose work is titled ‘‘Little Brother,’’ attends Fort LeBoeuf High School in Erie County. 
in Washington this summer and displaying her awardwinning work in the 
DuBois and Madelyn Ostermann of Summit Township, respectively. Natalie Haupt of Oil City and Caitlin Cesa of Sandy Township both received honorable mentions. 
this year’s winners and thank everyone who participated in this fun and exciting competition. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
thoughts are with the people of Nepal and their families. 
the 7.8 magnitude earthquake and its unthinkable devastation. It is estimated that thousands of people have died, and more are missing. 
Three of those still missing are constituents of Washington’s First District. These people are pillars of our community: retired special education teacher Doreen Richmond, retired Bellingham firefighter Jim Lane, and smallbusiness owner Jeannie DeBari. 
I want to do everything I can to assist and support their families during this difficult time. I will continue to pray for their safety and their return home. I was glad to see the State Department provide $10 million in initial disaster assistance. 
To the people of Nepal and those affected in the region or here at home, know that the United States stands with you during this tragic time. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
since July of last year, Nadiya Savchenko, a member of the Ukrainian parliament and a military veteran, has been unlawfully detained by Russian authorities—her crime, unsubstantiated charges stemming from her defense of her nation against Russian military aggression. 
incarcerated in Russia, in clear violation of her human rights and international standards. As Russia tries to redraw the world’s borders, Ms. Savchenko has become the face of both Russian lawlessness and Ukrainian resistance. 
This evening, I join with the free people of Ukraine in demanding Russia free Savchenko and call on this body and this administration to utilize all legislative and diplomatic means to secure her longoverdue release. 
lawmakers in introducing H. Res. 50, which calls for an end to this injustice 
and reaffirms the United States’ commitment to a democratic Ukraine free from Russian interference. 
and push back against Russia’s continued threat to freedom. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
we all watched with great concern and horror the tragic funeral of Freddie Gray and then the enormous outpouring of violence and young people taking to the streets in Baltimore. 
We commend our colleague Congressman CUMMINGS and the many other 
citizens—pastors—who went to the streets and called for peace, but it is important for this Congress to stand up and call for criminal justice reform because, as we move into the summer, I express great concern as to the reactions of young people who are unemployed, who feel oppressed, and feel that no one cares. 
I will be introducing—and have introduced—the Build TRUST bill; the CADET bill that collects data on lethal force between civilians and police; a bill on prison reform—giving good time, 1 day of incarceration, 1 day of good time—to provide for early release of nonviolent prisoners. 
At the same time, I will be asking for 
legislation that will provide the same reporting requirements for private prisons as public prisons, as well as grand jury reform, among others. 
The important point is that the Nation needs to hear this Congress make a statement of their commitment to criminal justice reform. 
colleagues and introducing legislation that will draw bipartisan support so that we can respond to these tragedies and get America on the right footing and rebuild the trust between police and the community. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today, too many children are falling victim to a system of adoption that lacks necessary oversight. 
about children being ‘‘rehomed’’ into the custody of strangers through dubious or even illegal arrangements. As a child of adoption myself, I am personally invested in this issue. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Protecting Adopted Children Act today to reduce that risk and better help these children find stable, loving homes and to improve support services for adoptive parents. 
counseling on potential parenting challenges, postadoption mental health services, and peer mentoring—can play a critical role in providing a healthy environment for a child entering an adoptive home. 
ongoing dialogue between the families and adoption service agencies that should last during and beyond the adoption process. 
issue. We must do all we can to prevent adoptive children from being placed in dangerous situations. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor the Protecting Adopted Children Act. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am on a mission of mercy. The people of Nepal have suffered a tragedy. The bad news is that thousands have lost their lives and many are injured. 
United States has, currently, disaster assistance teams on the way to Nepal. There is also additional good news. The Nepalese community in Houston, Texas, has organized, and they are working to make sure that they do their part to provide disaster assistance. 
I am also proud to say that we are 
sponsoring legislation, H.R. 2033. H.R. 2033 would provide temporary protected status for those who are in this country, for those in this country on the 25th, the date of this tragedy, for a period of 18 months, so that they can stay here and not have to return home to circumstances that are untenable. 
that many have cosponsored this legislation, and we are looking for more cosponsors, Mr. HONDA and I. 
States has sent $10 million already allocated, and there is more to come. This is a time for us to show our friends where we stand, and we stand with them. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today I spoke on the steps of the Supreme Court as it heard arguments on whether more than 50 million Americans who voted to affirm marriage as between one man and one woman should have their voices snuffed out by as few as five unelected judges. 
To argue that the Constitution demands the Supreme Court invalidate centuries of marriage laws is a claim of 
legal fiction. Let me repeat; it is a legal fiction. There is no constitutional right to socalled samesex marriage. 
the nations that make these laws. No judge, no jury, no court nor government can legitimately redefine marriage to suit their personal preferences. 
their job and correctly recognize that the people of every State are free to affirm or restore marriage as the union of one woman and one man. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Madam Speaker, when the survivors of human trafficking are freed from their captors, they are often victimized again. This time they are abused by a system that does little to help them recover from years of rape and abuse. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act would help change that. It would provide support and restitution to survivors, and it would clarify the law, helping to bring the demand side— the pimps, the sex traffickers, and the purchasers of women and girls—to justice. 
I have been proud to work with Congressman TEDPOEon very similar legislation that passed this body overwhelmingly, unanimously, in January; but to become law, the House must now take up the Senate version and pass it here in the House. 
schedule a vote. Let’s send a message: women and girls are not for sale in the United States of America. They cannot afford to wait any longer for this vital legislation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable contributions of Dr. Jonathan Gueverra, President of Florida Keys Community College in Key West, Florida. 
Dr. G, as he is known, recently introduced me to a portal that connects students with jobs and serves as a guidance instrument for them while they are in school. I was particularly impressed with the component that informs students about the return on their educational investments, especially because financing is a fundamental aspect of the higher education debate today. This type of transparency is imperative in helping our students navigate a massive amount of information in an easily accessible way. I applaud Dr. G’s work to ensure that 
students in the Keys are connected with opportunities that will help them achieve their professional goals, while also educating them about the financial responsibility that is inherent in pursuing higher education. 
education here in the House, I look forward to encouraging innovation in the way that we help students achieve success, and also promoting access to funding sources like flexible Pell grants. 
Keys Community College have made it their mission to offer the best tools to their students, and I hope that their efforts can serve as an example to be replicated throughout the country. 
COMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Day is soon approaching, and as we, our Nation, take time to honor our mothers, I would like to make a special appeal to African American mothers across this country that they begin to use their awesome powers to take back our streets from the daily violence that far too many of our youth, far too many of our families, and far too many of our communities are experiencing each and every day. 
Black mothers to once again rise up to stop the unmitigated and endless violence that is occurring often—far too often—in our Nation’s streets. 
like the power of a mother. Beside me today is an image that many across the Nation have seen, and it is the subject of conversation all across our country. It is the image of a strong Black mother giving her son what I will call a ‘‘love whipping’’—a ‘‘love whipping,’’ Madam Speaker—to snatch him back from the grips of senseless violence that is currently plaguing the city of Baltimore, Maryland. 
Speaker, mothers can and mothers must be the mobilizing force to take back our streets. Mothers feel the pain of a loss of a child unlike any other. The primal scream of a mother at the sudden death and departure of her child is unlike any other outcry known to mankind. 
I am not one to excuse police brutality and police murder and police mayhem and police utter disrespect for the citizens that they are pledged and sworn to serve and to protect. And as a former member of the Black Panther Party, we in the party have always said, and I quote, that ‘‘spontaneity is the art of the foolish.’’ 
rioters across this Nation fail to understand, particularly those who are in Baltimore, what they fail to understand and what they fail to consider is how many people in that neighborhood were depending on the CVS drug store, or how many older neighbors of those same young people were looking forward to the day that they could call that burneddown senior citizens home a home for themselves, and they were looking forward to it being completed. ‘‘When is the movein date?’’ They were looking forward to the comfort of that senior home. 
Simply put, Madam Speaker, senseless destruction of your own neighborhood is not protesting; it is pillaging. It is not political; it is pillaging—nothing more, nothing less. It is pillaging your own neighborhood. 
sense. That is eating the wrapper and throwing the candy bar away. It makes no sense to pillage your own neighborhood and deny your own people. 
yes, and there is a beyond Baltimore. Beyond Baltimore, we must look at the whole picture of violence in our Nation. The violence that has plagued Baltimore didn’t come out of nowhere. It wasn’t just a spark out of nowhere. 
sparked by the frustration that so many African Americans feel with the reports of the death of yet another young African American man at the hands of our Nation’s police. It was sparked by the flame of frustration that far too many of our Nation’s youth are facing each and every day of their lives: unemployment, disrespect, brokendown homes, brokendown communities, failed education systems. 
that deny them a sense that there is a future for them in this Nation, these frustrations inflame all the fires in Baltimore or in other places across this Nation. 
friend Fred Hampton, my friend Michael Clark in 1969 to Michael Brown and Eric Garner and Tamir Rice and now Freddie Gray in 2015, we have seen far too many young men of color fall victim to the very same people who were sworn to serve and protect. 
power of a mother’s love and the power of a mother’s courage. She walked into harm’s way straightforward, directly to, located her son. And she is demonstrating a power that is beyond imagination and beyond all selflessness. 
that all mothers, mamas, our mothers—including my own mother—to honor them and to honor the important role that they play in taking back our streets and ending the violence that plagues our communities all across this Nation, I humbly call on America’s mothers, those in the African American community and outside of the African American community, those in urban areas and those in rural areas, all American mothers, to wear yellow, to wear yellow, to wear yellow on Mother’s Day in a symbolic show of solidarity and to create a ‘‘Mothers in Yellow’’ movement to end the violence that plagues this Nation’s cities, this Nation’s communities, this Nation’s neighborhoods. 
occasion to take back the streets. Your pain, the pain that you feel, your sense of loss of hope for your child, your sense of finality in terms of a future of your child, that pain must stop, and you have the power to stop it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 60 minutes 
this Easter, Pope Francis focused his message on the worldwide persecution of Christians. Around the world, Christians are being imprisoned, tortured, and killed for their faith. According to the Pew Research Center, no religious group is persecuted in more countries around the world than Christians. Christians faced persecution in 102 countries out of about 190plus that we have in the world. That was in 2013. So tonight I will mention only eight of those countries: Iran, North Korea, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya, Syria, Iraq, and Kenya. And I will also mention that terrorist group, ISIS. 
Christian pastor and American citizen Saeed Abedini has been held in an Iranian jail for the last 2
1⁄2years because he is a Christian. Weeks before he turned 7, Pastor Abedini’s son wrote to his imprisoned father, inviting him to come to his birthday party. In reply, Pastor Abedini wrote: ‘‘Daddy loves you so much. I long to be there for your birthday and to make this reunion happen, but my chains are keeping me from you.’’ His son celebrated his 7th birthday last month. It was his third birthday without his dad. His dad is still in the jailhouse because he is a Christian. 
World Watch List, North Korea is the worst persecutor of Christians in the whole world. Christians are sent to prison camps for possession of Bibles, which is a crime. Some are even executed because they are Christians. The State Department estimates that 80,000 to 120,000 North Koreans are imprisoned in labor camps, many because of their religious beliefs. In November 2013, 80 North Korean Christians were reportedly executed for possession of Bibles and South Korean religious films. Now to Pakistan. In Pakistan, two 
suicide blasts hit the Christ Church and Catholic Church last month, killing 17 Christians. A Pakistan Taliban splinter group claimed responsibility for the attack, which left another 80 people injured. Last week, two Muslims heading to Friday prayers at their mosque in the same city where the churches were bombed came across a 14yearold Christian boy. They stopped him and asked him his religious affiliation. And the boy proudly said: ‘‘I told them that I am Christian. They started beating me,’’ he said. ‘‘When I tried running, both boys started following me through the street.’’ They caught me and ‘‘threw kerosene on me and set me on fire.’’ This Pakistan boy, this Christian has burns covering more than 55 percent of his body. 
Coptic Christians experienced the worst single attack against their churches in 700 years, with 40 Christian churches destroyed and over 100 other sites severely damaged. Thousands and thousands of Coptic Christians are estimated to have fled their homeland of Egypt because of religious persecution. 
a tattoo of a cross on their wrist, Madam Speaker. It is a sign of devotion to their Christian faith. When his Arabic language teacher told Ayman Nabil Labib to cover that tattoo in the classroom, Ayman pulled out the cross that was hanging around his neck for all in the classroom to see. The teacher was enraged. He choked Ayman and asked his Muslim classmates, ‘‘What are you going to do with him?’’ His classmates then beat Ayman to death. He was murdered in an Egyptian classroom because he was a Christian. 
21 people because they were Christians from nearby Egypt. When the victims’ families wanted to build a church in their honor, they were attacked by another Muslim mob and beaten. 
for Christians. In June 2013, a cluster of Christian villages were totally destroyed. The head of all Franciscans in the Middle East reported that ‘‘of the 4,000 inhabitants of the church village of Ghassanieh, no more than 10 people remain.’’ In a village of 4,000 Christians, 10 are left. 
killing Christians. Two Syrian bishops have been kidnapped by rebel groups. Militants expelled 90 percent of the Christians in the city of Homs. Patriarch Gregorios III of Antioch says that, out of a population of 1.75 million, 450,000 Syrian Christians have fled Syria in fear. 
just as bleak. The number of Christian churches in Iraq has declined from 300 in 2003 to 57 today. A place that Christians have called their home since the time of Jesus, Iraq’s Christian population has almost entirely disappeared. The population has dropped 90 percent since the first gulf war. 
In Kenya, Christians are also persecuted. At 5:30 in the morning on April 2 of this year, the terrorist group al Shabaab attacked a school. Collins Wetangula, a student at the school, said when the gunmen arrived at his dormitory, he could hear them opening doors and asking the people who were hiding inside whether they were Christians or whether they were Muslims. 
Here is what he said: ‘‘If you were a 
Christian, you were shot on the spot.’’ A spokesman for the terror group told the BBC that it attacked the school because ‘‘it’s on Muslim land colonized by nonMuslims.’’ Of the 147 people who were slaughtered that day because they were Christians, many of them were students—teenagers, kids. 
When the same terrorist group attacked a shopping mall in Kenya in 2013, they took a number of shoppers captive. One of them was Joshua Hakim. When Joshua got close to his attackers, he showed them his ID, but he covered up his Christian name with his thumb. ‘‘They told me to go,’’ he recalled later. ‘‘Then an Indian man came forward, and they said, ‘What is the name of Mohammed’s mother?’ When he couldn’t answer, they just shot him’’ on the spot. 
Christian martyrs who are persecuted for their faith, Madam Speaker. The persecution of Christians has been going on since Stephen was stoned for his faith in Acts 7. But what these current accounts show is that persecutions of Christians around the world are growing in number and are being tolerated more by governments and, in my opinion, encouraged by some non Christian societies. 
tell it like it is. People should not make excuses for or cover up the widespread persecution of Christians throughout the world. Governments, terrorist groups, and others should not get a pass and ‘‘tacit hunting permits’’ to kill Christians. 
Pakistan and Iran and rogue terrorist groups like ISIS who get their legitimacy and power from imprisoning and killing Christians. As a country, the United States needs to reexamine its relationship with States that persecute Christians. Maybe we should give these countries less American money until they start protecting—instead of arresting—Christians. We need to be singularly minded when it comes to describing groups like ISIS and what they really are: They are evil; they kill in the name of their radical religion. 
our Nation and a foundation of our Republic is the principle of religious freedom, religious freedom for all faiths. It is constitutionally protected in the First Amendment of the Constitution. Of the five rights mentioned in the First Amendment, religious freedom and liberty is mentioned first. This is not by accident. Our forefathers were serious about the protection of religious liberty. It is a basic civil right, 
escape religious persecution in Europe, our Nation has stood as a bright beacon to the world for religious freedom for all faiths—Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Christians, and others. But the question before us today is: Will we remain a beacon of hope for persecuting Christians around the world? 
parable by the good Lord. I will paraphrase. He said: A man was traveling down a road, and he fell among robbers. The man was beaten, and his property was stolen, and he was left for dead. Other people traveled down the same road, saw the victim, but they passed over on the other side of the road. They went their own way and avoided this victim. 
the other side while Christians worldwide are being beaten, beheaded, and brutalized because of their religious faith, being a Christian. We must be that beacon that shines brightly in proud protection of religious freedom for all, including Christians. 
And that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 8 o’clock and 54 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2029, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 4, 2015, THROUGH MAY 11, 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–94) on the resolution (H. Res. 223) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 4, 2015, through May 11, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
account of attending the funeral of his fatherinlaw, Ronald Herbert Porter. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 29, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Resolution 223. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes and providing for proceedings during the period from May 4, 2015, through May 11, 2015 (Rept. 114–94). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
LUCAS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
striped bass as the National Fish of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
for utility special entities using utility operationsrelated swaps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 2042. A bill to allow for judicial review 
of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2043. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to ensure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. HANNA , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
Michigan, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
H.R. 2044. A bill to require that the Federal 
Government procure from the private sector the goods and services necessary for the operations and management of certain Government agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
H.R. 2045. A bill to provide that certain bad 
faith communications in connection with the assertion of a United States patent are unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2046. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the participation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in the prescription drug monitoring programs of the States; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2047. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to remove senior executives of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct to include removal of certain other employees of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. I SSA, Mr. F ORBES , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
DELBENE, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2049. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit foreign nationals from making contributions or donations in connection with State and local ballot initiatives and referenda; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E LLISON , 
SINEMA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARSON  
GALLEGO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. 
ESTY, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. 
H.R. 2050. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employersponsored health coverage; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
MEEKS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D ANNY K. 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
H.R. 2052. A bill to amend section 242 of 
title 18, United States Code, to forbid the use of chokeholds by persons subject to that provision’s prohibitions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2053. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to eliminate the different treatment under the Survivor Benefit Plan accorded members of the reserve components who die from an injury or illness incurred or 
aggravated in the line of duty during inactiveduty training compared to members of the Armed Forces who die in the line of duty while on active duty; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 2054. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for increased access to Department of Veterans Affairs medical care for women veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2055. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to submit to Congress a report on certain equipment purchased from foreign entities that could be manufactured in United States arsenals or depots, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
DELBENE, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Mr. F ATTAH ): 
H.R. 2056. A bill to establish a grant program to promote the development of career education programs in computer science in secondary and postsecondary education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2057. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to State educational agencies to develop comprehensive plans to strengthen elementary and secondary computer science education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for a certain effective date with respect to deemed tobacco products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. K IND, Ms. H AHN, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C OOPER , 
York, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ERA, Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. P ERRY , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. H IMES, Mr. F OSTER , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. U PTON , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. S IRES, Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. T URNER, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
WALBERG , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. H OYER , Mr. R ENACCI , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Gold Medal to Edwin Cole ‘‘Ed’’ Bearss, in recognition of his contributions to preservation of American Civil War history and continued efforts to bring our nation’s history alive for new generations through his interpretive storytelling; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2060. A bill to promote economic partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico, particularly in the areas of academic exchange, entrepreneurship, and infrastructure integration; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. E SHOO , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. H IMES, Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R USH, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. A MODEI , 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B URGESS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. R OBY, 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T URNER , Mrs. W AGNER, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): 
H.R. 2061. A bill to amend section 5000A of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2062. A bill to promote State requirements for local educational agencies and public elementary and secondary schools relating to the prevention and treatment of concussions suffered by students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
CONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Center for the Right to Counsel; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2064. A bill to amend certain provisions of the securities laws relating to the treatment of emerging growth companies; to 
H.R. 2065. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award Early College Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2066. A bill to promote and expand the 
application of telehealth under Medicare and other Federal health care programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PINGREE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. C ROWLEY ): 
H.R. 2067. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide for the award of a military service medal to members of the Armed Forces who served honorably during the Cold War, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
WITTMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
H.R. 2068. A bill to ensure the safety and 
wellbeing of adopted children; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to create a National Neuromyelitis Optica Consortium to provide grants and coordinate research with respect to the causes of, and risk factors associated with, neuromyelitis optica, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2070. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect employees in the building and construction industry who are participants in multiemployer plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
JOYCE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Ms. E STY, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. 
Ohio, Mr. R EED, Mr. V ALADAO , and 
H.R. 2071. A bill to ensure the safety of all 
users of the transportation system, including pedestrians, bicyclists, transit users, children, older individuals, and individuals with disabilities, as they travel on and across federally funded streets and highways; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. MCCOLLUM: 
land located within the Rainy River Drainage Basin in Minnesota from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and operation of the mineral leasing laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2073. A bill to provide for the establishment of a Home Energy Savings Retrofit Rebate Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2074. A bill to enhance rail safety and 
materials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
States Commission on an Open Society with Security; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. N ORTON , 
of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OFFMAN, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S HERMAN , and 
depository institutions that provide financial services to marijuanarelated businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2077. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of Transportation from increasing minimum financial responsibility requirements established by Congress for motor carriers of passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2078. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on the imposition of employment taxes on wages in excess of the contribution and benefit base; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(for herself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 2079. A bill to provide that chapter 1 
of title 9 of the United States Code, relating to the enforcement of arbitration agreements, shall not apply to enrollment agreements made between students and certain institutions of higher education; and to prohibit limitations on the ability of students to pursue claims against certain institutions of higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. SIMPSON, and Mr. L ABRADOR ): 
H.R. 2080. A bill to reinstate and extend the 
deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2081. A bill to extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States providing that the rights extended by the Constitution are the rights of natural persons only; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Capitol, and Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that any resolution to the IsraeliPalestinian conflict should come from direct bilateral negotiations without preconditions and without interference from the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P ETERS , 
40th anniversary of the Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
President to work toward equitable, constructive, stable, and durable Armenian Turkish relations for the next 100 years based upon the two countries’ common interests and the United States’ significant security interests in the region; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2039. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof 
H.R. 2040. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2041. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, as this legislation regulates commerce with foreign nations, between the states, and with Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2042. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2043. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment V—the bill assures that citizens’ liberty and property (their businesses and livelihood)are not deprived, that the government does not take property (market share, potential for profit and livelihood) without just compensation. 
Amendment X—Nothing in the Constitution authorizes the Federal government to do anything other than those things enumerated (coin money, enter into treaties, conduct a Census—which are inherently governmental). Thus, under Amendment X, the right to carry out commercial activities is reserved to the people. 
H.R. 2045. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The authority granted to Congress to regulate patent and intellectual property law is derived from Article I, Section 8, clause 8 of the Constitution, providing the legislature with the power to ‘‘promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ Further, the Necessary and Proper Clause found in Article I, Section 8, clause 18, provides Congress with the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 2046. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2047. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2048. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 and Article 1, 
H.R. 2049. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2050. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause I—The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the Unites States; 
Article I, Section VII, Clause III—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2051. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The ability to regulate interstate commerce and with foreign Nations pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 includes the power to collect and report livestock market prices. 
H.R. 2052. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2053. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 14 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
H.R. 2054. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 2055. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2056. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2057. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2058. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which permits Congress to regulate commerce. This legislation would modify the manner in which tobacco products are regulated. 
H.R. 2059. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2060. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Consitution Article I, Section 8: Powers of Congress Clause 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof 
H.R. 2061. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2062. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2063. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2064. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2065. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2066. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2067. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2068. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2069. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2070. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises to pay the debts and provide for the common Defense and general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. Additionally, Congress has the Constitutional authority to regulate commerce among the States and with Indian Tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 2071. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 2072. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2073. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2074. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2075. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 of article I, and clause 18, section 
H.R. 2076. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2077. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2078. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2079. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United 
H.R. 2080. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2081. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.J. Res. 48. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and 
H.R. 131: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
H.R. 188: Mr. C OLE and Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 213: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 232: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. K IND, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 235: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. P AULSEN. 
H.R. 304: Mr. K EATING , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 317: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. 
H.R. 484: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 501: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
H.R. 546: Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 556: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 602: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L YNCH , 
H.R. 606: Mrs. B LACK and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 702: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 721: Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 767: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 785: Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
H.R. 793: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 815: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 829: Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , and 
H.R. 842: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D ENT, Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. C LAY, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 846: Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
H.R. 863: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. 
H.R. 879: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 921: Mr. B ARR, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
H.R. 923: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 932: Mr. B ERA, Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. 
H.R. 953: Mr. D ENTand Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 986: Mr. H ARDY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M EADOWS, and Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 990: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
H.R. 999: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. J ENKINS  
H.R. 1086: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. B LACK , and 
H.R. 1087: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1088: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. F ARR, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. 
H.R. 1130: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. I SSA, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
H.R. 1192: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. M OONEY  
H.R. 1197: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHRADER , and 
H.R. 1198: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
H.R. 1234: Mr. O LSON , Mr. L AMBORN , and 
H.R. 1247: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. K EATING , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 1288: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1289: Mr. B EYER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. P OLIS, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1342: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1356: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. J ONES , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
H.R. 1415: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 1421: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C ARSON or Indiana, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  
H.R. 1462: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
HANNA , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1464: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1467: Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. M EADOWS , and 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1515: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Ms. S LAUGH TER. H.R. 1516: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
H.R. 1519: Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
H.R. 1537: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
RUIZ, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1567: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Ms. 
H.R. 1600: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. G RAYSON. 
H.R. 1602: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K EATING , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1614: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F LORES , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1629: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1650: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. F LORES , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 1666: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 1683: Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. K ILMER, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. Z INKE, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
H.R. 1706: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 1728: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 1734: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1736: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S AM 
H.R. 1769: Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
H.R. 1775: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  
H.R. 1779: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
SIRES, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
H.R. 1848: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1884: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. 
York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1885: Mr. A MODEI and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1910: Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
H.R. 1924: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1933: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B ENRAY 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1943: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. H IGGINS. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. L AMALFA , and 
H.R. 1994: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1995: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. C HABOT  
H.R. 2016: Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 2017: Mr. W OMACK and Mrs. E LLMERS  
H.R. 2025: Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. H IGGINS , and Ms. M ATSUI. 
H.R. 2032: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S MITH of 
RENACCI , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
H.R. 2033: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ALLONE , 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and 
H. Res. 54: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
KIND, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B ECERRA , 
and Mr. F ATTAH . H. Res. 119: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H. Res. 130: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H. Res. 154: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. 
H. Res. 158: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H. Res. 183: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 216: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 5: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to apply the report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquefied Natural Gas from the United States’’, published in the Federal Register on June 4, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 32260), in any public interest determination under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b). 
AMENDMENT NO. 6: Page 4, line 24, after the 
AMENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay a performance award under section 5384 of title 5, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill, 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the DavisBacon Act). 
AMENDMENT NO. 4: At the end of the bill 
keeping system other than those currently approved by the Department of Veterans Affairs Central Office in Washington, D.C. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following new section: 
AMENDMENT NO. 6: At the end of the bill 
funds provided by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—General Administration’’ may be used for the Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, and the amount otherwise provided under such heading is hereby reduced by $1,500,000. 
AMENDMENT NO. 7: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to transfer any funds from the Veterans Choice Fund established by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802) to another account of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2441 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2015 No. 62 