unanimous consent that the proceedings had during the recess be printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 434) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment. 
resolution the bill, H.R. 719, entitled ‘‘TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015’’, with the Senate amendment thereto, shall be considered to have been taken from the Speaker’s table to the end that the Senate amendment thereto be, and the same is hereby, agreed to with the following amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Office 
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS IG), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) does not ensure that its cadre of criminal investigators in the Office of Inspection are meeting this requirement, even though they are considered law enforcement officers under TSA policy and receive premium pay. 
the Office of Inspection primarily monitor the results of criminal investigations conducted by other agencies, investigate administrative cases of TSA employee misconduct, and carry out inspections, covert tests, and internal reviews, which the DHS IG asserts could be performed by employees other than 
it accounts for the cost of Law Enforcement Availability Pay, but not the costs of law enforcement training, statutory early retirement benefits, police vehicles, and weapons. 
Committees a finding, not later than 30 days after the Assistant Secretary makes such certification, that the Assistant Secretary utilized adequate and valid data and methods to make such certification. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, or as soon as practicable, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate— 
the Department of Homeland Security associated with the Office of Inspection’s review of instances in which Federal Air Marshal Service officials obtained discounted or free firearms for personal use; 
will be taken to prevent Federal Air Marshal Service officials from using their official positions, or exploiting, in any way, the Service’s relationships with private vendors to obtain discounted or free firearms for personal use; and 
will be taken to prevent the Federal Air Marshal Service from misusing Government resources. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that 
responsibilities, and benefits of criminal investigators in the TSA Office of Inspection with criminal investigators employed at agencies adhering to the Office of Personnel Management employee classification system; and 
costs implications for differences between the varying employee requirements, responsibilities, and benefits. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on 
Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a study that— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W ATSON  
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of H.R. 719, the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan legislation will increase operational efficiency within TSA’s Office of Inspection and will translate into cost savings for the American taxpayer, as articulated in a report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general. 
amended this legislation to build on the good work conducted by our colleagues in the Senate and provide increased oversight of the Federal Air Marshal Service in light of ongoing issues of sexual misconduct within the agency. 
inspector general to report to Congress on a review of TSA’s existing policies for identifying misuse of government resources within the Federal Air Marshal Service as well as TSA’s strategy for addressing instances of misconduct within the Federal Air Marshal Service. 
become necessary, as we have learned of recent egregious examples of both alleged sexual misconduct and misuse of government resources by air marshals. 
made aware of alleged sexual misconduct by three Federal air marshals in Chicago, Illinois, which came to light through an examination of a governmentissued cellular telephone due to a workman’s compensation claim investigation. 
reported that the involved employees not only utilized governmentissued cellular telephones for unauthorized purposes, but hotel rooms paid for with government funds were used to engage in sexual misconduct. 
I understand that managing a workforce that operates worldwide is a monumental task. But, as leaders, it is imperative that we maintain discipline in order to accomplish the overall mission of keeping our skies safe. 
These and other allegations of misconduct have plagued the agency and are devastating to the public trust, employee morale, and the high degree of integrity that must be maintained by Federal law enforcement officers charged with securing aviation and protecting acts of terrorism. 
held a hearing to examine the Federal Air Marshal Service, and we plan to continue to provide rigorous oversight as TSA works to address these disturbing examples of flagrant abuse of government resources and deplorable behavior. 
of this legislation, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), for his 
leadership on this issue as well as Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member 
Also, I would like to thank my colleagues in the Senate, particularly Chairman THUNE and Ranking Member 
to the bill and passing it through that Chamber. I look forward to working with them and working towards final passage of this bill, as amended. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015. 
Homeland Security inspector general released a report detailing the Transportation Security Administration’s misclassification of certain employees in its Office of Inspection as criminal investigators. 
found that the workload of these criminal investigators did not fit the Federal workload requirement to justify their title. 
these employees received enhanced benefits, such as premium pay, early retirement, and other benefits commensurate with the position, despite the fact that they perform little to no investigative duties. 
classified criminal investigator predominantly involves investigating criminal cases, the inspector general found that the workload for these employees consisted largely of investigating noncriminal cases, carrying out inspections, covert testing, and internal reviews, all tasks that could be performed by employees who do not receive the enhanced benefits. 
As the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency, I believe that it is important that agencies utilize their resources in a manner that is both effective and efficient. 
the Office of Inspection did not use its resources in a manner that would efficiently conduct internal reviews, inspections, and covert testing. 
If no changes are made to these positions, the inspector general estimated that it would result in the wasting of as much as $17.5 million over 5 years. 
all persons designated as criminal investigators are working on criminal investigations at least 50 percent of their time. 
Federal standard for the position and ensures that the TSA is providing enhanced pay and benefits to those who actually perform the duties of a criminal investigator. 
with the proper classification of criminal investigator and will not impede efforts to thwart terror plots and other criminal enterprises that threaten our national security. 
changes meant to address instances in which Federal Air Marshal Service officials have used their official capacities to obtain benefits from private vendors and to also address recent allegations of misconduct involving the misuse of government resources and solicitation by reviewing existing personnel and code of conduct policies. 
bring greater accountability to TSA’s Office of Inspection. This measure will also ensure that taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and that past abuses are not repeated. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
It is critical that we in Congress assert our oversight priorities to ensure that taxpayer dollars and government resources are being used in a responsible manner. We must make certain that our Federal employees, especially those in positions of law enforcement and significant public trust, are not misusing government resources to engage in sexual misconduct and are exhibiting the highest degree of moral fortitude. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
the table. JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILDING, UNITED STATES POST OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1707) to designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
UNITED STATES POST OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1707. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House. 
eventually became the first Jewish Federal judge in our Nation’s history. Settling in Helena, Arkansas, Judge Trieber issued rulings to protect against racial discrimination more than six decades before the Supreme Court would. For his unmatched dedication to justice, a lifetime of service, and his many landmark rulings, we seek support in renaming the Federal building in his honor. 
Appointed to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas by President McKinley in 1900, he served for 27 years and became one of the country’s most distinguished jurists and renowned constitutional scholars. Working simultaneously on more than 1,000 cases each year, Judge 
Trieber issued nationally important rulings on controversies that included antitrust cases, railroad litigation, prohibition cases, and mail fraud. Several of his rulings, especially the ones regarding civil rights and wildlife conservation, still have implications today. 
in civil rights, especially after seeing how discrimination against Jews consumed his home country of Prussia. After the move to his new home in the United States, Arkansas became very dear to him, but the blatant racism he saw firsthand affected his outlook on life and his work even more than what he had encountered in Prussia. Judge Trieber ‘‘sought to communicate— through his own life and deeds and his commitment to equal justice—that racism was detrimental to the people of Arkansas’’ and that only until the State’s race relations problem was solved could the ‘‘State’s great potential be achieved.’’ 
alone could not prevent the commonplace violence and racism, Judge Trieber took it upon himself to fight against injustice through several landmark rulings, two of which dealt with employment discrimination. He also fought against unfair election laws, which he correctly believed were unfair to women and Blacks. 
and even at risk to himself, Judge Trieber ruled against local hate groups, writing that ‘‘the rights to lease lands and to accept employment for hire are fundamental rights, inherent in every free citizen.’’ 
the Supreme Court, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 had finally granted the comprehensive protection against racial discrimination that Judge Trieber had long sought. In 1968, the Supreme Court overturned their original ruling against Judge Trieber’s interpretation, saying that his interpretation of the law was at last vindicated. 
life and was buried in Little Rock at Oakland Cemetery. He would never live to see the changes he fought so hard for, but by renaming the Federal building in the town he loved, we preserve his memory and acknowledge his very early role in the most important civil rights movement our Nation has ever seen. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with my colleague’s endorsement of Judge Trieber’s legacy as a trailblazer and champion of civil rights for all Americans. 
Judge Jacob Trieber was a highly respected Federal judge in the Eastern District of Arkansas who served with distinction for 27 years. Judge Trieber 
embrace international treaties as a basis for Federal policy to trump State regulation with respect to pollution control, endangered species preservation, and wetlands conservation. 
that a local group of White citizens could not compel a sawmill to fire its Black workers. Judge Trieber’s original decision was later cited as a foresighted ruling that had correctly interpreted the 13th Amendment. 
Because of Judge Trieber’s long history of public service and outstanding judicial service, it is appropriate to name the U.S. Federal building in Helena, Arkansas, as the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House. 
thank the gentlewoman for her eloquent comments, and I urge my colleagues to support S. 1707. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 261) to designate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 261. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I 
the United States Courthouse located at 200 Northwest Fourth Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
A native of Oklahoma, Judge Holloway served in the U.S. Army during World War II. Judge Holloway was nominated by the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals by President Johnson in 1968. He served as chief judge from 1984 to 1991 and assumed senior status in 1992 until his death in 2014. 
authored over 900 opinions and became the longest serving tenth circuit judge. I think it is more than fitting to name this courthouse after him. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
and served for over 45 years as an appellate judge in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. During his tenure, Judge Holloway wrote more than 900 appellate opinions and continued to serve as a judge until his death in 2014. 
awards, including the President’s Award from the Oklahoma Bar Association and the Humanitarian Award from the National Conference of Christians and Jews, and had a prestigious lecture series named after him. 
Federal service and his universally revered work ethic, I support naming the U.S. Courthouse located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and no further comments. I support the legislation. 
thank the gentlewoman for her support, and I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 261. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3116) to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
amend title 13, United States Code, to transfer responsibility for the quarterly financial report from the Federal Trade Commission to the Secretary of Commerce, and for other purposes’’, approved January 12, 1983 (Public Law 97–454; 13 U.S.C. 91 note), is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 3116, the Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization Act, sponsored by my colleague from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Congressman TEDLIEU. 
Mr. Speaker, since 1947, Quarterly Financial Report, often referred to as the QFR program, has collected and published key data on American corporate financial results. It is the primary source of data for GDP estimates and other topline economic estimates. Ever since its first development, the QFR program has been one of our Nation’s most important economic indicators. 
to measure how large sectors of our economy are doing. Without the QFR, we would lose a sevendecade economic trendline. The QFR’s loss would also have significant negative impacts on a wide variety of economic indicators. 
Authorization for this important program expires next week at the end of the fiscal year. Today we consider a bill introduced by Congressman TED 
LIEUthat will reauthorize this key program for an additional 15 years. 
The Oversight and Government Reform Committee approved this bill without objection on July 22. It is a good bill, and I would like to thank Congressman TEDLIEUfor his good 
work on this and his leadership on this issue, and I would urge my colleagues to support and pass this bill. 
Further, I would also urge my colleagues in the Senate to take quick action on the legislation as well. The QFR program is vital for understanding our economy, and we cannot and should not let it expire. 
Again, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I introduced the Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization Act, a bill that would reauthorize a vital and commonsense program for 15 years. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered the bill reported by voice vote in July of 2015. 
working to quickly move this bill forward prior to the program’s expiration this year. 
QFR has been a closely watched principal economic indicator used to determine our Nation’s gross domestic product, the Federal Reserve’s Flow of Funds account, and other vital economic estimates. 
Bureau based on a sample size of 12,500 companies across a variety of industry sectors, from mining, to manufacturing, to information and professional services. The end result is timely, accurate data on business financial conditions for over onethird of our economy that is widely used by both government and private sector actors. 
coverage to over 60 percent of our economy, tracking additional sectors and industries, such as health care and real estate. 
called the reauthorization of this program a top priority, and the U.S. Census Bureau has received letters of validation from both the public and private sectors. 
supports it as do companies such as ProQuest, a Michiganbased global information content and technology company, and companies such as Wells Fargo, whose chief economist wrote in support of this QFR and said: Good decisions require good information. 
that far removed from the wake of the global financial crisis, we need all the 
tools at our disposal to measure the state of our economy and to chart our progress. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I appreciate the work of Mr. LIEU. This is a good example of our 
working together on both sides of the aisle. We passed it smoothly out of committee, and I urge its adoption here today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 994) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. While this is a Senate bill, there is 
nobody who has been more passionate and excited and dedicated to getting this done than Mr. GARRETT of New 
may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ). 
for helping us to usher this legislation through today. I very much appreciate it. 
House to honor the life and the legacy of one of New Jersey’s sons, Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine of Waldwick, New Jersey. 
killed more than 3 years ago—that was back on March 27, 2012—while conducting combat operations in Afghanistan. In the greatest possible act of selfsacrifice, he gave his life while protecting the lives of men and women in uniform. He was just 29 years old. 
will honor him by passing legislation to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building. 
left by Staff Sergeant D’Augustine to his family, to his friends, and to his community, today’s vote will ensure that all of the residents of this town will have a permanent reminder of the ultimate sacrifice made by one of their native sons. 
our liberty, to protect our way of life, a few brave men and women have answered that call of duty. They stand— and have stood—between us here in the United States and those who would do us harm. So I am privileged to come here and stand before this House to honor one of those men today. 
graduating from Waldwick High School in 2001 that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. 
He was assigned then to the 8th Engineer Support Battalion, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, 2nd Marine Expeditionary Force. He had served two full tours of duty in Iraq and was just 2 weeks away from completing his second tour of duty in Afghanistan. 
He worked as something called an explosive ordnance disposal tech, and he was going ahead of his fellow marines, soldiers, sailors, and airmen. He was the one clearing the way for them. Although we will never know the number of lives that he saved, I think his numerous awards speak for his selfless heroism. 
Valor, the Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Ribbon, the Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, the Iraq Campaign 
Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Humanitarian Service Medal, and the NATOISAF Medal. I think all of these speak of his selfless heroism. 
Sergeant D’Augustine’s legacy continues in his community. The Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Memorial Fund offers a scholarship to one male graduating senior and to one female graduating senior who exemplify the highest standards of citizenship through strong character and dedication to community service. Since October of 2012, the fund has donated more than $94,000 to numerous charities as well as direct donations to veterans in need. 
and support for his family since his death has provided a glimpse into the numbers of lives that he has touched and to the number of lives his love continues to touch. 
parents, Anthony and Patricia; his three sisters, Nicole, Jennifer, Michele; and his brotherinlaw, Len—he will be remembered as a loving son and brother. 
To his fellow marines, he will be remembered as a faithful brother in arms. To this Nation, he will be remembered as a patriot who loved this country, who loved the Marine Corps, and who gave his life in defense of freedom. 
Fidelis, always faithful. Staff Sergeant D’Augustine lived this motto, and his legacy embodies it. He was faithful to his country; he was faithful to the mission; he was faithful to the Corps; and he was faithful to his fellow marines. 
In times such as this, words do fail to 
provide adequate comfort to his family and to his friends; but it is my hope, as I think it is the hope of us all, to know that the prayers and gratitude of this Nation are with them. 
supporting this legislation. Again, I thank the chairman for moving this legislation, for ensuring that the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office becomes an everlasting honor to his legacy and service to our Nation. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the consideration of S. 994, a bill to designate the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office. 
D’Augustine attended Waldwick High School, where he wrestled and played football. 
joined the Marine Corps, serving two tours of duty as an infantryman in Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
second tour in Afghanistan, Joseph was tragically killed while working to diffuse a bomb. Having served on Active Duty myself—and still in the Reserves—I want to honor Joseph for his service and also his family for their sacrifice and their loss. 
for his dedicated service, including the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, and the Humanitarian Service Medal. 
military service, he is remembered for giving back to his hometown through a youth wrestling program that he cofounded with his father. 
to honor the years that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine dedicated to this country and the ultimate sacrifice he made on our behalf. 
I urge the passage of S. 994. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
closing, you have heard today of the passionate, deepfelt belief of our colleague, Congressman GARRETT . It is 
very appropriate to pass this bill and name this post office after Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine. 
his family will know today, tomorrow, and forever how grateful this Nation is. People like him step up; they serve; they answer the call of their country. 
give pause and thanks to those men and women who do sacrifice. So I find it very appropriate that we would name this post office after this young man, Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine. 
I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1442) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, shall 
be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
introduced by Congressman CHRIS GIBSON. We are honored that he is championing this bill through the House. 
from which to give an overview of why it is appropriate that we honor Staff Sergeant Robert Dietz for his sacrifice to this country and honor him. 
may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). 
Mr. GIBSON. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a 
member of the Greatest Generation from my district in upstate New York. H.R. 1442 renames the post office in Kingston, New York, after Staff Sergeant Robert Dietz, who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courageous actions during World War II. 
New York, a proud and historical city in New York’s 19th Congressional District. 
his squad on an attack of a heavily fortified German position while protecting a key bridge. 
Under heavy machine gun fire, Sergeant Dietz advanced forward, clearing enemy obstacles, providing a path for the men of his squad and platoon. 
of this attack, but in the process, Sergeant Dietz made the supreme sacrifice 
Last year I had several local veterans’ service organizations reach out to me to rename the post office in Kingston for Sergeant Dietz. I thank these organizations, including the Kingston Veterans Association, William Forte, and Dan Joyce, for their leadership and for their support of this bill. 
entire Oversight and Government Reform Committee for passing this bill earlier this year. 
York State delegation for its strong support of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, today we pause to remember Sergeant Dietz and all of those men and women who have lost their lives in defense of our freedoms. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the consideration of H.R. 1442, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building.’’ 
served in the Army’s 38th Armored Infantry Battalion, 7th Armored Division, during World War II. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his valor, and this is some of what he did. 
He was leading a squad as they advanced, and a minefield and two well defended bridges blocked their path. Despite heavy fire, Sergeant Dietz led his men through the minefield and forged on. 
In a show of unmatched courage, Sergeant Dietz dodged bullets to independently advance to the first bridge, where he killed the bazooka team that was defending the structure. 
He continued to advance, killing another bazooka team as well as other German soldiers who fired at him. In his final act of bravery, Sergeant Dietz dove into waistdeep water to disconnect the demolition charges on the second bridge, and he was struck and killed by German sniper fire when he stood to alert his men that their route was then clear. 
in order to honor Sergeant Dietz’ valiant actions and to remember a man who truly put his country before himself. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 1442. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Sergeant Dietz, this is what made America great. People like this stepped up and answered the call. They find themselves in a most impossible situation, but they are fighting for their country. It embodies the American spirit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 322) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T EDLIEU) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise today in support of H.R. 322 introduced by Congresswoman ANNWAGNER, which designates the post office 
located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office. 
young person who went to serve their country, and we honor that person. 
to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the Congresswoman 
who has championed this through the House of Representatives. 
rise to honor a brave American hero, Sergeant Zachary M. Fisher, from my hometown of Ballwin, Missouri. 
District lost a brave young man when United States Army Sergeant Zach Fisher was killed by an IED while serving during Operation Enduring Freedom. Sergeant Fisher was assigned to the 27th Engineer Battalion of the 20th Engineer Brigade based out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He was 24 years old when he died at Forward Operating Base Lagman in Afghanistan. 
Zach graduated in 2004 from Marquette High School in St. Louis, where his history teacher remembered him as 
a patriotic student with an interest in how the United States developed as a country. 
wife, Jessica, just before his earlier deployment in Iraq. At the time of his death, they had been married for just 2 years. 
parents, Sue and Jim Jacobs and Bob and Alicia Fisher; and three brothers, Andrew, Clayton, and Alexander; along with two sisters, Emily and Zoe. 
States Army Reserves. When he told his parents that he wanted to report for Active Duty, they asked him to give them two good reasons why he would choose to put himself in harm’s way in the service of his country. His reply said a lot about the character of the man Zach Fisher. He wanted to join the Army because he wanted the discipline that it would provide, and he wanted to be part of something bigger than himself. 
Although the United States of America can never fully repay the priceless debt we owe to Sergeant Fisher, we can do our part to ensure that his memory lives on. Therefore, it is my honor to sponsor H.R. 322, a bill that names the Chesterfield main post office after such a courageous young man, memorializing a hero who gave up his life in service to the Nation that he loved. 
that Zach was their best friend. He was a dedicated warrior whose commitment to family, friends, and country will be long remembered. 
serve as a testament to the dedication and sacrifice of Sergeant Zachary Fisher, standing as a physical reminder of the bravery of one American from Missouri’s Second District who chose to serve a cause greater than himself. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the consideration of H.R. 322, a bill to designate the Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office. 
in 1986. A 2004 graduate of Marquette High School, Zachary was known for his passion for American history, patriotism, and academic excellence. 
surprise that Zachary decided to serve his country by enlisting in the Army Reserves in 2006. In 2007, he was deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and later, in December 2009, to Afghanistan. 
Fisher and seven of his fellow soldiers were killed in Afghanistan after insurgents attacked their vehicle with an improvised explosive device. For his honorable service, Sergeant Fisher received numerous military awards, including the NATO Medal, Bronze Star, and Purple Heart. Sergeant Fisher is survived by his wife, Jessica, his parents and five siblings. 
and still in the Reserves, I honor Sergeant Fisher’s outstanding service and sacrifice to our Nation, and also the sacrifice of his family. 
and remember the brave leadership of Sergeant Zachary Fisher and honor the ultimate sacrifice he made for our Nation. I urge the passage of H.R. 322. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my deep honor to support something that would honor the life, the sacrifice, and the commitment of the patriotism of Sergeant Fisher. 
I hope his family knows and internalizes how grateful his country is, how men and women across the country thank the young people who step up and serve their Nation. 
Zachary M. Fisher, and I urge the passage of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 323) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
which is introduced and championed by Congresswoman ANNWAGNER , which 
designates this post office in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office. 
and serve their Nation and to be able to recognize this person, their family, and their community. We are so grateful to be able to remember the great sacrifices that they have made. The person who is in the best position to discuss this is Congresswoman ANN 
rise in honor of an American hero. On March 16, 2006, Missouri’s Second Congressional District lost a brave young soldier when United States Army Sergeant Amanda N. Pinson was killed in 
a mortar attack while serving during Operation Iraqi Freedom. I would like to take a moment to reflect on the life of this courageous young woman. 
signals intelligence analyst assigned to the 101st Military Intelligence Detachment of the 101st Airborne Division, based in Fort Campbell, Kentucky. The Screaming Eagles are personal to me. My oldest son, Raymond, is presently serving as a captain in the 101st Airborne. 
Amanda enlisted in the Army after graduating from Hancock Place High School, where she won several scholarships and was on the basketball and softball teams. 
helping others. In high school, she started her own group called the Hancock Environmental Leadership Program, and she enlisted all of her friends to join her in making a difference. 
volunteers planted trees at local parks and volunteered with local seniors. The group also planted and maintained flowers at the entrance of Jefferson Barracks Park. The park where she used to plant flowers is adjoined to Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery, where Amanda was laid to rest. A pink willow tree was also planted in her honor at her alma mater, Hancock High School, in 2006. 
the admiration of her fellow soldiers. She was described as a ‘‘model soldier’’ and ‘‘a breath of fresh air’’ by Lieutenant Colonel Lucinda Lane, who spoke at her service. 
Pinson was awarded a Bronze Star, a Good Conduct Medal, a Global War on 
Terrorism Medal, and a Purple Heart. Her impact on the people privileged to know her is evidenced by the several memorials that honor her life. 
Amanda by dedicating the building where she worked in Tikrit, Iraq, naming it Pinson Hall. 
Chris; her father, Tony; and her younger brother, Bryan. 
The Sgt. Amanda M. Pinson Post Office will join the other memorials in her honor as a testament to the bravery, valor, and kindness of this American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for her country. 
It is my honor to sponsor H.R. 323, a 
bill that names the Affton Branch, Grasso Plaza Post Office after such a courageous young woman, immortalizing a hero who gave up her life in service to the Nation that she loved. May it bring comfort to her family and their friends and give witness to Sergeant Pinson’s bravery and sacrifice. To quote the face that adorns so many tributes and memorials to Amanda: ‘‘If love could have saved you, you would have lived forever.’’ 
So today on behalf of a grateful nation, I say: Thank you, Amanda. You are indeed loved. 
the consideration of H.R. 323, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Sergeant Amanda N. Pinson Post Office. 
of St. Louis, Missouri, and attended the high school there. Not only was Amanda one of the top students in her class, she enjoyed the opportunity to participate in sports and excelled in them, all while earning numerous academic scholarships. 
served her country. She was assigned to the 101st Military Intelligence Detachment out of Fort Campbell, Kentucky, where she served as a signals intelligence analyst. 
deployed to Iraq in 2006, Sergeant Pinson was tragically killed by a mortar round on March 16. She was the first female signals intelligence analyst to ever be killed in combat. 
Sergeant Pinson was honored by having the Army’s new cryptology center named in her honor and her memory. Additionally, Sergeant Pinson’s parents accepted a Bronze Star, a Good Conduct Medal, a Global War on Terrorism Medal and a Purple Heart for their daughter’s commendable military service. 
to remember Sergeant Amanda Pinson’s unselfish dedication to bettering the lives of those around her 
I urge the passage of H.R. 323. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
the passage of this bill. It is appropriate that the United States Congress honor Sergeant Pinson. 
know how much this Nation is grateful for this young woman’s service and sacrifice to her country. 
old. She answered the call, stepped up, served her Nation. While her life was taken, I think the inspiration and dedication that she gave her Nation should always be remembered. 
for bringing this to the attention of the Congress and championing it through. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 323. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 324) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office.’’ 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
We are here today to honor Lieutenant Daniel P. Riordan with a post office naming in St. Louis, Missouri. This has been brought to our attention by Congresswoman ANNWAGNER . 
through the Congress. She is in the best position to give the background and the reasoning for the naming of this post office. 
the chairman very, very much for his indulgence in these three post office namings. 
I thank the ranking member, also. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of 
a brave young man from Missouri’s Second Congressional District. On June 23, 2007, Missouri’s Second Congressional District lost a true American hero when United States Army First Lieutenant Daniel Riordan made the ultimate sacrifice for his country while serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
moment to reflect on the life of this young patriot. Daniel Patrick Riordan was born to Rick and Jeanine Riordan on February 17, 1983. 
older sister, Suzanne. After graduating from Vianney High School in Kirkwood, Missouri, Dan attended Southeast Missouri State, where he was in the Air Force’s ROTC program. 
After graduation, Dan decided to follow his father into the military and joined the U.S. Army, quickly becoming known as Lieutenant Dan. 
Lieutenant Dan became a tank commander, and in 2006 he was deployed to Iraq as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. As a member of Demon Company in the 1st Cavalry Division, Dan served with courage and determination. 
Despite frequently being outnumbered in enemy territory, Dan was always out on point, leading his platoon into battle. Dan took his leadership responsibilities literally. As he put it: How can I order my men forward if I am not willing to go first? 
to his country through service and sacrifice came as no surprise. He was both a fierce and dedicated warrior in the service of our country and a caring and loving gentleman who felt a duty to help those in need. 
sensitivity beyond his years. At the age of 5 or 6, while attending a funeral, Dan’s mom found him sitting with an elderly woman. 
When she asked him why he was sitting with her, he said she looked sad and lonely. It was this kind of compassion that drew him to the United States military: his desire to serve, help, and protect those in need. While at home on leave from Operation Iraqi Freedom, Dan consistently reassured his family that our country’s military efforts were truly bringing empowerment and freedom to the people of Iraq. He believed in a cause greater than himself, that of freedom, democracy, and the dignity of all people. 
mother a letter in case he didn’t return. One thing that he said was: Don’t mourn for me, Mom. Celebrate my life. 
Daniel P. Riordan’s life by designating the Sappington Branch Post Office in St. Louis, Missouri, as the Lieutenant Daniel P. Riordan Post Office. 
Dan a priceless debt that we will never be able to fully repay, but we can do our part to ensure that his memory lives on. 
H.R. 324, a bill that names the Sappington Branch Post Office after such a courageous young man, immortalizing a hero who gave up his life in the service to the Nation that he loved. 
This legislation will serve as a testament to the dedication and sacrifice of First Lieutenant Daniel Riordan, standing as a physical reminder of the bravery of one American from Missouri’s Second Congressional District. 
colleagues in consideration of H.R. 324, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in St. Louis, Missouri, as Lieutenant Daniel Riordan Post Office. 
Worth, Texas, and then later at the age of 5 moved to St. Louis, Missouri. There he attended the high school of St. John Vianney. 
Missouri State University, Daniel worked for the Department of Public Safety and the Jackson Sheriff’s Department. 
becoming a fighter pilot, Daniel also joined the university’s Air Force ROTC program. 
Upon graduation, Daniel was commissioned in the U.S. Army, beginning his career in the infantry at Fort Benning, Georgia. 
By 2006, he had become a tank commander of the Blue Platoon. In October of that year, his unit deployed for a 15 month tour to Iraq. 
attacks from explosive devices with only minor wounds, and he was proud of his unit’s brave actions on behalf of the Iraqi citizens. 
explosion instantly took the lives of Lieutenant Riordan and four others in his unit. He was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart. 
honor the sacrifices he made for the love of our Nation. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I urge the passage of H.R. 324. 
Lieutenant Riordan served with great courage and sacrifice for his Nation. 
I hope his family, friends, and colleagues, those around him will look to him for inspiration, somebody who steps up and answers the call of their country. 
knows how much we all care across the country for people like Lieutenant Riordan. I appreciate the help on both sides of the aisle to get this passed. 
everybody’s attention and really pushed to get it done. I hope we find it in our hearts to pass this appropriate bill today. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 558) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Chenault Post Office Building. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
It is a very appropriate bill, recognizing someone in the community. 
H.R. 558, which names the post office in Springboro, Ohio, after Richard Chenault. 
Ohio, on December 26, 1925. He was married to his wife, Phyllis, for 63 years. They have four children, four grandchildren, and four greatgrandchildren. He was a lifelong resident of Springboro and Clearcreek Township before passing away in November 2010. 
Chenault dedicated himself to serving his community and his Nation. A World War II veteran, Mr. Chenault served in the United States Army’s First Cavalry Division from 1944 to 1946, including a year in occupied Japan. Upon returning to Ohio after the war, he sought a career in which he could continue to serve, this time in his local community. He found that opportunity with the U.S. Postal Service, where he was one of the first letter carriers for the Springboro Post Office. He served his community as an employee of the post office for 22 years. 
his community and his neighbors didn’t stop there. He was a member of the Clearcreek Township Volunteer Fire Department for 45 years, and he served as chief of the department for 23 of those years. Additionally, he was a parttime police officer during the fifties, sixties, and early 1970s, and was a charter member of the Springboro Lions Club, which was founded in 1953. He didn’t miss a meeting for 57 years. Somehow he even found time to frequently mow lawns, shovel snow, and check on his elderly neighbors. 
adored and revered by the Springboro community. When he passed, his obituary in the Dayton Daily News was headlined, ‘‘Springboro Icon Dies,’’ and he had one of the largest funerals in Springboro history. 
community have sought the best way to honor a man who did so much for so many. Fittingly, the community has rallied to remember him by naming their local post office the Richard Chenault Post Office, as it was the post office that allowed Mr. Chenault to do what he loved best: serve his neighbors. I ask for your support in honoring 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 558, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Springboro, Ohio, as the Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Chenault Post Office Building. 
and service of Mr. Chenault. It includes service to his country in many ways. Serving during World War II, he returned back to his community and continued to serve. He was wellknown as a friendly face in Springboro. He became the first letter carrier when the postal delivery started in 1965, and he continued to do so until his retirement in 1988. 
I want to take the time to note that 
postal service employment is a form of service to our country and to our citizens. That is included in his resume of service, and it is deserving of recognition. 
He served in the volunteer fire department as their chief. He served as a deputy policeman. He also was involved in community groups, such as being a charter member of the Lions Club. He had an unwavering commitment to service in his community. One thing that is notable is that Mr. Chenault had perfect attendance at the Lions Club for 57 years. 
Mr. Chenault is survived by his family, but also by the community that he served. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Dick Chenault’s devotion to public service and the impact that he made on his community and those fortunate enough to know him. 
I would also note that this is an example of an individual who, at every level he was given an opportunity to 
serve, he did. It is with such honor that we should give him, his family, and those who knew him this recognition by naming the post office after him. I urge passage of the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Chenault, he was a great American. I am proud that Congressman STEVE  
bill, because he did everything as an American. He served his country. He served his community. He served his family. He was a volunteer firefighter, fire chief, parttime police officer, and a charter member and president of the Lions Club. For more than 50 years, he had a perfect attendance at the Lions Club. My goodness. 
his community and somebody who I would hope young people will learn more about when they see the designation of this post office. We thank his family. We thank him for his service to his country, his family, and his community. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1884) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OFFICER DARYL R. PIERSON MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
designation of a post office for a great American. This is brought to our attention and introduced by Congresswoman LOUISE SLAUGHTER . It is probably most appropriate that she be the one to tell us more about this person’s background, this person’s life, and why we should name this post office after him. It is a great American story. 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ). 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come before the House 
today to honor a great young man whom the Rochester, New York, community continues to mourn and seeks to memorialize. 
On September 3 of last year, Rochester Police Officer Daryl R. Pierson was killed in the line of duty. His job with the Rochester Police Department’s tactical unit was important to all of us. He was recognized for working to remove illegal guns from the streets. 
and ensuring that our children were safe, Officer Pierson paid the ultimate price at the young age of 32. He was the first Rochester Police Department officer killed by gunfire in the line of duty since 1959, and our community will not forget him. 
a young widow now—and two young children, Christian and Charity. It brings me great sadness to know that he will not be able to see them grow up and that they will only know him now from memory. 
the entire community, which came together in mourning. Over a thousand police officers and citizens of our area attended his funeral at the War Memorial Building. 
did in the police department. He served as a member of the National Guard. He was also an Army veteran of the war in Afghanistan. After all that, he came home to try to make his community safer. He died trying to do that. He was a devoted police officer who did his best every single day of his life. 
United States Post Office in his hometown community of East Rochester, New York, after him. It would be a wonderful tribute to his service. The most important thing is that every citizen of East Rochester and anyone else who uses that post office will never go into that door without remembering Daryl Pierson and who he was and what he did. 
better than anyone could. She said: ‘‘Daryl lived as a hero; he didn’t have to die to be a hero.’’ 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 1884, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located in East Rochester, New York, as the Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building. 
York, Daryl Pierson graduated from East Rochester High School and attended Monroe Community College. He served our country in Afghanistan before he began his service in the Rochester Police Force. 
ability to deal with chaotic situations made him a perfect fit for the department’s tactical unit. As a member of 
that unit, Officer Pierson received numerous awards, including the 2013 Good Conduct Award, and 11 letters of recognition from the police chief. In addition to his service in Afghanistan and his service as a police officer, he continued to serve as a member of the National Guard. 
when Officer Pierson was shot and killed in the line of duty while pursuing a suspect after a traffic stop. He leaves behind a family and a community and country that he served. 
to remember Officer Pierson and honor his years of dedicated public service and his ultimate sacrifice in order to protect his community. I urge the passage of H.R. 1884. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great American. He was serving his country. He served his community. As Congresswoman SLAUGHTER brought up, this 
and their two children, Christian and Charity. They are very young children, but I hope that they remember their father served this country nobly in the United States Army in Afghanistan and in the Army National Guard, putting his life on the line so that other young families could be safe and protected. 
and that, truly, this post office naming will serve as a reminder to all those in the community and our country that these great people step up, serve their country, serve their community, and they are loved by families and they do tough, difficult things that, quite frankly, a lot of other Americans wouldn’t do. We honor him this day. We encourage the passage of Congresswoman SLAUGHTER ’s bill, H.R. 1884. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3059) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
served this country in a very noble way, has brought this to our attention, introduced this bill, and shepherded it through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We would be honored, I think, all of us, to name this post office after such a great American. 
may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) to tell us 
measure is to memorialize the service of Bob Kalsu by designating the post office in Del City, Oklahoma, to carry his name. 
and attended Del City High School in Del City, Oklahoma, my alma mater and my hometown. 
At 6 ′3″ and 235 pounds, he was an All 
American offensive tackle in 1967, playing for the University of Oklahoma as they won the Big Eight Conference Title. 
The Buffalo Bills of New York selected him in the eighth round of the 1968 college draft, but he quickly proved himself by earning the team’s Rookie of the Year award in his first American football league season as guard. It would also be his final season of professional football. 
earning a commission in the field artillery in college. In late 1969, he was called to duty in the Republic of Vietnam. 
player, arrangements could be made where he wouldn’t have to serve, but 
He said: I gave my word to my country. Just because I play professional football doesn’t make me any better of a man or any different of a man then the men already serving our country. I’m going to live up to that commitment and the word I gave. 
Division, leaving behind his beloved wife, Jan, who was pregnant, and a 10 monthold daughter named Jill. 
his tour of duty, First Lieutenant Bob Kalsu was killed in action at Fire Support Base Ripcord on an isolated jungle mountaintop near the Ashau Valley, Thua Thien, South Vietnam. He was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart. 
daughter, Jill, and son, James Robert Kalsu, Jr., born 2 days after he was killed in action. 
Bob Kalsu was the only active professional football player killed in the Vietnam War. 
the namesake of FOB or Camp Kalsu in Iraq, a base where thousands of Americans served from 2003 to 2011. 
As long as we have breath we will remember him. This act allows others who live after us to do so as well. 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 3059, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. 
We have heard about this amazing individual who was blessed with such amazing athletic skills, who was selected to play football at the University of Oklahoma and received All American honors in 1967, leading his team to a 10–1 record and an Orange Bowl win. 
The following year, after being drafted into the NFL, the Buffalo Bills, and starting in 9 of his 14 appearances, he was again recognized as Rookie of the Year. 
football field that made Robert or Bob Kalsu a standout. He always put others first and chose to lead by example. He joined the ROTC at the University of Oklahoma and took to heart the pledge he made to serve his country in the Army. 
in the Reserves, he insisted that he was no better than anyone else and choose to serve on Active Duty. 
being stationed in Lawton, Oklahoma, Lieutenant Bob Kalsu received orders to go to Vietnam, and less than 1 year later, in 1970, he was killed by enemy fire. It is significant to note he is the only 
active NFL player to give his life in Vietnam and one of only a handful of professional athletes to serve in Active Duty, Lieutenant Kalsu is survived by a family and, amazingly, a son, who was born just 2 days after his tragic death. 
to honor this individual, Lieutenant Bob Kalsu, and recognize the last full measure of devotion he made on behalf of our great country. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 3059. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say, as 
this is our last post office naming that we have on the floor tonight, that so many of us go to postal facilities across the country. 
and I know the service that is given in a Postal Service. 
a community where so many of us go, I would like Americans to pause and recognize the names that are given to these facilities. 
these individuals. This is done so that their service will never be forgotten and that, as we go about our day, it is one of the things that we can do to give tribute to make sure that their service is not forgotten and to give some comfort to the families who lost someone in service to our country. 
Congressman STEVE RUSSELL for highlighting this person and his life because he truly was an AllAmerican in every sense of the word. 
He serves as an inspiration to a lot of 
people, and I do hope that his loved ones will remember him fondly for the great sacrifice that he gave and commitment that he gave to his country, as did millions of other Americans. It is appropriate that we recognize them. 
And, as was said, I do hope that, as 
Americans, when we go into these post offices, we recognize people like Mr. Kalsu, who put everything on the line to serve and sacrifice for their country to give us the freedoms that we have here today, that we don’t take them for granted, that there are men and women who serve who step up and answer the call of their county. And certainly Mr. Kalsu did that. 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 322) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 405, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (UT) Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Cartwright Davis, Danny Grijalva 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Price, Tom Scott, David Shuster Simpson Stewart Tsongas Williams 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
the table. RESPONSIBLY AND PROFESSIONALLY INVIGORATING DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 348. 
of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 420 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 348. 
from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and 
adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
America’s voters sent the 114th Congress to Washington to help turn around this Nation’s struggling economy. 
1⁄2long years, America’s families and workers have been waiting for the Obama administration to join with Congress to pass measures that will adequately restore jobs and growth to our land. The job clearly has not been finished. 
Throughout the Obama administration, America’s growth rate has been historically anemic. The truest measure of unemployment—the rate that includes both discouraged workers and those who cannot find a fulltime job— remains over 10 percent. Our labor force participation rate remains mired among historic lows. 
Median real household income, meanwhile, is 5 percent lower than in June 2009, when the recession officially ended. Median incomes are supposed to rise during economic recoveries, not fall. The Obama administration has managed to buck the historical trend. 
lip service to the need to unleash construction projects. If one thinks back 
to the start of the Obama administration, one can remember President Obama’s plan to solve the Great Recession with the nearly $1 trillion stimulus bill. 
according to the President, because America had shovelready projects from which new, goodpaying jobs would be created once the stimulus was enacted and the money was doled out. 
While many, including myself, disagreed with the fundamental premise 
of the stimulus bill, the President blamed his stimulus bill’s failure on the lack of shovelready projects. As he put it, ‘‘Shovelready was not as shovelready as we expected.’’ 
bill calls of leaders in Congress, the White House, the President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, and the private sector to streamline the review of Federal construction permit applications. It contains wellthoughtout, balanced reforms that provide for more efficient and effective decisionmaking. 
gives lead Federal agencies more responsibility to conduct and conclude efficient interagency reviews of permit requests, demands that any entity challenging a final permitting decision in court first have presented the substance of its claims during the agency review process, and requires that lawsuits challenging permitting decisions be filed within 6 months of the decisions, not 6 years, as the law currently allows. 
These are simple, but powerful, reforms that will allow good projects to move forward more quickly, delivering highquality jobs and improvements to Americans’ daily lives. 
passed the House three times during the 112th and 113th Congresses, each time with bipartisan support. 
help to create millions of highpaying jobs and make government decision making more efficient and effective. 
ensure that the impacts of new projects on the environment can be considered responsibly before permitting decisions are made. 
I thank Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee Chairman MARINO of Pennsylvania for 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote for 
opposition to the measure before us, H.R. 348, the Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015, or its nickname, the RAPID Act. 
won’t try to go into each and every one of them. Most critically, this measure 
would jeopardize public safety and health by prioritizing project approval over meaningful analysis that is currently required under the National Environmental Policy Act. 
By giving the proponents of construction projects greater control over the environmental approval process, this bill is the equivalent of giving Wall Street the authority to write its own regulations for financial responsibility. The bill accomplishes this result in several respects. 
streamlining the approval process, H.R. 348 forecloses potentially critical input from Federal, State, and local agencies, as well as from members of the public, to comment on environmentally sensitive construction projects that are federally funded or that require Federal approval. 
deadlines that may be unrealistic under certain circumstances. Moreover, if an agency fails to meet these unrealistic deadlines, the bill simply declares that a project must be deemed approved regardless of whether the agency has thoroughly assessed the task. This is an embarrassment, my friends. 
projects that put public health and safety at risk to be approved before the safety review is completed. 
some others, explains why the administration and the President’s Council on Environmental Quality, along with more than 40 respected environmental groups, vigorously oppose this legislation before us today. 
Citizen, the League of Conservation Voters, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club, and The Wilderness Society. Likewise, the administration has appropriately issued a veto threat. 
litigation, regulatory delays, and potentially force agencies to approve a project if the review and analysis cannot be completed before the proposed arbitrary deadlines, the administration warns that, if H.R. 348 ever became law, it would lead to more confusion and delay, limit public participation in the permitting process, and, ultimately, hamper economic growth. 
I have with this measure is that it is a flawed solution in search of an imaginary problem, and that is not just my opinion. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, for instance, states that highway construction project delays based on environmental requirements stem not from the National Environmental Policy Act, but from laws other than the National Environmental Policy Act. 
Service found that the primary source of approval delays for these projects are more often tied to local or State 
and projectspecific factors, primarily local or State agency priorities, project funding levels, local opposition to a project, project complexity, or late changes in project scope. 
Act will make the process less clear and less protective of public health and safety. 
is that, rather than streamlining the environmental review process, which we need to do, it will sow utter confusion. 
H.R. 348 does this by creating a separate, but only partly parallel, environmental review process for construction projects, which will cause confusion, delay, and litigation. 
National Environmental Policy Act’s review process, as contemplated by the measure before us today, apply only to certain construction projects. 
Act, on the other hand, applies to a broad panoply of Federal actions, including fishing, hunting, and grazing permits, land management plans, Base Realignment and Closure activities, and treaties. 
As a result of the bill, there could potentially be two different environmental review processes for the same project. 
would apply to the construction of a nuclear reactor, but not to its decommissioning or to the transportation and storage of its spent fuel. 
Rather than improving the environmental review process, the measure before us will complicate it and generate more litigation. More importantly, this bill is yet another effort by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to undermine regulatory protections. 
bills, this measure is a thinly disguised effort to hobble the ability of Federal agencies to do the work the Congress requires that it does. 
For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to strenuously oppose this seriously flawed bill. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chief 
sponsor of this legislation and the chairman of the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, once again, my good 
friends on the other side think we need more government, more EPA overreach, more regulation, to continue the $19 trillion of debt that we have and to continue the flawed job opportunities of this administration’s over the past 6 years. 
RAPID Act. As the gentleman from Virginia stated, during the 112th and 
bill on three separate occasions in a bipartisan fashion. 
number of important regulatory reforms that present the potential for immediately impactful economic growth across our Nation. 
Our Federal permitting process is undeniably broken. Duplicative environmental reviews have clogged decision making for years. 
that, on average, an environmental impact study will take 3 to 4 years, the permitting process for many projects takes years more or, sadly, even decades. 
Even more disappointing are indications that average environmental review times are increasing by over a month per year. 
has been driven by political whims rather than by the merits of any particular project that would be borne through economic growth and job creation. 
Political pressure should never impede projects of worth that would get Americans back to work. One recent study found that 7 years of delay on the Keystone pipeline have kept us from realizing nearly $175 billion in potential economic activity. At a time when true economic recovery lags and more Americans become disheartened and leave the workforce, such delays are unacceptable. 
The RAPID Act reforms remove government obstructions from the equation by implementing hard deadlines for environmental review, and they shorten the window for judicial review. It doesn’t take review away. It shortens it to a reasonable period of time. 
We cannot delay while our infrastructure—from highways and bridges to transmission lines and waterways— crumbles around us in America’s counties, towns, and cities. 
colleagues in the Senate to bring this bill to the President’s desk, and I hope that we can get this country working again. 
and employees have to be held accountable just like we are in private industry. They cannot sit back and let these permits and these issues stack up on their desks while they play games on their computers. 
I have hope that we can get this bill 
through and the country working again. Please support the RAPID Act. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ), the ranking subcommittee member. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 348, the Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act, or the RAPID Act. But if I had my druthers, I would change it to the ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Diversion Act,’’ or RAPID Act. 
I would say that it is a diversion because we have got important work to do in this Chamber, Mr. Chair. Everybody knows that we are approaching the end of the fiscal year. It will be here in 6 short days. 
During this whole month of September—we are at September 24 today—we have had a total of 8 legislative days during this month, knowing that we are coming up to the end of the fiscal year and we need to pass a spending bill to keep the government open and operating. We have been knowing this. 
July to September, a total of about 6 weeks at home lounging while the Nation’s business in Washington, D.C., went undone. We have spent a total of 8 legislative days out of the 24 days in September doing everything other than addressing the looming issue, which is the coming, or impending, government shutdown. 
one vote. This is the first legislative day of this week. We have got one business day left. The first legislative day, after hearing from the Pope, we have just had our last vote for the day. It was our one and only vote for the day, and it was to rename a post office. 
shutdown, and what are we dealing with? Instead of dealing with the Nation’s finances, we are dealing with this RAPID Act, which, as I said, is a diversion from the real duty that we need to be taking care of today. 
H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, is a misguided attempt to sow widespread confusion and delay in the review and permitting process under the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. 
For over 40 years, the approval process for projects under NEPA has saved time, money, and protected the environment, which the Pope spoke of our need to protect today. In fact, since NEPA was enacted, the U.S. economy has not contracted. It has actually tripled in size from just over $5 trillion to more than $16 trillion. 
agencies to prepare a detailed environmental review for proposals relating to ‘‘major Federal actions significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.’’ NEPA’s purpose is to provide a framework for wideranging input from all affected interests when a Federal agency conducts an environmental review of a proposed project. 
environmental review process for construction projects. Currently, NEPA applies to a broad range of Federal projects, including hunting permits, land management plans, military base realignment and closure activities, and treaties. In contrast, H.R. 348 only applies to a subset of these Federal projects, creating more regulatory 
allows any project sponsor to prepare an environmental document in lieu of such analysis by the lead agency. It is not difficult to imagine the shortcomings of allowing corporations, which seek to maximize shareholder value, to sit in the driver’s seat on environmental policy. In fact, that is why we have such environmental degradation today. 
built into this section reveals the bill’s clear design to allow project sponsors to manipulate the NEPA permit approval process to the greatest extent possible. It is clear that not only does this Republican bill task the fox with guarding the henhouse, it would also have him install the chicken wire as well. 
if an agency fails to meet the unrealistic deadlines mandated by H.R. 348, the bill would automatically green light a Federal construction project, regardless of whether or not the agency has thoroughly reviewed the project’s risks. 
Even if I were to set aside these concerns, it is difficult for me to look past the complete lack of empirical data supporting the premise of the RAPID Act, which is that agency compliance with NEPA is the cause of delays in approving permits. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reported in 2012 that project approval delays based on environmental requirements are not caused by NEPA, but ‘‘are more often tied to local/State and projectspecific factors, primarily local/State agency priorities, project funding levels, local opposition to a project, project complexity, or late changes in project scope.’’ 
the general counsel for the White House Council on Environmental Quality which oversees NEPA’s implementation, for over 20 years under both Republican and Democratic administrations, testified in the 112th Congress that most delays in the environmental 
review process are not the result of NEPA, but due to other factors entirely unrelated to NEPA. 
nothing to address the lack of adequate funds allocated to Federal construction projects or Statebased barriers to the timely completion of construction projects, which are two of the most common delays and have nothing to do with regulatory permits under NEPA. 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
Chairman G OODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , and 
Mr. S MITH for working on this important bill and bringing it to the House floor. 
the United States is an important issue in keeping America competitive. The methodical, slow, snailpaced decision or lack of decision process of the EPA to make a decision on whether or not to approve a project is absurd. 
The RAPID Act addresses the problem of extensive requirements and growing delays in Federal permitting and approvals for construction projects stemming from multiple agencies, excessive requirements, and unnecessary lawsuits. 
issued by the GAO, the average preparation time for the required environmental impact statement finalized in 2012 was over 4
1⁄2years. Now, the environmental impact statement is just the first requirement in getting a permit. 
took less time than it takes the EPA to make a decision on whether or not to approve a project. They just continue to study and study and study. Mr. Chair, it is about time for the EPA to pick a horse and ride it, make a decision about these projects. 
I am not going to talk in theory. I 
am going to talk about an actual project down in my congressional district. 
Americans have never heard of it. The SabineNeches waterway is what some of us call ‘‘the other Texas international border.’’ It is the waterway between Louisiana and Texas. We have been wanting, since 1997, to deepen that 40foot waterway to 48 feet. That is just 8 feet. We just want to make it a little deeper so ships can come in and offload their cargo and offload their fuel. 
come in with a full load of fuel on those tankers. They have to offload it, sometimes 20 percent, in the Gulf of Mexico and then bring in the rest. That costs money. We just want 8 feet. 
EPA for an environmental impact statement and finally got that impact statement. It took 20 years to get an impact statement. I have had 11 grandkids since I have been in Congress, and that impact statement has been pending all that time. 
We just want 8 feet. Is it okay? The 
EPA finally made a decision, but yet we still haven’t started moving dirt. 
million. Now, it is about $1.3 billion, and we still don’t have that extra 8 feet. Why? Because the bureaucrats can’t make a decision. Delay, delay, delay. 
Delay, Delay. All this bill does, it says to this bureaucracy, study the information, reach a conclusion, and approve the project if it ought to be approved so America can be competitive worldwide. But, no, the other side says: Well, we need more studies; we need more information. 
have had to deal with the EPA in building the Panama Canal, it would have never been built because of all the regulatory requirements—some unnecessary, in my opinion. 
Let’s get America working again. The SabineNeches Waterway has numerous refineries on it. It is the energy hub of the United States. We just want 8 feet, Mr. Chair. That is all we want. Pick a horse and ride it. The EPA needs to get their act together. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
Chair, I rise to oppose H.R. 348, also known as the RAPID Act. This bill will rapidly cause environmental degradation. 
could have projects that harm the environment that are deemed approved, even if the review process was not yet completed. That is crazy. Keep in mind, we have had over 60 straight months of job creation under the Obama administration. Those are the facts. 
that it will cause confusion. It will cause increased delays and limit public involvement in this important process. It is also unscientific. 
says we cannot count the social cost of carbon. Now, I believe in a free market, and I believe that that has made America strong, but we can’t have government artificially come in and say we are going to say things are costs and things are not costs when it is not scientifically based. 
to increase climate change and caused global warming. That is why I, along with Representatives PETERS , POLIS, 
amendment to put that language back in. We can’t just say stop talking and ignore carbon. 
Pope Francis came in to a joint session of Congress and told us to really revert and look at what we have done in terms of causing environmental degradation. 
back to attacking the environment. This is not right. 
yield 1 minute to myself to say to the gentleman from California that we may have 60 straight months of increased job creation, but the average 
American worker is making 5 percent less than they were before those 60 months began. The reason is that we are overregulating our economy. 
we have got to have the infrastructure to do it. We have got to have the projects like were just described by Congressman POEof Texas. 
a lot more jobs to east Texas and to Louisiana by being able to bring that product further up inland. 
environmental assessment, but it doesn’t require assessment that takes 20 years to take place. It should take place in a much more limited period of time. 
the mind on what needs to get done. That includes taking careful consideration of the environment, but it doesn’t include delay, delay, delay. 
the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ), a member of the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources, both of which understand the importance of these projects. 
had the privilege of being elected to the 114th Congress, I spent more than four decades in the construction industry. 
After growing up as a fifthgeneration son of a farmer and rancher, I set out to learn the trades and acquire the skills that would one day allow me to support myself and my family. 
in construction, I learned what it takes to start and run a successful business and how to create quality, goodpaying jobs. 
I also learned the satisfaction of seeing the fruits of our labor in the roads, bridges, and dams we built and how they define the communities we serve. 
businesses like the one I used to own are struggling all across America from Federal bureaucracy that is rife with delays, duplication, and uncertainty. 
about construction projects that have ground to a halt as resources are redirected to navigate the onerous NEPA process. 
manage, NEPA delays meant idled equipment, mass layoffs, and millions of dollars going towards compliance. These are sunk costs on the macro level and will continue to hold our economy back. 
We need to get smart about environment protection and to ensure that we do it in ways that allow businesses to thrive. H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, will go a long way toward achieving that goal. 
and far too many are in search of quality employment, we have the responsibility to give manufacturers, construction workers, and other engines of economic growth the certainty they desperately need to create highpaying jobs. 
an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ), a 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, my friend, Chairman GOODLATTE , 
bemoaned the fact that, over the last 64 straight months of job growth under the Obama administration, wages have remained stagnant. 
the top 10 percent, and specifically the top 1 percent, which have gone through the roof despite what he calls overregulation. 
income disparity that Pope Francis mentioned today. It is unrelated to this issue of regulations which are there to protect people. They, in fact, protect people and they protect our environment. 
and talk about a dredging project that was delayed because of NEPA, but, actually, the truth of the matter is that that project was delayed due to lack of funding. Funding for the project was only authorized last year. 
around and talk about how much the regulatory agencies study and study and study, what we do in Congress is simply ignore the funding needs for infrastructure in this country, which is what that dredging project was all about. 
the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, which was estimated to cost $652 million to complete. 
Resources Reform and Development Act last year, the Federal Government had only provided $1.28 million—$1.28 million—less than 1 percent. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, let’s take it back to the year 2011 with the Ryan Budget Control Act, which imposed sequestration on the Federal Government, cutting both defense and nondefense spending 10 percent across the board. 
We can’t have it both ways. If we are 
not going to fund, we have to admit that that is the reason these projects are not getting done. Don’t blame it on NEPA. 
am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
myself the balance of my time. Members of the committee, do not be 
misled by the title of this bill. Rather than effectuating real reforms to the process by which Federal agencies undertake environmental impact reviews, as required by the National Environmental Policy Act, this measure before us will actually result in making the process less responsible, less professional, and less accountable. 
to this session of Congress. Accordingly, I urge that my colleagues carefully consider the discussion on this measure and oppose H.R. 348. 
Alaska Wilderness League, American Rivers, Center for Biological Diversity, Citizens for Global Solutions, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Air Council, Clean Water Action, Conservation Colorado, Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, EDF Action, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Epic—Environmental Protection Information Center, Energy Action Coalition, Friends of the Earth, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy, Green Latinos, Kentucky Heartwood. 
Siskiyou Wildlands Center, KyotoUSA, League of Conservation Voters, Los Padres ForestWatch, Marine Conservation Institute, Montana Environmental Information Center, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, New Energy Economy, New Jersey Sierra Club, Oceana, Ocean Conservation Research, Public Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Safe Climate Campaign, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now, SustainUS. 
millions of members and activists, we are writing to urge you to oppose H.R. 348 the misleadingly named ‘‘Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015.’’ Instead of improving the permitting process, the bill will severely undermine the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and, consequently, the quality and integrity of federal agency decisions. 
plays a critical role in ensuring that projects are carried out in a transparent, collaborative, and responsible manner. NEPA simply requires federal agencies to assess the environmental, economic, and public health impacts of proposals, solicit the input of all affected stakeholders, and disclose their findings publicly before undertaking projects that may significantly affect the environment. Critically, NEPA recognizes that the public—which includes industry, citizens, local and state governments, and business owners—can make important contributions by providing unique expertise. NEPA also gives a voice to the most impacted and underrepresented, especially to the most vulnerable communities who usually have to bear the most burden of where federal projects are proposed in the first place. However, H.R. 348 strikes at these core purposes of NEPA by systematically prioritizing speed of decisions and project approval over the public interest. 
Studies on the causes of delay in the permitting process reveal that the primary cause of delay is not the NEPA process. Rather, as multiple studies by the Government Accountability Office and the Congressional Research Service have pointed out, the principal causes of delay in permitting rest outside the NEPA process entirely and are attributable to other factors such as lack 
of funding, project complexity, and local opposition to the project. The RAPID Act ignores the true causes of delay, and instead, focuses on institutionalizing dangerous ‘‘reforms’’ that restrict public input, limit review of the environmental and economic impacts of projects, and that create more, not less, bureaucracy. Provisions in the RAPID Act, such as the following, will create more delays in permitting, result in less flexibility in the process, and tilt the entire permitting process towards shareholder interest, not the public interest. For example, the bill: 
forces stakeholders into court preemptively simply to preserve their right to judicial review. The bill also limits the public’s judicial access to challenge and address faulty environmental reviews which in turn is likely to increase the controversy and the amount of litigation derived from the permitting process which in turn could add to project delays. 
the RAPID Act will only serve to increase delay and confusion around the environmental review process. We believe compromising the quality of environmental review and limiting the role of the public is the wrong approach. 
Far from being broken, the National Environmental Policy Act has proven its worth as an invaluable tool. It ensures that the public, developers, and agencies have a reliable template for consistent and fair proposal assessment for major projects that may impact federal resources. The RAPID Act contradicts and jeopardizes decades of experience gained from enacting this critical environmental law. Further, it tips the balance away from informed decisions and public oversight, jeopardizing the public’s ability to participate in how public resources will be managed. Please oppose this unnecessary and overreaching piece of legislation and vote ‘‘no’’ on the RAPID Act. 
problems with the underlying bill, we make the following vote recommendations on amendments offered to the RAPID Act. 
amendment would prompt illinformed decisions by limiting the role of cooperating agencies in the environmental review process. It would also severely limit the public’s ability to use the courts their rights by requiring eventual plaintiffs to participate in drastically shortened comment periods and administrative proceedings that, in many cases, agencies do not provide. 
Vote yes on Peters (D–CA) #2—This amendment ensures that the true impacts of climate change are considered by allowing agencies to consider the social costs of carbon when conducting environmental reviews. Agencies should be free to incorporate the social cost of carbon into the agency decision making process, which will result in better informed and responsible decisions that safely invest taxpayer dollars by taking into account climate change, the fundamental environmental issue of our time. 
amendment will undo one of the more pernicious provisions in the H.R. 348 which, in cases where an agency fails to meet arbitrary deadlines prescribed by the bill, projects are simply deemed approved regardless of their economic, health, or environmental impacts. The bill, without this amendment, puts communities at risk by greenlighting projects without fully considering environmental impacts or the opinions of those who will be impacted the most. 
amendment maintains national security by undoing hasty shortcuts in the permitting process and rightly ensuring a full review for projects that could be potential targets for terrorist attacks. This amendment wisely ensures that shortcutting critical federal review of projects does not apply those projects that most need informed decisions because of the tremendous impacts they may have on our national security. 
amendment rightly ensures that nothing in the bill will limit input of affected stakeholders, local governments, private property owners, or business owners. 
amendment would prevent project approvals under the arbitrary timelines set forth in the bill if the project under consideration would limit access to or opportunities for hunting or fishing or would impact threatened or endangered species. According to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, wildlife related recreation contributes more than $140 billion dollars to the U.S. economy and supports thousands of jobs connected to fishing, hunting, and the observance of wildlife. 
amendment preserves meaningful input by local governments and tribal officials on projects affecting their communities by allowing them to request extensions of the arbitrary deadlines in the bill. 
shortcutting of meaningful public input and review of a project’s impacts under the RAPID Act could potentially lead to disproportionate impacts on lowincome communities and communities of color. This amendment ensures such impacts are carefully addressed during the review of project alternatives. 
truncated review procedures under the RAPID Act would potentially apply to construction projects of enormous size, scope, and complexity. Climate change poses severe threats to the health, safety, and economies of local communities through the increased risks of floods, fire and severe weather. This 
amendment ensures federal agencies consider these impacts and construct projects that are resilient to the impacts of climate change. 
Vote no on Gosar (R–AZ) #11—This amendment would broaden one of the most damaging provisions of the bill which prevents Federal agencies from considering the true costs of climate change, putting communities and taxpayer dollars at risk. 
Whatever the outcome of these amendments, we urge a no vote on final passage. 
Leah Donahey, Senior Campaign Director, Alaska Wilderness League; Jim Bradley, Vice President, Policy and Government Relations, American Rivers; Bill Snape, Senior Counsel, Center for Biological Diversity; Tony Fleming, Campaigns Director, Citizens for Global Solutions; Joseph Otis Minott, Executive Director & Chief Counsel, Clean Air Council; Conrad Schneider, Advocacy Director, Clean Air Task Force; Lynn Thorp, National Campaigns Director, Clean Water Action; Luke Schafer, West Slope Advocacy Director, Conservation Colorado; David Jenkins, President, Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship; Raul Garcia, Associate Legislative Counsel, Earthjustice; Elizabeth B. Thompson, President, EDF Action; Lydia Avila, Executive Director, Energy Action Coalition; Karen E. Torrent, Esq., Federal Legislative Director, Environmental Law and Policy Center; Natalynne 
DeLapp, Executive Director, EpicEnvironmental Protection Information Center; Marissa Knodel, Climate Campaigner, Friends of the Earth; Mark Magana, President, Green Latinos; Colette Pichon Battle, Esq., Executive Director, Gulf Coast Center for Law & Policy; Jim Scheff, Director, Kentucky Heartwood; Kimberly Baker, Executive Director, Klamath Forest Alliance; Mary Beth Beetham, Director of Legislative Affairs, Defenders of Wildlife; George Sexton, Conservation Director, Klamath Siskiyou Wildlands Center; Tom Kelly, Executive Director, KyotoUSA; Zach Drennen, Government Affairs Associate, League of Conservation Voters; Jeff Kuyper, Executive Director, Los Padres ForestWatch; Michael Gravitz, Director of Policy and Legislation, Marine Conservation Institute; Anne Hedges, Deputy Director, Montana Environmental Information Center; Craig D. Obey, Senior Vice President, Government Affairs, National Parks Conservation Association; Sharon Buccino, Director, Lands & Wildlife Program, Natural Resources Defense Council; Mariel Nanasi, Executive Director, New Energy Economy; Jeff Tittel, Director, New Jersey Sierra Club; Jacqueline Savitz, Vice President, U.S. Oceans, Oceana; Michael Stocker, Director, Ocean Conservation Research; David J. Arkush, Managing Director, Climate Program, Public Citizen; Rober K. Musil, Ph.D., M.P.H., President, Rachel Carson Council, Inc.; Daniel Becker, Director, Safe Climate Campaign; Liz Martin Perera, Climate Policy Director, Sierra Club; Navis A. Bermudez, Deputy Legislative Director, Southern Environmental Law Center; Alan Journet, CoFacilitator, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now; Adam Hasz, Chair, SustainUS; Andrew Rosenberg, Director, Center for Science and Democracy, Union of Concerned Scientists; Katy Siddall, Director of Government Relations, Energy, The Wilderness Society; Erik Schlenker 
Mr. Chairman, first, to the gentleman from Georgia, let me just say that the Water Resources Development Act, which passed this House, has in it the same streamlining provisions of the permitting processes for the projects that it would fund that are based on the ideas in this bill. 
Why? Because we know that, just because we come up with the funds for something, those funds can be churned and churned and churned year after year after year in the permitting process and never ever get to a permit so the underlying construction can take place in Texas or Savannah, Georgia, or Virginia, or all of the other places where infrastructure projects are needed. 
Part of the enormous cost of it is the 
enormous process that we go through and the length of that process and the review and review and review that never gets to a decision. 
false alarms from my friends on the other side of the aisle. For example, we have heard that the bill does not allow enough time for environmental reviews to be completed. 
when necessary, allows as much time for the completion of an environmental impact statement as it took our Nation to win World War II. Surely that is time enough. 
We have heard that the bill will generate more litigation because there may be litigation over what its new terms mean, but that argument can be made against any reform legislation. If it were a valid and sufficient reason to defeat legislation, we would never pass another reform bill. 
time requires litigants to present their claims to permit agencies before they sue in court and to file lawsuits no later than 180 days after the agency’s final decisions. That will reduce litigation, not increase it. 
House has threatened to veto the bill. Mr. Chairman, that is what is truly alarming. This legislation fulfills the calls of the President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness to streamline the review of Federal permit applications. We are doing that in this legislation. 
which even President Obama claims would create jobs. In fact, it would generate millions of highpaying, good jobs for our Nation’s workers and families, who so desperately need them. It would raise the standard of living of Americans. 
issuing threats to veto the legislation. The White House should be running to lend its support to this bill. 
the commonsense reforms in this bill. Pass the RAPID Act, call the President’s bluff, give the Nation shovel ready projects. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARDY ), having assumed the chair, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
month marks the 25th year of September being National Rice Month. Today I want to pay special tribute to the hardworking American farmers, millers, merchants, suppliers, and the consumers who make rice not only such a wholesome food, but an important part of our economy. 
predates our Nation’s founding, beginning some 300 years ago in the Deep South. Today, America’s rice industry creates 125,000 goodpaying jobs and contributes an estimated $34 billion to our Nation’s economy. 
longstanding commitment to protect and preserve natural resources. Today, U.S. rice farmers produce more rice, using less land, energy, and water, using cuttingedge technology in land leveling, in yield, and in technology for using less chemicals. 
than it was 20 years ago, while providing critical waterfowl habitat for hundreds of species. I know personally because I have leveled many of these fields myself. 
serve as leaders in the farming community by producing a healthy, conservationfriendly rice crop that generates jobs and economic opportunity. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing September as National Rice Month. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
Speaker, it is truly an honor to serve here in the United States Congress, but we sully that honor when we waste the American people’s time with misplaced priorities and manufactured crises. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has one fundamental responsibility: funding the Federal Government. But unfortunately, Republicans in Congress insist on undermining these responsibilities at virtually every turn. 
Mr. Speaker, Republicans already insist on maintaining reckless sequester funding that chokes services for working and middle class Americans, seniors, veterans, and children. Instead of passing Republican budgets that meet the everchanging needs of our Nation, Republicans choose to kick the can down the road through continuing resolutions that waste precious time and shortchange the American people. 
resolutions weren’t already bad enough, now we are facing a complete Federal shutdown because Republicans insist on holding Federal funds for women’s health care hostage. Congress has just 4 legislative days remaining to pass a funding bill. 
are fed up with this brinksmanship. It is time for us to run the country like adults. 
Let’s remember why this is happening: Republicans have pledged to shut down the entire Federal Government because of objections to abortion services by Planned Parenthood. Never mind that not a single cent of Federal money funds abortions by Planned Parenthood. Never mind that Planned Parenthood provides health care and education to more than 2.6 million Americans—both men and women—each year. Never mind that 97 percent of Planned Parenthood’s health services are unrelated to abortions. Republicans would rather ignore these truths and instead rely on a series of distorted videos secretly filmed by discredited and shady antiabortion activists. 
about creating jobs, building infrastructure, reducing college debt, and reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act, I am forced to stand here on the House floor to remind the American people about the dangers we face with yet another Republican shutdown. 
Here are a few ways that this shutdown would harm the American people: A shutdown would close more than 
400 national parks and monuments. It would increase backlogs for veterans’ pensions, compensation, and disability claims. It would delay tax refunds and Federal home loan applications; prohibit the National Institutes of Health from accepting new patients; shut down EVerify screening for businesses to limit hiring undocumented workers; shutter Head Start programs for low income families and children; and close Federal courts. 
to quantify, but we don’t have to look too far back to estimate the potential impact. In 2013, Republicans shut the government down for 16 days in a failed attempt to defund the Affordable Care Act. That shutdown furloughed 850,000 Federal workers for a total of 6.6 million days. The 2013 shutdown cost $2 billion in lost productivity. Standard & Poor’s estimated that the shutdown cost the U.S. economy $24 billion and stalled the creation of more than 100,000 private sector jobs, and $4.4 billion in tax returns were delayed. Small businesses and private lenders had to delay loans due to lack of access to Federal Social Security number and income verification tools. 
it is inconceivable that we could walk into this type of catastrophe by choice. That must be why the Speaker of the House, in 2013, called that shutdown a ‘‘very predictable disaster.’’ 
predicting solutions than disasters. That is why I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Congressional Progressive Caucus to stave off this irresponsible and dangerous shutdown. Again, this is the one thing our constituents sent us to Washington for: to fund the government. This is our job. 
colleagues to set aside their partisan bickering and work with us to keep this government open. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, early this month, I visited Brookville, Jefferson County, located in my district, to congratulate local officials and community leaders on securing funds for a longawaited project. The Historic Brookville Town Square is one of the most important pieces of the community’s longterm plan and is the product of a very successful fundraising effort by Historic Brookville, Incorporated. 
will be located next to the Jefferson County Courthouse on land once occupied by a vacant, rundown building. 
more than $300,000 raised by the community through the efforts of Historic Brookville, showing a real desire on behalf of the residents to beautify their community. 
great publicprivate partnership, with the final $150,000 in grant funding clearing the way for this project to enter the planning stages. I have been proud to work with the community leaders in Brookville to move this project one step closer to completion. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) is recognized for 60 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of preventing veteran suicide. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize September as Suicide Prevention Month. I want to thank my colleague, KYRSTEN SINEMA , 
for joining me and putting together this Special Order hour. For the next hour, we will discuss an issue that is very important to me and should be unacceptable in a nation of our resources: veteran suicide. 
suicide every 65 minutes. That is 22 lives extinguished every day. 
who worked at a VA hospital in northern Michigan, and the chairman of the Health Subcommittee on Veterans’ Affairs, I know that the challenges of military life do not end once our servicemembers retire from Active Duty. The mental wounds of war may be invisible, but they are no less real to the young men and women suffering from them. 
stigma of posttraumatic stress disorder, and a loss of military fellowship, returning veterans often face a crisis of confidence at the very moment they should feel nothing but relief and rest. 
early this year when we passed the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which is helping the VA put the very best mental healthcare professionals to work for our veterans and creating peer support groups to help catch those transitioning servicemembers who may otherwise fall through the cracks. However, so much more needs to be done. 
standing with me today for our most vulnerable veterans and their families. I look forward to hearing what they 
have to say and to working with them to end veteran suicide. 
I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). 
colleagues to raise awareness of veteran suicide prevention. Let me underscore the word ‘‘prevention’’—prevention because veteran suicide is a public health tragedy. As a doctor, I know it is a preventable tragedy. For far too long, PTSD has been stigmatized, and it is time to remove that stigma. 
who commit suicide are veterans. That statistic is unacceptable to me, and it should be unacceptable to the American people. Our Nation’s heroes should come home to readily available mental health care. They should not have to wait days, weeks, or even months to receive treatment. Veterans should not have to wait at all. 
signed into law earlier this year, was an excellent first step in giving veterans options, but there is more work to be done. 
Committee and a veteran myself, I will continue to fight for a more streamlined system to treat our veterans suffering from PTSD and continue to work to reform the VA system to be a system that puts the veteran first, not the bureaucrat. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you, Congressman B ENISHEK , for joining me today as 
Month, a time for our Nation to raise awareness about the persistent scourge of suicide. Tens of thousands of Americans each year purposefully die by their own actions. They are our neighbors and our friends, our sons and our daughters; and too often, they are the men and women who have served our country honorably in the United States military. 
lives to suicide every single day in our country. That is one life lost every 65 minutes. 
Typically, time in the House Chamber is split. Republicans have 1 hour and Democrats have another hour, but Congressman BENISHEK and I believe 
that this issue is too important to be overshadowed by partisan politics. That is why we have joined together today, with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to show our commitment to solving this problem together and to finding real solutions for our country’s veterans. 
This is the third year we have assembled in this Chamber to raise awareness and to send a clear message that the epidemic of veteran suicide must end. We have so much work left to do. So today, we demonstrate our ongoing support for the individuals, organizations, and agencies devoted to preventing the epidemic of veteran suicide. Today, we challenge the VA, the Department of Defense, and our fellow lawmakers to do more. We are failing in our obligation to do right by those who have served so honorably. 
Finally, we send a message to military families who have experienced this tragedy in their own families: Your family’s loss is not forgotten. We work for the memory of your loved ones. We will not rest until every veteran in this country has access to the care that he or she needs. 
young veteran in my district, Sergeant Daniel Somers. Sergeant Somers was an Army veteran of two tours in Iraq. 
Diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury and suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder, Sergeant Somers took his own life after struggling with the VA bureaucracy and not getting the help he needed in time. 
worked to develop the Classified Veterans Access to Care Act to ensure that all veterans, including those who served with classified experiences, can get immediate access to the mental health care that they need in the appropriate care setting. 
Veterans Affairs Committee on the need for this important legislation, and I am grateful for the committee’s support for this legislation. I am grateful for my cosponsor, Congressman DAN 
committee to ensure that no veteran feels trapped, like Sergeant Somers did, and that all of our veterans have access to appropriate mental health care. 
the VA’s failure to take care of our veterans. It has been over a year since we learned about the veterans at the Phoenix VA Hospital who were kept on secret waiting lists, forced to wait months, even years, before seeing a doctor, unable to access the care they needed. 
sickening. Arizona veterans died while waiting for care. That is absolutely unacceptable and, frankly, it is unAmerican. 
So in Arizona, we took immediate action when we learned from brave whistleblowers about this tragedy. Not waiting for the Phoenix VA to fix their problems, we came together as a community to make sure that Arizona veterans get the access to the care they needed. 
have held six veterans clinic, helping nearly 1,000 veterans and military families get access to the benefits they have earned. Our team helps veterans in getting access to benefits, to housing, to job placement, to education. 
providers, veterans service organizations, and the local VA, to bring them all together to work to improve access to services. Our group meets bimonthly and has made important progress. 
that can come when people set aside partisanship and put veterans first. That is what is needed from all of us in this Chamber and the agencies we work with: to put aside partisanship and solve the problem we face to end the scourge of veteran suicide in this country. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). I 
really appreciate your comments and your concern for this significant problem. 
moment to outline something that I have become aware of in my time here in office. 
While this problem is very monumental, there are many small things that the VA can do right now to make a difference. One of these changes can be made by the VA immediately. 
I would like to read a letter I received recently from an American Legion representative in my district that illustrates the problem better than I could. 
Here is the situation. Recently I encountered a suicidal veteran from the Sault area who had severe PTSD, 100 percent VA disabled. He called me on a Wednesday hysterical and said that he was contemplating suicide. He was traveling around with his wife in the car at the time. I thought this was a very dangerous situation. 
with him, I found out he was not taking any medicines and had not seen his VA psychiatrist in a long time because, as he put it, the psychiatrist was not helping him and it seemed that he didn’t really care. 
American Legion veterans facility, but I told him we needed his psychiatrist’s okay. 
As a veteran myself, I thought I should try 
to help him the best that I could. So I called the VA Suicide Hotline to get answers on how I should handle the situation. 
Here’s the problem. I called the Iron Mountain VA. The call started out saying, if you are having a medical or mental health emergency, please hang up and dial 911. 
If you are having thoughts of hurting yourself and want to talk to a mental health professional, please hang up and dial 1–800–273– 8255. 
you are already frustrated to the point that you would be glad to talk to anyone, even if it is someone at the VA. 
even having a paper and pencil in hand to write the number down? 
If he is unable to get the correct number 
the first time, he must redial the VA, go through the whole spiel again and, hopefully, write the number on a paper the second or third time before he can try dialing. Once dialed, the voice comes on the phone and says, if you are a veteran push 1 and so on. 
When I called the hotline after I pushed 1, 
listened to music for several minutes before a voice came on the phone, she told me that she was not a veteran, nor did she know much about PTSD veterans. What I needed was advice on how to handle the veteran I was working with, which she did give me. How many veterans have committed suicide because of the VA’s red tape? 
and the veteran is contemplating suicide or hurting himself, you should be able to push 1 to get a direct line to the suicide hotline. It should automatically register that the call is coming through the VA system and, yes, it is a veteran calling. 
veteran he referred to the help that he needed, but he raised an incredibly good point that I brought up repeatedly with the VA. 
months to change from an 800 number to simply dial 1. This is unacceptable. I call on the VA again today to make this change immediately. 
Mr. ASHFORD. I thank the gentleman for the time. 
subject many of our veterans and their families understandably find great difficulty in discussing. 
heard, is a major problem in our country. We have all heard the numbers. An estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day. That is one life every hour. 
numbers have names, the names of men and women who put themselves in harm’s way in order to keep each and every one of us safe. 
Hunt Suicide Prevention of American Veterans Act. It addresses the need for 
more mental healthcare experts inside the VA along with expanding the time available to veterans to seek mental health care through the VA. 
The new law also calls for an evaluation of all VA mental health care and suicide prevention practices to determine what is working and make recommendations on what is not. This is a major step in the right direction, but we must continue to do more. 
in Omaha, we are currently working with the Department of Veterans Affairs to create a center of excellence, a national model for veterans’ care that will include topflight mental health care and other services so much needed by our veterans in our community. That treatment would cover posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, anxiety and problems relating to other people. 
who serve this country is a debt that can never be repaid. But we must continue to ensure that we keep our promises to our veterans and support their very unique healthcare issues. 
to my colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan for hosting this Special Order to raise awareness for an issue that impacts constituents in all of our congressional districts. 
Congress, we need to prioritize our veterans. We also need to raise awareness 
about the invisible wounds many of them face. I am speaking about post traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, depression, which can and often does lead to thoughts of suicide. 
sure that the loved ones of these veterans have the support they need so that they may best help those who are suffering from these invisible wounds. 
has taken some very positive steps to help veterans since I have been here and improving suicide prevention programs. 
already here on the floor today, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act, a commonsense bill that is going to increase access to mental health by creating a peer support and community outreach pilot program. 
with mental health care by requiring an annual evaluation of VA mental health and suicide prevention programs. 
politics aside around here, we can get good things done. We should all be proud of that. 
I would like to direct Members’ attention to H.R. 2915, the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act, which has been just passed out of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. It is time to bring this bill to the floor. 
It will direct the VA to identify mental healthcare prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating female veterans as part of the evaluative process required by the Clay Hunt Act, and it would require the VA to accommodate a veteran’s obligation to not properly disclose classified information. 
Mr. Speaker, suicide prevention programs are key to maintaining continual engagement with veterans and communities, as well as to raise awareness and to help intervene, when necessary. 
the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee on Veterans’ Affairs, which I serve on, with many other hardworking Members who are working in a consensusoriented fashion. 
We need to make sure that the Transition Assistance Program is working for our veterans. We need to make sure that, from a veterans’ hiring preference program, that that is working. 
utilizing the best that the private sector has to offer for workforce development training for veterans returning to civilian life. 
We know that there is an unfair stigma associated with those who may need to seek assistance with mental health. 
Part of the value of why we are here 
today is to raise awareness and help reduce that stigma and say that we understand that there are challenges for veterans returning to civilian life and we are here to help. 
to make sure that the programs that we have in place are working. We are going to continue to do that. 
this Special Order here today, and I am honored to participate in it. 
thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) and the gentleman from 
As I am sure we agree, we need to 
continue shining a light on the epidemic of veteran suicide so we can push to improve the resources available to the brave men and women who have served our Nation. 
Illinois called the Quad Cities. For more than two decades, my seat was held by one of the strongest advocates for veterans who has ever worked in these Chambers. I am talking about the late and the great Congressman Lane Evans. 
the Marine Corps who served this body from 1983 all the way to 2007. I was proud to call him my friend. 
As a veteran, he understood the challenges that many of our returning heroes confront after they come home. Congressman Evans was a tireless advocate for expanding resources to our veterans and providing the mental health services that many of them need to make a successful transition back to civilian life. 
war, this generation of veterans faces a new set of challenges. We have an obligation to those who have served our Nation. 
Arizona highlighted earlier in her remarks that an estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every single day. That is nearly one every hour. 
And we all know the statistics driving this epidemic. Military suicides are at their highest rate in 10 years. 
percent of our suicides, despite making up only 10 percent of our population. Thirty percent of veterans have considered suicide. 37 percent of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans have been diagnosed with PTSD. 
who take their lives every day, roughly five actually get care through the VA health system. 
It is easy to get lost in all those statistics. They are numbers. But behind each and every one of those is a real human being, a veteran with a real story that we must tell. We have a duty to help them. 
We all know how hard the Department of Veterans Affairs is working to keep up with this ongoing and persistent challenge, but we have to do 
more. That is why I proudly supported the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which was signed into law earlier this year. Once this legislation is fully implemented, it will take critical steps toward curbing the epidemic of veteran suicide by improving the VA resources and increasing oversight of programs designed to help our veterans get the care that they deserve. 
stemming the ongoing crisis of veteran suicide, but it is not enough. This is why I have called on the Appropriations Committee to increase funding for veteran suicide prevention programs and outreach services. I hope all of you will join me in demanding more action for our veterans. 
today, he would not rest until all of our veterans get the care and the support they have earned for protecting our Nation, and neither should we. 
today to recognize an epidemic that is plaguing our servicemembers and our veterans, and that epidemic is suicide. Each day it is estimated, on average, 22 veterans commit suicide in the United States. That is more than double the rate for the civilian population, and it is an extremely tragic statistic. 
Earlier this year, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act was signed into law to help combat this very serious problem. I applaud this step forward, but our work is far from over. We must continue to ensure that those veterans who are suffering know that they are not alone; they have family, friends, and resources readily available to help them heal and move forward. 
much to this great Nation. It is our duty to walk with them during and after their service. 
highest quality medical care and resources for these brave men and women who were wounded in the course of defending our freedom. 
colleagues to improve timely access to mental healthcare services to ensure our veterans in crisis receive the help that they need. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to my colleague from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ). 
friends Congressman B ENISHEK , Congresswoman S INEMA , and Congresswoman B USTOS for their leadership and 
for hosting this Special Order this evening on an issue that we all care very deeply about: the high rate of suicide among our veteran population. September is Suicide Prevention 
Month, and it is important that we draw attention to this critical issue. The facts are stark. My other colleagues have already mentioned them. A veteran commits suicide every 65 minutes. That means that 22 veterans a day are dying. 
lost already and the families who have suffered so much and are left behind. These veterans were true American heroes who served their country and came home tormented. We can never forget the sacrifices that they have made. 
It is great, on this evening, to see my 
colleagues from both sides of the aisle here to talk about this issue, because it is my sincere hope that we can come together and rededicate ourselves to doing what is right for our veterans and making sure that we are dedicating sufficient resources to veterans’ care. 
gather with the family and friends of those veterans who have committed suicide in Michigan. They have built a cross for each of those lives to try to raise awareness in our community. 
with my mayors, where normally we are talking about infrastructure or roads, twothirds of that meeting was spent talking about veterans and the emotional issues we are dealing with in our communities as we see these veterans struggling. 
force to address these issues. We have started a veterans’ court that has been following the model of other places, trying to raise awareness so that in the community, we see when someone is struggling and are able to put out a helping hand. 
when tormented, needed help; and when he called, he couldn’t get it. 
These brave young men and women have served our country. When they came home from World War II and Korea, we celebrated them. We thanked them for their service. We formed a community around them. 
fighting for us. They are fighting for freedom. They are fighting for world security. We have an obligation to help them when they come home, to help get them the resources that they need. They have memories that haunt them. They have memories that torment them. 
have to take the stigma away from mental illness. We have to recognize that young people need help sometimes, and we have to be there for them. 
organizing this Special Order so that we remind people that those who have served us sometimes need that helping hand. If we can prevent it, we must, any young person from taking their 
10 million Americans have serious mental illness, and millions go without proper treatment or care because our Nation’s mental health system is broken not only for our veterans, but for our nonveterans as well. 
from Pennsylvania, the author of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. This will overhaul our Nation’s mental healthcare system, adding grants for more psychiatrists, authorizing intervention programs, and fixing current nationwide shortages of crisis mental health beds. 
I yield to my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ). 
thank the gentleman for organizing this very important Special Order. 
three servicemembers that I have known in my time in the Navy, in my work at Walter Reed Hospital: 
One is of a soldier who tried to kill 
himself. He put a gun to his head, pulled the trigger. The gun fired, but it didn’t kill him. It left him partially blind and with a significant head injury. He struggles through life. He continues to live, but the things that caused him to do that have not left. 
knew, the son of a friend, who died recently. I went to his funeral and saw him lying there, looking so peaceful. 
by the family to go visit him because he had been in his room for months. He covered the windows with camouflage. Bottles and bottles of medication littered his room, holes were punched in the walls, and he felt abandoned. 
for the soldier who had killed himself; there were some things we could do for the soldier who harmed himself; but there was a lot we could do for the soldier who hid himself. 
When soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and coastguardsmen look down the road to suicide, there are multiple reasons. Very often it is because they have faced those unspeakable horrors of war. Perhaps they have had multiple deployments, strain within the family, the lost social relationships, divorce, job complications, which whittled and chipped away at their strength. Perhaps they lost that sense of belonging that they had with their platoon or their company, that friendship with those who faced battles with them that somehow helped prop them back up. 
traumatic brain injury, of the multiple blasts, explosions, the primary, secondary, or tertiary wounds that they had which affected their brain functioning and leaves them with symptoms oftentimes of psychological disorders. Sometimes that psychological disorder is that path to depression, that feeling of hopelessness, helplessness, and worthlessness that comes with clinical depression, when the person sometimes says: There is no treatment that can help me; I might as well give up. 
Speaker, that there is treatment that can help. There is reason to hope. It is important that veterans seek out a therapist; and if that therapist doesn’t seem like a good mix, seek another one. If that one doesn’t seem like a good mix, seek another one. Keep going until you find the right person. 
their life is worth living. Yes, you are suffering in the moment, but you can’t stop pursuing treatment. Don’t seek the permanent solution to the temporary problem. There is always another way out besides suicide. 
for veterans, as we do with the rest of the community of people who are suffering from mental illness, by we simply don’t have enough professionals out there to help. We have family members who don’t see the signs of isolation and anger and drinking and drug abuse and irritability. But just because there is a healthcare provider out there, the family should not ever feel that they can’t talk to that person. 
The healthcare provider, even without permission of the soldier, can listen; and it is important that family members contact someone even when that soldier says, ‘‘I don’t want to talk to anybody,’’ because, very often, that is the disease speaking, that is the brain illness speaking. That is the part of the illness that says ‘‘I either want to give up’’ or ‘‘I don’t recognize I have a problem.’’ 
need other things taking place here as well. We have to have families who can help that person get out of a crisis. We have to help the family understand they need to remove the means of a suicide—if it is a firearm, if it is weapons, if is drugs. 
But what we need to do and what my 
bill (H.R. 2646), the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, does is it changes the dynamics of what our country is doing, that has abusive policies and antifamily policies which actually prevent people from getting help. 
What we have to do is make sure we 
have more access to treatment. We need more psychiatrists and psychologists—it is as plain as that—by the thousands and tens of thousands. We do not have enough. So even when someone tries to seek help, it is difficult. 
beds for those moments when a person needs a respite, someplace to go away from the crisis of everyday life. We don’t have enough. We had 550,000 psychiatric hospital beds in the 1950s. We have less than 40,000 now. Part of that is because we have Medicaid rules out there and other rules that say, you know, we don’t want hospital beds anymore. 
back to the old asylums, but sometimes a person with that sense of helplessness and worthlessness needs a place to go to recover, to get better. 
said: You are not going to continue some of these drugs. Your drug isn’t on our formulary list. You are not going to take it anymore. 
that, if a Department of Defense doctor prescribes a person medication and it is working, the VA should automatically, without question, carry that medication and provide ease of access for it. One of the reasons we even have the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans bill is because he couldn’t get the medication that worked. 
enemy, and he is us, as one character famously said. 
tells us we have a disorganized system, 112 Federal agencies—112—that are supposed to deal with mental illness. The GAO tells us they don’t keep track of data. There is not accountability. They don’t meet. Many of these agencies haven’t even gotten together since 2009 to coordinate services. Twenty homeless programs, programs scattered throughout the Federal Government— we make it the most difficult for those who have the most difficulty. 
reauthorize programs that work. But make no mistake, it is not enough. Anyone who thinks that Congress has been adequately addressing the needs of the mentally ill, the seriously mentally ill veterans, is naive. We are disillusioning ourselves into thinking that, because we did something, we did the right thing. 
lack of comprehensive action and its snail pace in dealing with this shares the blame. We are not passive in this. We are active and codependent in this crisis that is inflicted upon Americans. 
hear another tragic story of someone who has perhaps killed many people in the community and then killed themselves or they did suicide by cop, we have a moment of silence—and so we should—as we grieve over the loss of innocent life. But that moment of silence should not be accompanied with silent behavior. What we need are moments of action, and strong action at that. 
Not only do we have the soldier suicides, we had 41,000 suicides in this country in this last year; 43,000 drug overdose deaths; homicides by those with serious mental illness; people with mental illness who are the victims of crime and homicide. 
of the homeless and the seriously mentally ill who, themselves, have come to so many other chronic illnesses that— do you know what? They are not even a statistic. We don’t count them. 
want to do something, here is an action plan: become cosponsors of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. Don’t sit idly by. Don’t say, ‘‘Some other Member can do this; let it be someone else’s problem.’’ It is not. It is ours. 
act instead of grieve, to turn a blind eye and to hope that someone else takes care of it, or, worse yet, to be caught up in the politics, the partisan politics and the games that plague this Chamber that says: ‘‘I am not going to let this party have a win or this party have a win’’? In the meantime, people are dying, and we sit idly by. 
our Nation, on our veterans. It is a plague on, as was said in Samuel 16, the last, the least, and the lonely. We must change this system that makes it difficult for those who have the most difficulty. We must remove abusive Federal policies that say that you can’t see two doctors in the same day; you can’t have more than 16 hospital beds; that say it is okay to have Federal programs and grants going out there for absurd concepts like making collages, making masks; telling people to get off their medication; a Web site to help people in Boston, when it is cold, deal with the anxiety of snow; a $425,000 Web site for 3yearolds with singalong songs; and a $22,000 painting which sits in the Office of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to give them awareness. The only thing I am aware of, Mr. Speaker, is that it is a waste of money—a waste of taxpayers’ money— and a waste of lives. 
and admits it, and if our leadership says that we can run lots of bills—and we can run lots of bills real quick—and we can suspend the bills and bring bills to the floor in a moment’s notice, I have had this bill sitting around 3 years. We revise it and revise it again. We have the support of multiple organizations across the country, whether they represent parents or consumers or professionals, and another day goes by; and every few seconds another person commits suicide or has a drug overdose death, and we go home at night and sleep snugly in our beds. 
It doesn’t have to be this way if we 
have more providers and if we have a Federal Government in Congress that says that we must be guided by wisdom, compassion, and faith, that says we will not wait anymore and that we will take the collective voice of every Member of Congress to do that. 
A few hours ago, we had the Holy Father, Pope Francis, speak in this very Chamber. His words still echo in this community. But he called us to do things together, to be motivated by love, to be engaged in a dialogue and conversation, and that is a conversation we must be having about mental illness as well, to say that we can no longer put this off. I hope Members, if they really are 
concerned about veteran suicide—as I believe we are—if they are really concerned about the problems of serious mental illness—as I know we are—if Members are tired of moments of silence in those times when we come together for a few minutes of compassion, we recognize that is not enough— and I know we are—then I hope every Member, every Democrat and Republican, talks to their leadership, talks to their committee members, talks to each other and says, ‘‘Move this bill. Make something happen.’’ 
close with this. The story I told you has a good ending. 
with the windows covered with camouflage, with medications scattered throughout the house, and with holes punched in the wall because of his anger, we did get him help. He got stabilized. He took those barriers off the windows. He let the bright light of the world shine in again, and he engaged with people again. He has hope again. 
people stepped forward and helped him. The people at hospitals and military hospitals can do that. Let’s make sure that the others like him whom we have not discovered yet, who are still hiding in their rooms, we get to them before their lives are taken. This is what we should be doing as a nation. Failing to do this means we are culpable as this tragedy continues. 
thank my colleague for his passion on this issue. 
I would now like to yield to my colleague from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank Congresswoman SINEMA and 
Congressman B ENISHEK for their leadership on this issue, which is also of prime interest to me, this epidemic of suicide in our veteran community. 
largest population of veterans in the country, more than 235,000. One of the most important jobs we have here in Congress is to honor their service by keeping our promises to them. 
Month, a time to focus on ending the scourge of veteran suicide that has hurt families and communities across the country. Combating suicide takes the full spectrum of services, including deployment, education, drug and alcohol abuse treatment, and ending the stigma around mental health. 
the nonprofit sector has really stepped up. We have been at the forefront of finding innovative ways to approach veteran suicide by providing services and developing cohesion in the local veteran community that came together after the Vietnam war to increase collaboration among government, private groups, and community partners. 
San Diego is the home of, in my district, 0800, which is an organization doing innovative work to assist easing 
the transition between Active Duty and civilian life. It is a community based nonprofit that takes the existing service structure, works with the servicemembers before they leave the military to get them set, and provides the case management after they return to the civilian world to ensure that the benefits and services that veterans have earned are provided to them. 
Men Foundation, founded by combat veteran Nathan Fletcher, utilizes community engagement and workout trainings to help veterans who were in combat and have struggled to reintegrate after coming home. 
Phillips that The New York Times highlighted this weekend about how many veterans are turning to each other to survive. To quote that article: ‘‘Feeling abandoned, members of the battalion have turned to a survival strategy they learned at war: depending on one another.’’ 
statistics of veteran suicides in the country, but thus far, the response has failed to properly address the dire situation, and we have a responsibility here in Congress to do much more than we have. The statistics don’t tell the heartwrenching stories that so many of us have heard from parents, spouses, and the loved ones of the veteran who has taken his or her own life. 
honored to work with, is Dr. Howard and Jean Somers, who, after losing their son, Daniel, to suicide, have become tireless advocates to fix and reform the broken healthcare system at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
the VA can make a difference. The Clay Hunt Act showed us that and garnered a new generation of mental health and suicide prevention services at the VA, and the Veterans Choice Act will bring accountability to a system wrought with oversight and leadership challenges, allowing for faster service closer to the veteran in need. 
more than just increased funding. It requires real changes to get veterans care in new and flexible ways. We need to allow the VA to better use innovative technologies, like wireless medicine, that allow veterans access to care from the comfort of their homes, which can save lives and decrease costs to taxpayers. 
mental health, particularly posttraumatic stress. The serviceconnected injury needs to be treated with the same gravity and respect as the physical injury that so many of our valiant warfighters have battled. 
your consistent advocacy on reforming the VA and on ending the tragedy of veteran suicide. We have much more 
work to do, and I appreciate the opportunity to be here today to work with you on it. 
Mr. BENISHEK. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y OHO). 
to take a moment to thank my colleagues, Representatives SINEMA and 
arranging such a Special Order on such an important topic and for the invitation to speak this afternoon on suicide prevention awareness. 
Awareness Month. It is so important that we have an open and honest dialogue about the issue of suicide. The more we talk about it, we increase people’s awareness, and they are there to help the people in need. 
not have to suffer in silence. From comedian Robin Williams, to bullied young kids, to the brave men and women from our Nation’s military returning from the battlefield, suicide does not discriminate. Emotional pain and despair can set in and take root in the minds and bodies of all ages across all demographics. Often, the signs of suicide go undetected, which leave those left behind asking: Why did this happen, and what could I have done to prevent this tragedy? 
our Nation’s veterans are falling victim to suicide. After all they have given to this country, it is tragic and unacceptable that our Nation’s veterans often suffer in silence until it is too late for those around them to help. 
and all suicides, we as a nation can start to understand the urgency with which we need to solve and prevent this epidemic that our veterans, their families, and their friends struggle with. Not recognizing the signs early enough all too often leads to a loss of life. This is an important thing that we as a nation need to come together and have a strong support system in place so that those in need will reach out and not be stigmatized. 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank, particularly, Representatives SINEMA and B ENISHEK for 
northeastern part of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is home to nearly 1 million veterans. These are brave men and women who serve this Nation, a Nation that has, regrettably, not always served them. 
mental illness. A study, as you all know, has been released that found 
that 22 veterans commit suicide every day. This is unacceptable. 
veterans’ issues, I was proud to introduce legislation in the last Congress that would fasttrack the hiring of psychiatrists who have completed a residency at a VA facility, and I was gratified that the President has incorporated many of those ideas in his policy. 
reintroduce the Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act, an important piece of legislation that aims to provide for our brave servicemen and women when they return from combat with both easily visible and difficult todetect wounds. While the physical wounds are evident immediately, the mental health ones may take longer to manifest themselves. 
percent of Operation Iraqi and Enduring Freedom veterans face the possible diagnosis of a mental health disorder. But after 5 postservice years, if a condition is not diagnosed, veterans would go to the back of the line. They have missed their statute of limitations in 5 years and then experience an average wait time to receive benefits of more than 1 year. This could mean the difference between life and death. 
Unfortunately, mental health disorders are harder to diagnose, may take much longer to manifest, and many veterans might delay seeking treatment. We are putting it on them to selfdiagnose and report within that 5year span. 
disorders to the same timeline as a broken leg. The Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act would ensure that no veteran would be denied mental health treatment no matter when combatrelated mental health disorders first appear. 
I believe we owe a great debt to those 
warfighters who serve our country through military service, including those who stood ready at a moment’s notice to fight for our freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, as long as I am a Member of Congress, I will be working to increase knowledge on this subject, to correct the shortcomings of the VA system, and to ensure that the men and women of our Armed Forces who bravely serve this country receive all the benefits to which they are entitled. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W ALORSKI ), 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from Michigan and the distinguished gentlewoman from Arizona for yielding. 
Month, I rise today to increase awareness about some of our bravest and most at risk: our veterans. Many of our 
Nation’s troops, both past and present, face struggles many of us can never imagine. Every day 22 veterans take their own lives. 
in my own district. In 2013, a constituent in my district, a former marine who served in Vietnam, began experiencing severe pain over his entire body. After visiting four VA clinics and facilities, doctors could not diagnose his condition and instead prescribed morphine for ongoing and oftentimes excruciating pain. 
To help manage his undiagnosed condition, doctors recommended he enter a nursing home. Unfortunately, he discovered he did not meet the eligibility requirements. Later that day, his wife was told that she had 1 hour to pick him up or they, the VA, would send him home in a cab without clothes since he did not have any at the hospital to wear. Two days later, just a week before Christmas, the pain proved too great for him to bear and he took his own life. 
His story details the urgency our Nation’s heroes deserve. Instead of ending in heartbreak, veterans and their families need to know their lives count, which is why we must improve veterans’ access to physical and mental health care. Together, we can change this system to prevent tragedies like this from ever happening again. 
much, Mrs. WALORSKI . I really appreciate your comments. 
good point when he was speaking. We just recently in this House passed the 21st Century Cures Act, H.R. 6. 
That has been endorsed by a wide variety of professional and medical organizations, such as the American Association for Cancer Research and The Cure Alliance. We passed this bill by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 344– 77. 
going to change the way we do research at the NIH, that is going to change health care for all Americans. There is no reason that we shouldn’t be able to pass a mental health care bill similar to that with a wide bipartisan effort. 
bipartisan group of Members of Congress to make mental health care an issue on which to move forward, and it has really been a great way to get this started. 
like to add a few more thoughts in that regard. 
the next Special Order so as to allow more of our colleagues to speak, and I am really looking forward to that time. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) for 30 minutes. 
happy to open the Special Order this evening with my colleague and friend, Congressman DANBENISHEK of Michigan. 
joining us here this evening to continue the discussion we have been enjoying for the last hour of talking about the scourge of veteran suicides and how to stop this scourge. 
We know that there are brave whistleblowers around this country who have told us and the Nation about the problems at the VA. 
we may not have learned about the tragedies at my VA, the Phoenix VA, and we could have lost even more lives than we have lost already. 
In order for the VA to change, it has 
to put its veterans first and change the culture. We believe that VA employees must continue to speak up and speak out. 
veteran, has seen firsthand the important role the VA can play in helping veterans. A decade ago he received help from a dedicated VA counselor, who helped him overcome substance abuse issues and get his life back on track. 
Brandon began working as an addiction counselor with the Phoenix VA in 2009. 
In January of this year, Brandon approached his supervisor after, over the course of a single week, five suicidal veterans walked out of the Phoenix VA hospital without getting the help they needed from the emergency room. 
After coming forward with his concerns about how the VA handled suicidal patients, Brandon was placed on administrative leave for adverse behavior and his program was shut down. 
risk of losing his or her job for speaking out. That is why we introduced the VA Accountability Act, a bipartisan bill to hold poorperforming employees accountable and to increase protections for whistleblowers. 
veterans and their families get the answers they deserve. The VA must respond to this challenge with a culture of accountability that protects veterans, not its own bureaucracy. 
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee earlier this week on improving accountability within the VA. He is committed to fixing the VA to ensure that all veterans get the same help that he got. 
to turn the podium over to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ). 
our Nation faces when we imagine the sacrifice that our veterans make only 
to see them become casualties in a battle with the mind. 
Those of us who have borne the burden of battle carry the weight of that burden the rest of our lives. As a warrior, I have seen the worst things that human beings can do to one another. I have had to take human life. I have had to watch fellow warriors lose theirs. I have caressed wounded brothers as they have been bleeding. 
these things, and, as warriors, we attempt to process it all when we come home. When we do come home, others attempt to interact with us not quite knowing how that interaction should play out or how to treat the Americans we really are. 
So, as we address this issue of veteran suicide and as we stand here to speak in support of the many good measures that we have heard today, Mr. Speaker, I would also like to provide a couple of things worth noting with which we could reach out to the community at large, to our States, to all of America. 
returning battle veterans, purpose matters. We don’t want to come home as victims. We don’t want to be put in some special class. 
battle, and we have fought our Nation’s wars, but purpose matters as we come home. 
because of fear of capacity or fear of being able to interact with other Americans in employment or in whatever it is that we put our hand to, then we will miss a great opportunity early on to engage returning veterans in things that will help them heal. 
Secondly, we should treat our returning veterans as the Americans they really are. We somehow unintendedly imagine them as damaged goods, or maybe they have had something happen to them that does not make them quite like we are. That is a mistake. 
of battle and how they shape our lives, we must remember this, that post traumatic stress is treatable. As we deal with those who have faced battle as they struggle through this, it is important to note that the returning warrior has not lost his mind or her mind. It is treatable. 
when you think about, in my home State, maybe surviving a tornado or maybe, across America, being in a horrific car accident or losing a loved one in some capacity. 
yet no one in that scenario would say, ‘‘Well, they have been through quite a lot, so I am not sure that they can engage with the public anymore and be employed’’ or, ‘‘I am not sure they will be able to handle the daily stresses.’’ 
Instead, we look at them, and we realize that these are lifealtering experiences, whether it be through a car accident or a tornado, and we say, ‘‘Wow, 
that is terrible, but they have really bounced back, and they have done a good job of recovering.’’ We need to look at it in the same capacity. 
I am no physician, but I am a warrior 
who has come home. For the warrior, as he or she does come home, Mr. Speaker, we must urge all of our warriors, especially as they face insurmountable pressure about ‘‘Does life have a purpose?’’ to not live in isolation, and we must understand that the adrenalin of survival at our peak in battle, which is all around us—every sense alive to protect us as we survive—physiologically doesn’t instantly change when we come home. 
we crave them. That is why your returning veteran may ride his motorcycle at 120 miles an hour or pursue a dangerous activity. As the warrior processes it, he must understand as well that it takes time to abate that and to adjust. 
I also want to point out, Mr. Speaker, that our returning veterans should band together with their fellow warriors. Above all, don’t quit. Only we can take ourselves out of that fight. 
To all of us, I think it is best to recall what Solomon tells us in Ecclesiastes in that two are better than one because they have good reward for their labor, for, if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow; but woe to him that is alone when he falls, for he does not have another to help him up. 
have heat. But how can one be warm alone? And if one prevails against him, two shall withstand him, and a threefold cord is not quickly broken. 
bind up the wounds, we must also realize it is not the government’s sole responsibility. As an American community, we need to bind together as those wounds are bound up to heal. 
Representative B ENISHEK for their leadership on this issue today and for organizing this time together. 
raise awareness for veteran suicide prevention. Unfortunately, this much needed awareness comes too late for one of my Colorado Springs families. 
I would like to tell you the story of 
Noah, a former marine, who served with honor in Iraq in 2009 and in Afghanistan in 2011. I will not use his last name, but his parents have offered the use of his picture. 
family, his dad having honorably served for 23 years. He chose to put off college so that he could serve this great Nation. 
Unfortunately, his parents are appalled by the care their son did not receive from the VA. They believe their son would still be alive had he received better care. Noah was diagnosed with posttraumatic stress disorder and received a 50 percent disability rating due to PTSD. 
On April 2 of this year, he went to 
the Colorado Springs VA clinic, where medical notes from his visit state that he had had suicidal thoughts. 
drug and was sent on his way. He was not referred for suicide prevention; he was not offered counseling; and there was no followup from the VA. 
found dead from an apparent suicide on May 12 of this year. As you can imagine, his family is devastated. They are asking a lot of serious questions. 
their questions on their behalf during a June 10 hearing by the Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight & Investigations. 
officials stated that they would personally look into the case and ‘‘make sure this family had been reached out to directly.’’ 
no contact had been made, and my office had to once again engage the VA on behalf of this grieving family. 
should have been seen within 2 weeks of his medical appointment and that they are modifying their procedures to, hopefully, make sure this doesn’t happen in the future. 
It should not take the death of a marine to get procedures right in regards to suicide prevention. We owe it to our veterans to get it right the first time. 
added awareness of veteran suicide will help prevent another tragedy like Noah’s. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you, Congressman LAMBORN , for your contribution 
evening, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ), my friend, 
who has been gracious to cohost our Special Orders this evening. 
who took the time to come down and talk about this serious issue that faces our country. 
Mr. LAMBORN discusses a case of suicide that he is very familiar with in his district. That story moves each and every one of us, and it is emblematic of the 22 suicides that occur every day amongst our veterans. There are stories as moving as this 
one and as tragic as this one as Mr. LAMBORN brings up the fact that this 
patient was seen at the VA and was not helped at the VA. 
We need to make sure that the Veterans Administration and this administration puts our veterans not on the back burner as something that is ongoing, but make this a crisis. This is an emergency. 
with reassurances from bureaucrats that it is all going to be better or ‘‘We are changing our policies.’’ They have been changing their policies for a long time and nothing has happened. This needs to be an emergency response. 
veterans and those serving our country, there are some things that we can do. We can work to recognize the symptoms that could indicate serious problems and identify where and how to get assistance when we may need it. 
whether to take your own life, know that there is no shame in asking for help. You are not broken, and God has not forgotten you. 
for us, and we have failed to provide you adequate support when you have returned home. That is changing. I beg you to reach out to your local VA, your veterans center, your veterans service organization, or your Congressman to ask for help. 
I mean, I had two calls today on my 
cell phone, which I give my number out freely, from veterans that did not get appropriate help at the VA, and I refer them to my staff to get the ball rolling, get moving. 
tide on veterans’ suicide. Everyone, though, can help fight this epidemic and be there for those that were there for us. 
I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C OFFMAN ). 
today to voice my unrelenting support for our Nation’s veterans who are suffering, often silently, with depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, and profound emotional pain. It is absolutely vital that we, as a Nation, address the crisis of veteran suicide. 
can tell you firsthand that returning home to civilian life can be a difficult transition. Many troops used to the constant daily support of their comrades come home feeling isolated and alone. Many find themselves needing help that too often isn’t there. 
like the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, a group that saw intense 
combat in Afghanistan and has continued to suffer casualties to suicide years after they have returned. 2nd Battalion, 7th Marines, has seen a suicide rate 14 times higher than that of all other Americans. 
and women in uniform return to the civilian world and need to reach out for help, somebody reaches back. 
the mental health care they need, when they need it, not after waiting weeks or months for an appointment. 
need medication get it and veterans who don’t need medication aren’t unnecessarily prescribed drugs with volatile side effects. 
We need to ensure that, when a veteran calls the VA’s Veterans Crisis Line, somebody is available on the other end to listen. 
that begins and ends with the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs. Veterans are in all of our communities, our schools, our places of worship, and our social clubs. All Americans should be willing to lend a hand when a veteran may be suffering silently. 
VA Secretary McDonald earlier this year, and I know it is a statement in which my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would uniformly agree: ‘‘Losing just one veteran to suicide is one veteran too many.’’ 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker and Members, before I close with the closing 
statements, I want to take a moment and honor and thank Congressman BENISHEK not just for the work he has 
done tonight or the work he has done on the Veterans Committee, but for the great work he has done in Congress for the last three terms. 
will miss you. But we have one more chance to do this Special Order again next year, and I look forward to that time. So thank you for your help and for your service. 
been a partner to me in the work that we have been doing to help and support veterans, he has been a leader in the Veterans Committee and in his conference and in this House of Representatives. 
will continue to be a shining light for veterans around this country. Thank you, Congressman. 
I want to close with a story about a 
veteran in my district. We recently received a call from David, a constituent of mine who is an Army veteran and a survivor of two suicide attempts. 
with feelings that my parents and siblings would be better off without me because of who I had become as a person. I felt savage and inhuman. No matter what good I did, I couldn’t face going back to a normal existence. I had never felt more alone in my life. 
from organizations like the Wounded Warrior Project and mental and physical rehabilitation programs, David gained a new mission in life. He is helping his fellow veterans navigate a daunting system and reintegrate back into civilian life. 
understand that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. 
led David to Rally Point, a Phoenix nonprofit veteran service organization working to assist veterans in crisis. 
David who understand the unique needs of fellow veterans, servicemembers, and their families. These are the kinds of solutions we need to ensure that no veteran ever feels like he or she has nowhere to turn. 
We have made some progress. In February of this year, the President signed the Clay Hunt SAV Act into law, an important step toward improving mental health services for veterans and their families. 
annual thirdparty evaluations of the VA’s mental healthcare and suicide prevention programs to determine which programs are successful and to recommend improvements. 
It also requires collaboration on suicide prevention efforts between the VA and nonprofit mental health organizations, and it establishes a pilot program using peer support and community outreach to assist veterans transitions from Active Duty. 
Thank you again to all of our colleagues who joined us this evening. Our thoughts are with all the families who have lost a loved one to suicide. Each of us can do something to raise awareness, to be that light for a struggling veteran in our community. 
veterans know that help is always available. Mental health professionals can volunteer with organizations like Give an Hour to provide free counseling to veterans and their families. We can all learn to recognize the signs of crisis by visiting veteranscrisisline.net and reaching out to the vets in our life. 
need a VA that provides real and meaningful help to veterans in need that puts veterans first and works aggressively with community providers to improve the quality and accessibility of care. 
open to restore the trust and credibility it has lost. We, who enjoy freedom every day thanks to the sacrifices of our military servicemembers, must all step up to end the epidemic of veteran suicide. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. J ONES (at the request of Mr. 
The Speaker of the House, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
legislation referred to the Committee by the Speaker. No action will be required of a Subcommittee before legislation is considered for report by the Committee. Subcommittee chairs, pursuant to the rules set out herein, may hold hearings on any bill referred to the Committee. 
At least 3 days notice of such an additional 
meeting shall be given unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to call the meeting on less notice or upon a vote by a majority of the Committee (a quorum being present). To the extent possible, the three days shall be counted from the 72 hours before the time of the meeting. Announcements of the meeting shall be published promptly in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
the Committee, to the extent practicable, at least 48 hours in advance of a meeting, a copy of the bill, resolution, report or other 
item to be considered at the meeting, but no later than 24 hours before the meeting. Such material also shall be made available to the public at least 24 hours in advance in electronic form. 
provided on any question before the Committee upon the request of any Member of the Committee. A record of the vote of each Member of the Committee on a matter before the Committee shall be available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote, and, with respect to any roll call vote on any motion to amend or report, shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those Members voting for and against. 
later than 24 hours after consideration of a bill, resolution, report or other item cause the text of the reported item and any amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by the Committee shall be made no later than 7 calendar days before the commencement of the hearing. To the extent possible, the seven days shall be counted from 168 hours before the time of the Committee’s hearing. 
Ranking Minority Member, or upon a vote by the majority of the Committee (a quorum being present), may authorize a hearing to commence on less than 7 calendar days notice. 
Unless the Chair determines it is impracticable to do so, the Committee shall make a tentative witness list available at the time it makes the public announcement of the hearing. If a tentative witness list is not made available at the time of the announcement of the hearing, such witness list shall be made available as soon as practicable after such announcement is made. A final witness list shall be issued by the Committee no later than 48 hours prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
the Committee, as soon as practicable after the announcement of the hearing, a memorandum explaining the subject matter of the hearing and any official reports from departments and agencies on the subject matter of the hearing. Such material shall be made available to all Members of the Committee no later than 48 hours before the commencement of the hearing unless the Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determines that certain reports from departments or agencies should not be made available prior to the commencement 
of the hearing. Material provided by the Chair to all Members, whether provided prior to or at the hearing, shall be placed on the Committee website no later than 48 hours after the commencement of the hearing unless such material contains sensitive or classified information in which case such material shall be handled pursuant to Rule 15 of the Committee’s Rules. 
Each meeting of the Committee or its Subcommittees for the transaction of business, 
open to the public, including to radio, television, and still photography coverage, except as provided by House Rule XI, cl. 4. If the majority of Members of the Committee or Subcommittee present at the meeting, determine by a recorded vote in open session that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed to the public because the disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House; provided however , that no person other 
than Members of the Committee, and such congressional staff and such executive branch representatives they may authorize, shall be present in any meeting which has been closed to the public. 
for the purpose of any meeting conducted by a Subcommittee. 
or its Subcommittees shall be open to the public, including radio, television and still photography coverage. If the majority of Members of the Committee or Subcommittee present at the hearing, determine by a recorded vote in open session, that all or part of the remainder of the hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because the disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House; provided however, that the Committee or Subcommittee 
for any hearing conducted by a Subcommittee. Members of the Committee who wish to participate in a hearing of the Subcommittee to which they are not Members shall make such request to the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee at the commencement of the hearing. The Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee, shall grant such request. 
from nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or any Subcommittee, unless the House of Representatives shall by majority vote authorize the Committee or Subcommittees, for purposes of a particular subject of investigation, to close its hearing to Members by the same procedures designated to close hearings to the public. 
of the Committee but would like to participate in a hearing shall notify the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member and submit a formal request no later than 24 hours before the commencement of the meeting or hearing. 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the 
transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner easily accessible to the public. 
Committee or Subcommittee shall file an electronic copy of the testimony with the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member no later than 48 hours before the commencement of the hearing. In addition, the witness shall provide 25 copies of the testimony by the commencement of the hearing. The Chair may waive the requirement by the witness providing 25 copies in which case the Committee or Subcommittee shall provide the 25 copies. 
Each nongovernmental witness shall provide to the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member, no later than 48 hours before the commencement of the hearing, a curriculum vitae or other statement describing their education, employment, professional affiliation or other background information pertinent to their testimony. 
of the House, each nongovernmental witness before the commencement of the hearing shall file with the Chair a disclosure form detailing any contracts or grants that the witness has with the federal government. Such information shall be posted on the Committee website within 24 hours after the witness appeared at the hearing. 
forth by the deadlines set forth in these rules may be grounds for excluding both the oral and written testimony of the witness unless waived by the Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
to printed materials, including the testimony of witnesses in electronic form on the Committee’s website no later than 24 hours after the hearing is adjourned. Supplemental material provided after the hearing adjourns, shall be placed on the Committee website no later than 24 hours after receipt of such material. 
paragraph shall not apply if the Committee holds a hearing to honor the work of the small business community in conjunction with the annual celebration of Small Business Week. Witness limitations for such a hearing shall be determined by the Chair in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
The Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee shall commence questioning followed by the Ranking Minority Member. Thereafter, questioning shall alternate between the majority and minority Members in order of their arrival at the hearing after the gavel has been struck to commence the hearing with the first arriving having priority over Members of his or her party. If Members arrive simultaneously or are there prior to the gavel being struck to commence the hearing, order of questioning shall be based on seniority. 
In recognizing Members to question witnesses, the Chair may take into consideration the ratio of majority and minority Members present in such a manner as to not disadvantage the Members of either party. 
by the Committee in the conduct of any investigation or series of investigations or activities to require the attendance and testimony of such witness and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers and document, as deemed necessary. Such subpoena shall be authorized by a majority of the full Committee. The requirement that the authorization of a subpoena require a majority vote may be waived by the Ranking Member of the Committee. The Chair may issue a subpoena, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, when the House is out for session for more than three legislative days. 
measure or recommendation, shall be a majority of the Committee Members. For purposes of taking testimony or receiving evidence, a quorum shall be one Member from the Majority and one Member from the Minority. The Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee shall exercise reasonable comity by waiting for the Ranking Minority Member even if a quorum is present before striking the gavel to commence the hearing. For hearings held by the Committee or a Subcommittee in a location other than the Committee’s hearing room in Washington, DC, a quorum shall be deemed to present if the Chair of the Committee or Subcommittee is present. 
legislation before the Committee must be made available in written form by any Member of the Committee. If such amendment is not available in written form when requested, the Chair shall allow an appropriate period for the provision thereof and may adjourn the markup to provide sufficient time for the provision of such written amendment. Such period or adjournment shall not prejudice the offering of such amendment. 
markup, there is no requirement that the amendments be filed prior to commencement of the markup or prepared with the assistance of the Office of Legislative Counsel. Even though it is not necessary, Members seeking to amend legislation during markup should draft amendments with the assistance of the Office of Legislative Counsel and consult with the Chair or Ranking Member’s staff (as appropriate) in the preparation of such amendments. 
The Chair in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member may postpone further 
the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume postponed proceedings, but no later than 24 hours after such postponement, unless the House is not in session or there are conflicts with Member schedules that make it unlikely a quorum will be present to conduct business on the postponed proceeding. In such cases, the Chair will consult with Members to set a time as early as possible to resume proceedings but in no event later than the next meeting date as set forth in Rule 3 of these Rules. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
Oversight of agricultural policies. Oversight of environmental issues and regulations (including agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers). 
Oversight of energy issues, including expansion of domestic resources whether they are renewable or nonrenewable. 
with particular emphasis on agencies that provide direct assistance to small businesses, such as: the Small Business Administration’s (SBA) Office of International Trade, the Department of Commerce’s United States Export Assistance Centers, the Department of Agriculture’s Foreign Agricultural Service, and the ExportImport Bank. 
Oversight of the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Oversight of general technology issues, including intellectual property policy in the United States. 
Oversight of United States telecommunications policies including, but not limited to, the National Broadband Plan and allocation of electromagnetic spectrum 
Subcommittee will review federal programs, especially those overseen by the SBA, aimed at assisting entrepreneurs in obtaining needed capital. Since the tax policy plays an integral role in access to capital, this Committee also will examine the impact of federal tax policies on small businesses. 
SBA financial assistance programs, including guaranteed loans, microloans, certified development company loans, and small business investment companies. 
Oversight of the Department of Agriculture business and industry guaranteed loan program. 
Oversight of the management of the SBA. Oversight of the SBA Inspector General. Implementation of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. 
Regulatory Affairs at the Office of Management and Budget. 
Use of the Congressional Review Act. Transparency of the federal rulemaking 
process as required by the Administrative Procedure and Data Quality Acts. 
Oversight of governmentwide procurement practices and programs affecting small businesses. 
that inhibit or expand participation by small businesses in the federal contracting marketplace. 
contractors and perspective contractors through SBA personnel, Offices of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization, and Procurement Technical Assistance Centers. 
The SBA Surety Bond guarantee program. Oversight of all federal policies that affect 
the workforce including, but not limited to, the roles of the Department of Labor and the 
technical assistance programs unrelated to participation in the federal government contracting. 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Conunittee on any matters referred to it. Prior to the scheduling of any meeting or hearing of a Subcommittee, the Chair of the Subcommittee shall obtain the approval of the Chair of the Committee. 
shall take place at the same time as the meeting or hearing of the full Committee or another Subcommittee, provided however , 
that the Subcommittee Chairs may hold field hearings that conflict with those held by other Subcommittees of the Committee. 
those assigned to the Minority as provided below, shall be appointed and assigned, and may be removed by the Chair of the Committee. The Chair shall fix their remuneration and they shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chair. 
to the Minority shall be appointed and assigned, and their remuneration determined, as the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall decide. 
Subcommittees. The Chair and Ranking Member shall endeavor to ensure that sufficient committee staff is made available in order that each Subcommittee may carry out the responsibilities set forth in Rule 11, supra . 
record of all actions, which shall include a record of the votes on any question on which a recorded vote is demanded. The result of any vote by the Committee, or if applicable by a Subcommittee, including a voice vote shall be posted on the Committee’s website within 24 hours after the vote has been taken. Such record shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of the Member voting for and against such amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the names of Members present but not voting. For any amendment, motion, order, or other proposition decided by voice vote, the record shall include a description and whether the voice vote was in favor or against. 
record of all Committee and Subcommittee activity which, in the case of a meeting or hearing transcript shall include a substantially verbatim account of the remarks actually made during the proceedings subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks. 
The Committee Rules shall be made publicly available in electronic form and published in the Congressional Record not later 
than 30 days after the Chair of the Committee is elected in each oddnumbered year. 
Access to classified or sensitive information supplied to the Committee or Subcommittees and attendance at closed sessions of the Committee or a Subcommittee shall be limited to Members and necessary Committee staff and stenographic reporters who have appropriate security clearance when the Chair determines that such access or attendance is essential to the functioning of the Committee or one of its Subcommittees. 
access to those hearings, records, data, charts, and files of the Committee which involve classified information or information deemed to be sensitive shall be as follows: 
that are in possession of the Committee shall notify the Clerk of the Committee in writing. 
material which the Committee or Subcommittee deems to be sensitive enough to require special handling, before receiving access to such information, individuals will be required to sign an access information sheet acknowledging such access and that the individual has read and understands the procedures under which access is being granted. 
rule shall not be removed from a specified room within the Committee offices. 
this rule shall make certain that the materials are returned to the proper custodian. 
not be divulged to any person in any way, form, shape, or manner and shall not be discussed with any person who has not received the information in the manner authorized by the rules of the Committee. 
described herein, such information will be kept in secure safes or locked file cabinets within the Committee offices. 
information the Committee or Subcommittee deems to be sensitive enough to require special treatment. 
Committee are to be handled in the accordance with normal practices and traditions of the Committee. 
such other procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the foregoing rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the Committee. 
The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended or repealed by a majority vote of the Members, at a meeting specifically called for such purpose, but only if written notice of the proposed change or changes has been provided to each Member of the Committee at least 72 hours prior to the time of the meeting of the Committee to consider such change or changes. 
From the amount provided to the Committee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives in the 113th Congress, the Chair, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall designate onethird of the budget under the direction of the Ranking Minority Member for the purposes of minority staff, travel expenses of minority staff and Members, and minority office expenses. 
The Chair may authorize travel in connection with activities or subject matters under the legislative or oversight jurisdiction of the Committee as set forth in Rule X of the Rules of the House. 
The Chair shall maintain an official Committee website for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the Minority to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
Chair shall designate a Member of the Majority to serve as Vice Chair of the Committee. The Vice Chair shall preside at any meeting or hearing during the temporary absence of the Chair. The Chair also reserves the right to designate a Member of the Committee Majority to serve as the Chair at a hearing or meeting. 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and to the Committee on Armed Services for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 1632. An act to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; in addition, to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, September 25, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2925. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Southeastern States; Suspension of Marketing Order Provisions [Doc. No.: AMSFV140011; 
2926. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1613. A bill to reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–266). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Mr. P OCAN ): 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3595. A bill to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3596. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
H.R. 3597. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow States to determine if providers are qualified under Medicaid State plans to perform services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partnership between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fusion Centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3600. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to limit the instances in which official time may be granted to employees of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3601. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. D EGETTE ): 
to injured persons relating to the Gold King Mine spill, to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to address miningrelated issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3603. A bill to grant a Federal charter 
to the National American Indian Veterans, Incorporated; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3604. A bill to establish a grant program to assist States to establish or expand universal prekindergarten in public schools and public charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3605. A bill to establish humane practices for the repatriation of aliens at the border, establish effective standards for the treatment of certain aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
protections for vulnerable unaccompanied alien children and female detainees; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3607. A bill to increase from 10 to 15 
years the term of office of the judges of the district courts of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 exempt amounts paid for aircraft management services from the excise taxes imposed on transportation by air; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3609. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modify requirements for payment under the Medicare program for ambulance services furnished by critical access hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with an amendment; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
persecution of religious and ethnic minorities, especially Christians and Yezidis, by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, also known as Daesh, and calling for the immediate prioritization of accepting refugees from such communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BORDALLO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
H. Res. 436. A resolution honoring the victims of the Cambodian genocide that took place from April 1975 to January 1979; to the 
H. Res. 437. A resolution designating September 2015 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
SINEMA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. F OSTER, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
designation of a week as National Federal Nurse Recognition Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for designation of October 2, 2015, as ‘‘World MRSA Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
international action on behalf of Iraqi and Syrian civilians facing a dire humanitarian crisis and severe persecution because of their faith or ethnicity in the Nineveh Plain region of Iraq and Khabor, Kobane, and Aleppo regions of Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 82, urging the United States Congress to preserve full funding and support for the United States Department of Defense STARBASE youth science and technology program; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3596. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3597. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to * * * 
provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3598. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3599. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 3600. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To [. . .] make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3601. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 3602. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3603. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3604. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 3605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article IV, section 3, clause 2 of the 
H.R. 3608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
H.R. 3609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII Clause I The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United 
States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 592: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 865: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 879: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. F LORES , 
H.R. 969: Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. C LAY, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. 
H.R. 1130: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. S INEMA , 
H.R. 1142: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. K APTUR. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. R OSS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
H.R. 1258: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. M ESSER , 
H.R. 1301: Mrs. N OEM and Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 1321: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1398: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Ms. G RAHAM. 
H.R. 1568: Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1752: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
H.R. 1856: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. B RADY  
H.R. 1942: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
New Mexico, Ms. G RAHAM , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. B ERAand Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2205: Ms. K APTUR and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2408: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
H.R. 2510: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. A SHFORD , 
H.R. 2646: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
H.R. 2764: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
H.R. 2844: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. C ASTRO of 
ESHOO , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 2991: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 3061: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. 
H.R. 3065: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. K EATING , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. R OSSand Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3294: Ms. M CSALLY and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 3309: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 3338: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
H.R. 3343: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , and 
H.R. 3381: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 3421: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 3457: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
H.R. 3487: Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3493: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3495: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. F OXX, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3537: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P AYNE , 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. J ONES , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. C URBELO  
H. Res. 54: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E STY, and 
H. Res. 394: Mr. W ALZand Mr. F ARR. 
H. Res. 400: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 419: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA and 
H. Res. 423: Mr. C OOK, Mr. P EARCE , and Ms. 
H. Res. 431: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6909 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015 No. 138 