in the House Armed Services Committee, we had a hearing on the budget for fiscal year 2016. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, both testified before the committee, and I have great respect for both of them. I asked them if, after a decade in Afghanistan, keeping troops in Afghanistan for 9 more years would even make a difference. 
‘‘Down the Opium Rathole,’’ Roger Simon argues, ‘‘If you spent 13 years pounding money down a rathole with little to show for it, you might wake up one morning and say: ‘Hey, I’m going to stop pounding money down this rathole.’ . . . Unfortunately, the U.S. Government does not think this way. Even though our combat troops are leaving Afghanistan, our money will continue to flow there, billion after billion.’’ 
a rathole with little to show for it, you might wake up one morning and say: ‘‘Hey, I’m going to stop pounding money down this rathole.’’ 
morning and says: ‘‘The rathole is looking a little empty today. Let’s pound a few more billion dollars down there.’’ 
Afghanistan, our money will continue to flow there, billion after billion. The National Priorities Project says 
‘‘$753.3 billion has been allocated for the war in Afghanistan since 2001, including $89.1 billion in fiscal year 2014.’’ 
forces in Afghanistan to just 9,800 troops next year. But the money spigot will not be turned off. 
in the world. In Asia, only Bangladesh is poorer. According to the World Food Programme, half the population lives below the poverty line; Afghanistan has one of the highest infant mortality rates in the world; and more than half the children under 5 years old are chronically malnourished. 
Yet at one thing Afghanistan succeeds superbly: Afghanistan illegally produces and exports opium, morphine and heroin in such quantities that, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Afghanistan is ‘‘practically the exclusive supplier of the world’s deadliest drug [93% of the global opiates market]. Leaving aside 19thcentury China, that had a population at that time 15 times larger than today’s Afghanistan, no other country in the world has ever produced narcotics on such a deadly scale.’’ 
to stop this trade, but it has failed utterly. In fact, under U.S. occupation, drug production has increased. 
are planted in profusion in Afghanistan. More than eight years ago, we decided to spray the poppy fields with herbicides, but this was unpopular with the Afghan government, which didn’t want its illegal drug profits to stop. And even some counterinsurgency experts feared that killing the opium poppies would drive angry poppy farmers into the arms of the Taliban. 
Lots of people get confused between counterinsurgency and counterterrorism, by the way. A military expert once explained it to me this way: 
Counterterrorism is when you kill the people and then try to win their hearts and minds. 
fighting counterterrorism, the Afghan government has become adept at exploiting 
has few and terrible roads, like Afghanistan, get 93 percent of the world’s opiates out of its country? 
One way is by air. And in January 2013, the 
U.S. government said it would no longer grant contracts to a private Afghanistan airline because the U.S. military’s anticorruption unit said the airline ‘‘was involved in bulk opium smuggling.’’ 
conclusion. As Michael Lumpkin, assistant secretary of defense for special operations/ lowintensity conflict, said in a letter on Oct. 7: ‘‘In our opinion, the failure to reduce poppy cultivation and increase eradication is due to the lack of Afghan government support for the effort.’’ 
pounded $7.6 billion down the drug eradication rathole in Afghanistan. 
In a report last week, John Sopko, the U.S. 
special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction, said: ‘‘By every conceivable metric, we’ve failed. Production and cultivation are up, interdiction and eradication are down, financial support to the insurgency is up, and addiction and abuse are at unprecedented levels in Afghanistan.’’ 
‘‘The State Department requested $137.5 million in funding for counternarcotics efforts in Afghanistan for fiscal year 2014, a $31 million increase over fiscal year 2012.’’ 
Committee recently wrote a report saying we should give Afghanistan ‘‘between $5 billion and $8 billion annually for at least a decade’’ even though most U.S. troops will (supposedly) be long gone by then. 
So we have spent $7.6 billion on a drug 
eradication program that increased drug production. And now we are planning to pour $50 billion to $80 billion into that same country over the next 10 years. 
soon we are going to be talking about real money. 
of billions of dollars in Afghanistan has been dominating the headlines: 
Can’t Manage Billions in Aid, U.S. Inspector Finds’’; March 14, 2015, ‘‘C.I.A. Cash Ended Up in Coffers of Al Qaeda’’; May 4, 2013, ‘‘Karzai Says He Was Assured C.I.A. Would Continue Delivering Bags of Cash.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the squandering of billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars by the Afghan Government is one small aspect of the rampant waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan. 
budget produced by the Republican majority this week which continues billions of dollars the military deserves, but the billions of dollars going to Afghanistan are a waste. The Republican budget also provides billions of dollars for emergency war funding to get around sequestration. Why do we have sequestration in the first place? Because Congress has not passed an honest budget in years. 
Armed Services Committee had a hearing on U.S. policy in Afghanistan, 
where I asked General John Campbell, U.S. Army, commander of the International Security Assistance Force and United States Forces in Afghanistan, if he will ever have a successor who will be honest with Congress and the American people about the fact that we have done as much as we can do in Afghanistan. He did not give me a direct answer, but his response was this: ‘‘For very little continued investment, we can make this a shining light of central Asia.’’ 
I would have asked General Campbell what his definition of ‘‘very little continued investment’’ is when we have already spent billions and billions of dollars and spilled blood in Afghanistan. 
needs, and veterans benefits to provide here in the United States. Let’s focus on their needs rather than on chasing something that will never happen. History has proven Afghanistan will never change. It is a graveyard of empires. 
Congress, President Obama signed a Bilateral Security Agreement with Afghanistan to keep our United States troops there for 9 more years. Let’s cut the 9 years to 3 or 4 years and bring our troops home. 
trillion debt, the American people are frustrated. Congress needs to impose spending controls to save taxpayer money. 
bless our men and women in uniform, and may God continue to bless America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
this week marks the latest chapter in the drama of Republican control of Congress. This is their first opportunity with complete control of both Chambers to bring into focus what they would do governing, and the results aren’t pretty. 
that has been labeled by press accounts that actually give them the benefit of the doubt as being phony or a disaster. It has been condemned by many conservative commentators as a sham. 
savings over the next 10 years provides no good explanation about how it can actually be achieved. There is a trillion dollars in unspecified reductions ‘‘other mandatory programs.’’ They would abolish the Affordable Care Act, but somehow keep all of the revenues that finance it. 
which are hardly comforting. The ratcheting down support for our lowincome college students through Pell grants is hardly a step forward and will be widely condemned the more clearly 
which may have a different name but is still toxic. A measure of their understanding of its unpopularity is their refusal to put it into effect for seniors now. Instead they would have people approaching retirement age in their midfifties who will be able to enjoy the benefits and uncertainty of a vouchered Medicare program. 
It is silent on the transportation crisis that is already upon us. The latest transportation extension expires May 31. Resources are not going to be available to get us through this fiscal year, let alone the next fiscal year that they would budget for. And if the budget that they have foreseen would somehow be enacted as written, the next fiscal year would see massive cuts for every single State across the country for transportation. 
It continues to chip away at the ability of the Federal Government to hire and maintain the skilled workforce Americans depend upon. One of the most bizarre examples is their continued attack on the ability of the IRS, the Internal Revenue Service, to perform the functions necessary to finance our government. 
receivable department? And the proof of this approach is available to any American who tries to call the IRS to get information. It is almost impossible to get through now, let alone with the budget cuts that are anticipated. You can ask any CPA in your district about the devastating effects of crippling the IRS on not just the average citizen, but even on people who can hire the best legal and accounting services available. 
target for their assault on government, the attack is not limited to the Internal Revenue or the EPA. This budget will have crippling effects on the American way of life all across the country. This budgetary approach that is already baked in produces fewer people to be able to deal with the services for the exploding number of retired people seeking help from the Social Security Administration. It shortchanges the maintenance of our national parks. It underfunds medical research that can make a huge difference for American families. 
could be done. I introduced legislation this week, the REININ Act, which would cut $100 billion of unnecessary spending on nuclear weapons over the next 10 years. These savings could be used to shore up the Department of Defense without resorting to the budget gimmicks that they are using. 
budget approach. It is not their theatrics or the creative terminology. Republicans are avoiding the hard questions and reasonable solutions. It is simply an assault on providing Americans with the services they want, need, 
and deserve. The more people understand this, the sooner we are likely to get the changes we need in the political process to get us back on course. 
fraud, but it contains dangerous elements that will affect every family in America. We can and should do better. 
CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF THE HONORABLE THOMAS HOWARD KEAN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize the distinguished public service of the Honorable Thomas Howard Kean, 48th Governor of New Jersey, who will become 80 years old next month. Governor Kean is one of the most respected statesmen in the country due to his tremendous contributions to the civic life of New Jersey and of the Nation. 
1935, in New York City, to Elizabeth Stuyvesant Howard and Robert Winthrop Kean. His father served for 20 years in the House of Representatives and became the ranking member on the Ways and Means Committee. His grandfather, Hamilton Fish Kean, was United States Senator from New Jersey. Historians can trace his family’s long and proud history of public service to William Livingston, signer of the United States Constitution and the first Governor of New Jersey. Governor Kean was graduated from Princeton University in 1957, and after military service returned to Livingston, New Jersey, named for his ancestor. 
Governor Kean started his own career in public office with election to the New Jersey General Assembly in 1967. Known as a thoughtful and diligent legislator, he was elected to lead the chamber in 1972, when he became the youngest speaker of the general assembly in New Jersey history. Governor Kean’s two successful campaigns for Governor of New Jersey were each of historical significance: in 1981, his election marked the closest margin of victory in State history, while his 1985 reelection was the largest margin of victory ever recorded in a gubernatorial race in our State. 
Mr. Speaker, New Jersey saw significant improvements to public education, environmental protection, access to highquality health care, and stable taxing and spending policies during the Kean governorship. His most defining legacy was his record of inclusive public engagement that facilitated progress, compromise, and the advancement of the best interests of New Jersey. Following his time in Trenton, Governor Kean served for 15 years as president of Drew University in Madison, New Jersey, where applications, the physical structure, and the endowment increased dramatically. 
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, President Bush turned to Governor Kean and 
former Indiana Congressman Lee Hamilton to chair the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. The two chairs led an exhaustive review of the intelligence, homeland security, and governmental response before and after the acts of terror perpetrated against this country. The 9/11 Commission’s work and leadership drew bipartisan acclaim and resulted in major reforms to improve our Nation’s security preparedness. The United States is safer today thanks to the tremendous work of Governor Kean and his colleagues. 
I had the honor to serve as an assistant counsel to Governor Kean in Trenton and am honored now to call him a constituent in the congressional district I serve. I have learned continually from Governor Kean, whether through observation or instruction, and I am among the many New Jerseyans who consider him a mentor. 
brother, husband, father and grandfather, educator, leader, colleague, and friend. He and his wife, the former Deborah Bye of Wilmington, Delaware, have raised three fine children, twin sons, Thomas and Reed, and daughter, Alexandra. His son, Thomas H. Kean, Jr., is my successor as minority leader in the New Jersey State Senate. 
Governor Thomas H. Kean and wish him many years ahead of good health and happiness. The United States of America owes him a significant debt of gratitude for all that he has done in service to the Nation. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise against the Republican fiscal year 2016 budget resolution. This budget proposal would reduce critical economic investments, undermine growth in our jobs, as well as attempt to reduce the deficit on the backs of our students, seniors, lowincome families, and the American middle class. 
our students. Our students, overall, are our country’s future. It abandons our students by making cuts to college aid, research, job training, and innovation. It also abandons our most vulnerable. It would end Medicare as we know it and make harmful changes to Medicaid, threatening our seniors across this country. 
threatens lowincome families by reducing the food stamp program and by repealing the Affordable Care Act, leaving 16.4 million Americans who now have access to quality, affordable health care coverage without a viable option. In my State of Alabama alone, over 171,000 Alabamians have selected a 
plan and/or were automatically enrolled in the ACA—that is over 171,000 Alabamians. These citizens will be abandoned by the Republican budget proposal and would not have insurance for quality health care. 
proposal does nothing to help incentivize job creation or put Americans back to work. We are currently on a path towards growth and prosperity. 
the economy has added more than 12 million private sector jobs in the last 60 months. The Republican 2016 budget proposal would reverse those valuable gains—12 million private sector jobs in the last 60 months. 
instead of putting forth a budget that would create jobs, balance our budget, and spur economic growth throughout our country, we are once again seeing divisive politics at work. Instead of attempting to balance the budget on the backs of American families, as this budget proposal does, we should be seeking to find a fair and balanced plan to responsibly reduce our deficit, to grow our economy, to strengthen our infrastructure, to spur innovation, and to create jobs. 
that we will pass a 2016 Federal budget that works for all Americans and leaves no one behind. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, the House Republican budget proposal released last week will serve as a strong blueprint to put our country on a longterm path to fiscal responsibility and sustainability. 
budget, which is the same taxand spend policies that have not worked for the President or the American people, the House Republican proposal aims to balance the budget within 10 years without ever raising taxes. 
fifth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act being signed into law. Let me be clear: ObamaCare is certainly not worth celebrating. 
would repeal ObamaCare in full, including the tax increases, erroneous regulations, and mandates, all while promoting freedom of choice, affordability, and true patientcentered health care solutions. 
aims to further ensure a strong national security, economic competitiveness, and an atmosphere that will foster positive growth throughout Pennsylvania and all across the country. 
the aisle to support a clear path forward. The American people deserve as much. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I come to the House floor today to introduce my first bill, a resolution to protect black lung benefits. 
on, to power our homes and businesses, and to provide for their own families. 
men and women work in the coal mines. It is good work, it is important work, work that puts food on the table and provides a better life for their families. 
in mine safety, some miners will still develop black lung disease. 
promise decades ago to help coal miners and their families if miners develop black lung. Since 1973, miners have known that if they get black lung, the Federal Government will be there and stand up for them. More than 100,000 miners from West Virginia have filed for black lung benefits. And today, almost 5,000 miners and their families depend on these benefits for care for their families when they are no longer able to work. 
secure these crucial benefits for our hardworking miners and their families. As we in Congress work on health care reform, we must remember the miners who toil above ground and underground to power our Nation. Any reforms must secure the black lung benefits program and ensure that these critical benefits will be available for our miners and their families. We made them a promise. We must keep that promise. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
amid concerns of hostile treatment against Israel at the United Nations, I launched an initiative where I wrote letters to dozens of foreign ambassadors to the United Nations and explained why it was important that they stood against antiIsrael actions at the U.N. 
United States is apparently now in need of such a letter. Recent public reports indicate that President Obama warned Prime Minister Netanyahu, fresh off of his democratic election by the Israeli people, that the U.S. will reassess our options at the U.N. 
Speaker. President Obama has left everyone with the impression that the 
United States could change its course and abandon Israel at the U.N. I can’t think of a worse message to send to our friends in Israel and a better gift to the antiIsrael factions of the international community. 
are on the rise around the world and in the United Nations. Israel needs its friends in the United States now more than ever before. 
Speaker. Republicans and Democrats alike want a strong U.S.Israel relationship, and the days of this administration challenging and undercutting Israel’s Prime Minister, regardless of who that Prime Minister may be, must stop. The stakes are far too high. The challenges are amongst us. 
united voice, Republicans and Democrats alike, that we will stand shouldertoshoulder with our one true ally. This is not right versus left; this is right versus wrong. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. 
today to celebrate the 194th anniversary of Greek independence. 
proud people, in body, mind, and spirit. From Pericles, the Greek statesman and general, dubbed ‘‘the first citizen of Athens’’; to Plato, who laid a groundwork in philosophy so vast that the entirety of European philosophical tradition is said to simply be a footnote to his work; to Count Ioannis Kapodistrias, the first head of state of an independent Greece, Greeks have been exceptional. 
I am almost certain that Thomas Jefferson cast an eye across the Atlantic towards Greece when he uttered these words in 1821: 
July 1776 have spread over too much of the globe to be extinguished by the feeble engines of despotism. On the contrary, they will consume these engines and all who work them.’’ 
Annunciation—Evangelismos—a commemoration of the conception of Jesus Christ, is also celebrated on March 25, just as Greek Independence Day is celebrated. 
that have been beacons of freedom for all of civilization: the place of my birth, the land of the free and the home of the brave, the United States of America; and the land of my ancestors, the birthplace of democracy, the Hellenic Republic. 
Many Greeks fought for years, holding on to their heritage, culture, and faith. Bishop Germanos of Patras raised the emblem of freedom for Hellenes, the flag bearing a white cross and nine blue and white stripes representing the nine letters in Eleftheria, 
led to the Treaty of Adrianople, the formal declaration of a free and independent Greece. 
civilization, one that provided a cultural heritage that has influenced the world. Firsts in philosophy, mathematics, politics, sports, and art all stemmed from a free Greece. 
Liberty and justice, freedom to determine the path of one’s own life, these are human desires, and they were embodied by Greece throughout their fight for independence. 
and limb for those desires, and generations of Greeks for decades to come owe their ancestors thanks. 
As George Washington once said: ‘‘Liberty, when it begins to take 
This held true in Greece in 1821, as it 
cry of the revolutionaries nearly 200 years ago. It rings true today. Freedom is a powerful and beautiful notion. 
themselves 194 years ago, and I am proud to celebrate in memory of those who fought bravely to shed the shackles of the Ottoman Empire. 
reaffirm the common democratic heritage we share. And, as Americans, we must continue to pursue the spirit of freedom and liberty, which characterizes both of our great nations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida will provide the Clerk a translation of his remarks for the RECORD . 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) for 5 minutes. 
today, I rise to speak on the recent introduction of my bill, H.R. 1332, the Deny Amnesty Credits Act of 2015, in order to put our country and our Americans first. 
As a response to the President’s unauthorized and illegal actions granting amnesty, my bill will prevent those who are granted deferred action under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, and the Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA, from qualifying for the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. 
executive amnesty would allow illegal aliens to obtain Social Security numbers and the ability to receive as much as $35,000 of hardworking taxpayer moneys on their tax returns from the United States Treasury. The money that is from our hardworking taxpayers, don’t they deserve to be put first? 
According to the Congressional Budget Office, this would cost American taxpayers $10.2 billion because of an illegal executive program never authorized by Congress. 
ATM. This President has trampled upon our Constitution and has circumvented Congress to ensure his political legacy far too many times, and it must stop. Instead of working with Congress to secure our borders and to uphold the law of the land, this administration is offering executive amnesty and tax credits to illegal aliens. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to put America first. We must hold this administration accountable for actions that circumvent Congress’ constitutional power of the purse, costing billions of taxpayer dollars—our taxpayers. 
Act of 2015, will do just that. It will put America first. It will help put us on that path. It will help our hardworking Americans to be first and foremost in the hearts of us—of our Congress, the elected Representatives—who are, quite frankly, charged with putting Americans first. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Lake Baptist Church, Moses Lake, Washington, offered the following prayer: 
come before You today humbling ourselves and seeking Your help. I want to thank You, first of all, for who You are. 
mercy, and grace in each of our lives, and thank You for the blessings You give to us every day. 
and every Representative and all they do to direct our great country. I pray today that You would have your hand of grace and guidance upon them. I pray, God, that You would give them the wisdom they need on a daily basis to fulfill the office You have appointed them to. 
I also ask that You would guide, encourage, and protect them in their personal lives, as well as their families 
Nation and upon our day. I love You, Lord. It is in the name of Jesus Christ I pray. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
from Arkansas (Mr. H ILL) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HILL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
with the honor to welcome today’s guest chaplain, Pastor Dennis Fountain, the pastor of Moses Lake Baptist Church in Moses Lake, Washington. 
Pastor Fountain has crossed the Cascade Mountain divide to serve common needs on both sides of Washington State. Pastor Fountain began his ministry in 2006 as a youth pastor in Lakewood, in western Washington. He headed east across the Cascades to plant Moses Lake Baptist Church, which first opened its doors 4 years ago this month. Pastor Fountain also currently serves as the chaplain for the Grant County Sheriff’s Office. I would like to thank him for his faithfulness and commitment to serve the needs of the people of our State, particularly first responders and the law enforcement community. 
Fountain and his wife, Hannah, to the House of Representatives as fellow Washingtonians. I extend the thanks of this body for his delivering the morning prayer, and I ask my colleagues to join me in making Pastor Fountain’s time in our Nation’s Capital warm and inviting. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES AND COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY 
House the following resignations as a member of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security: 
my official resignation as a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the House Committee on Homeland Security, effective today, March 23, 2015. Both committees are vital to ensuring our nation is secure at home and abroad, and it has been and honor and a privilege to serve on these two committees over the last four years. 
of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to welcome a distinguished visitor to the House floor today. 
D.C., this week from Miss Martin’s secondgrade class at Clemmons Elementary in Clemmons, North Carolina. Through Flat Stanley’s adventures, the students in Miss Martin’s class are learning about geography and maps. 
Stanley Lambchop was first flattened by a bulletin board in Jeff Brown’s 1964 children’s classic. Today, the Flat Stanley Project is a global literacy activity that engages hundreds of thousands of children and includes more than 6,000 schools registered in 88 countries around the world. 
Stanley around the U.S. Capitol. I hope he has a safe trip back to North Carolina’s Fifth Congressional District and that Miss Martin’s class enjoys learning about his visit to Congress. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
on Congress to keep its promise to invest in our Nation’s ports. 
The harbor maintenance tax collected at our ports should be returned to our ports, not stockpiled or diverted to other spending. 
the tax was returned to our ports. The harbor maintenance trust fund now has a surplus of approximately $9 billion. 
we passed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, which set targets for annual increases in usage of the trust fund, leading to 100 percent use by the year 2025. 
budget resolution to meet that target funding level for 2016 established in WRRDA, and I am disappointed that the Rules Committee did not rule it in order. 
To keep our United States ports globally competitive, we should fully use the harbor maintenance trust fund to maintain and improve our harbors and navigation channels. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to recognize the fourth annual Arkansas Run for the Fallen. Congratulations too to run organizer Chief Master Sergeant Bubba Beason. 
Several years ago, to honor Arkansas’ fallen heroes, the Arkansas Run for the Fallen was created. This year’s run started in Ozark, Arkansas, last Friday and concluded at the State capitol in Little Rock on Sunday afternoon. 
airmen, soldiers, marines, and Arkansas State Police embarked on a 146 mile memorial run to honor every Arkansan who has died since the attacks on September 11, 2001. 
ceremony on Sunday afternoon and was deeply moved to be in the presence of approximately 30 Gold Star families that were in attendance. 
bravely, and their example and sacrifice are ones all Americans and Arkansans can admire. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, as Congress debates how to best craft the 2016 budget proposal, I hope that heavier consideration will be given to reality over ideology. 
actually worked in the past and what has not. Because in real life, the facts show that Democratic administrations have outperformed the Republican administrations in creating jobs by a significant margin. 
The most recent jobs report, for instance, showed that the economy added another 295,000 jobs in February. That is the 60th consecutive month of private sector job growth, and the longest streak in history that has been recorded. 
automobile industry added over 500,000 jobs due to the Democraticled restructuring. 
our friends on the other side of the aisle predicted hyperinflation, the collapse of the dollar, and worse, we put more people back to work than all other advanced economies combined. 
what has worked in the real world in creating jobs. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am grateful to celebrate the strong relationship between Taiwan and the United States. With the 70th anniversary of the ending of World War II this year and the 36th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act on April 10, we can reflect how this relationship has been beneficial for both countries. 
Prior to World War II, America recognized the importance of protecting the Chinese people from invaders. In 1940, the U.S. operated a clandestine 
air support mission to protect the citizens of the Republic of China, carried out by a courageous volunteer group of pilots. Known as the Flying Tigers, this group became the 14th Air Force and included my father, the late First Lieutenant Hugh Wilson. 
the Chinese military in 1942 rescued most of the crews after 15 U.S. planes crashed in China following the Doolittle Raid, which had been formed at Columbia Army Air Base, South Carolina. 
recognize the critical importance of the U.S.Taiwan relationship and its continuation. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
veterans who are disabled can get their Federal student loan debt discharged. But, unfortunately, the Department of Education reports discharged debt to the IRS, where it is considered as income for Federal and possible State tax purposes. In many instances, having Federal student loan debt discharged results in a substantial tax liability. 
Veterans Education Tax Security Act— the VETS Act. This bill will ensure that disabled veterans, deceased veterans, and deceased members of the Armed Forces are not financially penalized when their Federal student loan debts are lawfully discharged. 
ZINKE and I both understand the importance of putting politics aside to support our soldiers and veterans who have risked their whole lives and their families to defend our country. They, or their families, should not be penalized when Federal student loans are forgiven because of death or disability. 
support on this issue and look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to champion fairness for our veterans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of one of New Hampshire’s most vital industries—the fishing industry. 
For nearly 400 years, our fishing industry has helped sustain and build our local economy in the seacoast region of 
steady jobs and millions of dollars in economic opportunity for the Granite State annually. 
Unfortunately, increasing and constantly evolving government mandates are threatening to put an end to this very historic industry. 
At a time when our Nation’s job creators are already struggling to add jobs, increase revenue, and compete with cheaper international companies, the last thing that we should require of them is to spend their already limited time and resources on adhering to pages and pages of costly Federal regulations. 
It is my charge to fight for regulatory relief and to strengthen New Hampshire’s commercial fishing industry, which for so long has been an essential part of the New England tradition. 
This remains one of my top priorities, and I will continue to work tirelessly in a bipartisan fashion with the New England region to preserve this industry, which is so essential to our Granite State. 
the Republicans released their budget, which is a roadmap of their priorities and their values. Just as has been the case for the past few years, it comes as no surprise that this budget will squeeze hardworking American families and make them, again, work harder and get less. 
the acrosstheboard sequestration cuts that have strangled our investments in national priorities like education, research, and innovation. Unfortunately, this GOP budget goes further and jeopardizes national security by keeping sequester cuts on our military and our defense needs. 
Sadly, the past few months of Congress have been nothing more than continued giveaways to special interests and the wealthy and pandering to the most extreme voices, the Tea Party voices in Congress. 
budget. This is a budget that works for hardworking Americans. It protects national security. It gives Michiganders and families all across America the tools they need to buy a house, to send their kids to college, and to save for a decent retirement. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on March 1, Penn State University’s public television station, WPSUTV, celebrated its 50th anniversary. 
its first broadcast signal from atop Penfield Mountain, and viewers for the first time watched ‘‘Saludos Amigos,’’ an introductory Spanish class aimed at schoolchildren across central Pennsylvania. Since that initial broadcast, WPSU has dedicated itself to informing and engaging central Pennsylvania communities and beyond. 
make a global impact by expanding its documentary production. WPSUTV has produced several awardwinning projects, such as ‘‘Telling Amy’s Story,’’ which has reached more than 6 million people through onair broadcasts, online, and at various community events. 
reaches approximately 515,000 households in 29 counties through cable, satellite, and overtheair delivery. 
As a graduate of Penn State University, I am so proud of all that WPSU TV has accomplished, and I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing them for 50 terrific years. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, as Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to serve our veterans as well as they have served us and our country. That means a lifelong commitment to their health and well being. 
blinded after they return home are eligible for medical care at VA specialty rehabilitation clinics, where we can improve their quality of life and independence; but, too often, veterans cannot afford the cost of the trip. 
America estimates that, even though these VA clinics have long wait lists, one of four beds is empty because veterans who need care cannot afford to pay for transportation for their care. 
Veterans Medical Access Act, legislation to reimburse blinded and severely disabled veterans for travel expenses in Ventura County and across the country so they can access the lifesaving and lifechanging care they need. 
today in recognition of Women’s History Month, which we celebrate as a nation each March, and to pay respect 
to those women across the generations who have been trailblazers in so many ways, including in our military. 
was blazing trails in the skies over what is now Nellis Air Force Base, which is in my district. Betty Wall, whom I had the opportunity to speak to yesterday, was one of those Women Airforce Service Pilots during World War II. 
climb into her aircraft for training, she treated him to an introductory flight he would never forget. As she put the aircraft through its incredible combat maneuvers, the guy in the backseat had no choice but to marvel at her skill and expertise, on par with the men who were allowed to go into combat. 
WASPs received the welldeserved honor of the Congressional Gold Medal. Now, decades later, she has been followed by many other female pilots who continue to break barriers and lead the way. 
That is why, Mr. Speaker, I call on us 
as a nation to pay tribute to these amazing women during the month of March. 
House begins to prepare to discuss the next year’s fiscal budget, we need a budget that supports hardworking Americans, not one that puts our families in jeopardy. 
know it; it cuts Pell grants; it decimates Head Start, and it doubles down on policies that put working families further behind. One thing that we all need to fear in this budget is the harmful, arbitrary budget caps on both our nondefense and defense programs. These caps hurt all Americans and make our military vulnerable. 
clear that the budget caps are harming our national security. Michigan is an important northern border State, and at too many places, like at the Selfridge Air National Guard Base in Michigan, our men and women in uniform face dramatic cuts to the critical training and equipment they need to defend our country. 
budget gimmicks or plans that just kick the can down the road. We need to take up a serious budget, which the Democrats will offer this week. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, according to the CBO, the House Republican budget’s cuts to SNAP would drive the poorest working families deeper into poverty and would increase hunger in our communities. 
many as 60 million people from SNAP, most of whom are working, and cuts of this magnitude would be tragic for millions of hardworking Americans and their families. Basically, the House Republican budget makes people work harder for less. 
alternative budget, and this Democratic budget works for hardworking Americans. First, it makes it easier to own a home; second, easier to send kids to college; third, easier to have a secure and enjoyable retirement. 
the two: House Republicans want Americans to work harder for less; Democrats, on the other hand, want to help hardworking Americans. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
on behalf of the LGBT veterans, who face discrimination by the very government they fought to defend, and I urge my colleagues to join me in ending this injustice. 
down, and most Federal benefits were effectively extended to legally married samesex couples; yet an outdated law continues to bar access to VA benefits for LGBT veteran families in States that do not recognize marriage equality. 
not serve in defense of a particular State, but of the United States. All veterans should have access to all Federal benefits, regardless of where they live, just as they do when they are in the military. 
vision for caring for veterans, he said we should support those ‘‘who shall have borne the battle.’’ He didn’t say anything about discriminating against some because of who they love. 
Please join me in ending this injustice, and support the bipartisan Veteran Spouses Equal Treatment Act, which I will introduce tomorrow. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today against the majority resolution, which fails to repeal sequestration. 
two Army bases, Fort Meade and Aberdeen Proving Ground, as well as an Air National Guard base at Martin State 
Airport. I am a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee and am cochair of the Army Caucus. I am the former ranking member of the Intelligence Committee. 
hearing in which the leaders of our Armed Forces have all testified that, if sequestration is not repealed, it will make our country weaker against the threats that exist today, from terrorism to cyber, including the Russia China threat. 
putting our national security at risk and are damaging our credibility throughout the world. The acrossthe board cuts of sequestration take away all ability to make strategic decisions on the things we keep and the things we cut. Budgeting is the science of priorities, not cutting across the board. 
and intelligence community have the resources they need to do their jobs around the world and to protect our country and our families. The alternative Democratic budget released today does that by repealing sequestration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Appointments: Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance. 
OF H. CON. RES. 27, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 163 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
see if folks were getting goosebumps as the Reading Clerk was reading the rule. I was. I think that if folks were honest with themselves, they would be getting some goosebumps, too, because we don’t always have the most open of processes around here. It is hard. We have 435 of us. We all represent different districts, constituents that often have different hopes and dreams, different challenges that they face. It is not easy to craft a process that allows every Member of this institution to have a voice. 
every Member of this institution to have a voice on something as important as the budget of the United States of America. That is big, $3.8 trillion worth of big. And yet what you just heard from the Reading Clerk, Mr. Speaker, is that if we pass this rule, this rule that my colleagues and I on the Committee on Rules sorted out yesterday, if we pass this rule, we will begin the process that will allow a debate on every single budget submitted by every single Member of this House. 
those budgets in the past. That is not an easy job. There is a reason we are not going to consider 435 budgets. It is a big, big job. But more than being big in that it requires hundreds and hundreds of hours, it is big in that it requires you to put your money where your mouth is. That is not a task that folks often step up to the microphone to take on in this town, Mr. Speaker, but today we have budgets from the Progressive Caucus; we have budgets from the Democratic minority on the Committee on the Budget; we have budgets from the Republican Study Committee; we have budgets from the House Committee on the Budget and more. Every group that decided that they didn’t run for this job to make campaign speeches but they ran for this job to make a difference has a chance to put their money where their mouth is. 
Mr. Speaker, if we pass this rule, we will be allowed to vote on a Progressive Caucus budget. My backoftheenvelope calculations suggest that their budget proposes increasing taxes by almost $7 trillion—$7 trillion. I don’t support that kind of tax increase, but by golly, we ought to have a conversation about it. There are folks who are down here who are willing to recommend it. We should be willing to count the votes and see if it wins or whether it loses. 
Budget as well as the Committee on Rules, Mr. Speaker. Our budget doesn’t raise taxes at all, at least not the tax rates. We believe if you implement a responsible budget, we are going to see the economic engine of America begin to churn once again. We believe revenues are going to rise because it turns out, if you don’t make any money, you can’t pay any taxes. If you get the economy going, tax revenues begin to take care of themselves. Reduce about $5.5 trillion in spending, that is what the House Committee on the Budget proposes. 
going to shake out, Mr. Speaker, and I am excited to find out. So often you come to the House floor, it has been prescripted: The votes have been counted; the process has been closed; it is just more of a show up and vote to give it some finality. But not so today. 
If we can come together as a Committee on Rules and pass this rule, if we can come together as a body and 
begin this debate, I don’t know which budget is going to pass at the end of the day, but I know this: I know America will be the better for us having a process that includes absolutely every voice in this Chamber, and I know that our chances of turning this budget process, this collection of hopes and dreams that are in a document into the law of the land to make a difference in the lives of families in each of our districts back home, the chances of that happening will be much, much greater. 
about the budgets we have introduced, I have lots to say about the numbers that are behind those budgets, but I don’t want to slow down what I know is going to be a bipartisan day and a bipartisan budget week. 
thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we have some good economic news: the private sector has added 12 million new jobs over the last 60 months, 5 years; our national unemployment rate is down to 5.5 percent; we have reduced the deficit from 9.8 percent of our economy to nearly 3 percent; 16.4 million people now have affordable health care who didn’t have it before. These are good economic indicators, and we are moving in the right direction, but there is more to do to ensure that our economy gets and stays stronger. 
critical juncture is endanger all of the progress we have made by pursuing this drastic austerity agenda, and that is what the Republican budget is. They have an almost religious commitment to slashing government to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy. So they propose severe cuts to everything except the military, even though it means destroying Medicare coverage that was promised to seniors, cutting education funding that we need to help our children compete in the global economy, literally taking food out of the mouths of the poor, and snatching health insurance away from millions who now have access to affordable care coverage for the first time. 
raise taxes on the poor and give a $50,000 tax break to millionaires—a play that some like to call the reverse Robin Hood—but the House majority would slash funding for bridges and roads and gut funding for law enforcement and schools, double down on trickledown economics and dynamic scoring, a failed and discredited set of policies that we know don’t work. 
wants to govern the greatest democracy on Earth, by cutting our way to prosperity. Not only is it dangerous, it is mathematically impossible. It just doesn’t add up. But don’t take my word for it. Here are some of the reactions to the Republican budget from the majority’s allies and its own members. 
said about this budget: ‘‘The House GOP leadership took the easy way out.’’ 
A Republican Member and Army veteran said that this budget ‘‘makes our country weaker.’’ 
Another member of the House majority said: ‘‘I am tired of seeing gimmicks in the budget process; I am tired of seeing gimmicks in the legislative process.’’ 
RECORD several news reports documenting the criticisms of the GOP budget. 
WASHINGTON .—A sizeable bloc of House Republicans are vowing to defeat the GOP budget that was unveiled on Tuesday, arguing it shortchanges defense programs at a time that multiple national security threats around the world means Pentagon spending should be boosted. 
‘‘As a Republican I do not want our budget 
to go down. But as a veteran and somebody who has served in the Army I am not going to be part of something that I believe that makes our country weaker,’’ Florida GOP Rep. Tom Rooney told reporters Tuesday. 
crisis—budget resolutions are nonbinding and essentially symbolic documents. They do set spending levels for various government agencies and outline the party’s priorities for reforming entitlement programs and the tax code, but they lack the force of law. 
cobble together enough votes from his own members for a budget, he will add another embarrassing setback to a pile of failed efforts this year. Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pledged that total GOP control of Congress meant they would prove their party can govern and showcasing a unified budget is key to that pledge. 
Turner, a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, got 70 House Republicans to sign a letter insisting that defense programs receive a minimum of $561 billion that was included in President Barack Obama’s budget plan. 
put in a box because of the automatic across the board spending cuts, known as sequestration, put into place by a previous budget law. Those cuts cap defense spending at $523 billion. 
the House Budget Committee used an accounting trick and added more than $30 billion in defense money to the ‘‘Overseas Contingency Operations,’’ an emergency fund that doesn’t count toward their total spending number. On top of that money the committee created a separate $20 billion reserve fund to add more savings from other programs and promised to set both pots of money aside for defense. 
Pentagon money, saying on Wednesday the GOP budget ‘‘plays a shameless shell game with our defense spending. It would make Enron accountants blush.’’ 
some conservatives won’t back the measure because they want bolder reforms, but threat from Republicans who want to see bolstered defense spending is real. 
of flashpoints across the globe—ISIS in the Middle East, Ukraine, Boko Haram—that weren’t major threats in 2011, arguing the trend shows the need to respond to growing threats, not cut back. 
and I think we have to recognize that,’’ he told CNN, adding he’s not sure how he will vote on the current measure and hopes it will be changed. 
to lose more an a couple dozen of their own members on this vote, because Democrats will surely oppose the measure which repeals Obamacare and cuts food stamp and education programs. 
though, that they can strike a balance that works for the majority of the caucus. 
way to pass this budget, the constraints on future proposals will persist until Democrats and Republicans broker a compromise to do away with the automatic cuts that they agree are unworkable for both domestic and defense programs. 
their grown up pants on and figure out how do we overcome this issue,’’ Kinzinger said. 
two chambers is supposed to be negotiated by April 15th so spending panels can move forward with their work. 
Even though House Republicans just unveiled their draft budget for the next ten years, it is already painfully clear how this is going to end for defense. 
have enough votes to pass as written. There will be no conference with the Senate as a result. 
passes the House will match the legal spending caps for the core defense budget at $499 billion for 2016. 
emergency supplemental funds—or overseas contingency operations (OCO) money—for defense above President Obama’s levels, but much of it will ultimately be stripped out during floor debate. 
both chambers will not become law. Most likely, the federal government will start the fiscal year operating under another continuing resolution (CR). 
5. All eyes will turn to the Budget Committee chairmen to craft a follow on to the RyanMurray Bipartisan Budget Act to stanch the bleeding and triage the patient (defense) while providing some fiscal certainty and relief for the military later this summer or early fall. 
end will leadership finally understand why the House Republican budget blueprint for 2016 is wholly insufficient to provide for America’s military. First, the budget limits base defense spending to about $499 billion in 2016, in line with caps mandated under current law. This is a budget $35 billion below what President Obama has requested, and about $112 billion below what former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates thought would be necessary for the Pentagon when he crafted his final budget in 2012. 
fiscal hawks, the House budget seeks to offset a lower base defense budget by increasing Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) ‘‘wartime’’ spending. That is because these emergency funds are exempt from budget caps and essentially ‘‘off the books.’’ 
While the House GOP budget would ostensibly increase Pentagon OCO funding to about $90 billion compared to the Obama administration’s 2016 request of roughly $51 billion, much of this increase is an illusion. First, the plan uses a budgetary procedure known as a deficitneutral reserve fund to increase OCO spending by more than $20 billion. Reserve funds call for increased spending in certain areas but only upon the condition that offsetting cuts or revenues are generated elsewhere. 
reserve funds do not lead to increased spending. This means that while the House plan promises about $39 billion in OCO spending over the president’s request, about half of this increase will not materialize. 
no more than about $569 billion from the House budget between base and wartime spending—well under the $585 billion the president requested. 
Even if taken at face value, the OCO increase contained in the House budget will not make up for years of neglected Pentagon modernization and readiness. The reality is that the base budget and war spending accounts buy different outcomes and effects. Emergency funds buy mostly perishable items like readiness, maintenance, training, and warrelated consumables like fuel. This makes OCO spending the equivalent of a sugar high. It contains empty calories that are rapidly consumed by ongoing operations, but does not provide for the longterm health of the military. Only robust and predictable base budgets—as the bipartisan National Defense Panel recommended—can provide long term funding for readiness, force structure and modernization. 
Moreover, by relying on debtfinanced supplemental money to put a BandAid on the military’s growing wounds, the House budget provides a false sense of accomplishment of having ‘‘fixed’’ defense. The unfortunate reality is that it does not. While the budget does propose increased defense spending in the future, the only year that matters is 2016. And, in 2016, the House GOP plan keeps current spending caps locked in. Not only is that insufficient, but the president is sure to veto the defense spending bill when it ultimately hits his desk at these levels. 
has languished under the Budget Control Act’s irresponsible defense cuts as threats around the world have increased. While both political parties share in the responsibility for passage of the Budget Control Act, the GOP now controls Congress. The House budget resolution is clear that defense is only one priority of many, and one far down the line at that. 
way out—politically and budgetary. This resolution will do little to draw support from policymakers with a deep understanding of the crisis in defense and will likely end up failing for not pleasing any bloc in the party, including defense hawks, fiscal hawks and appropriators. 
year of budget uncertainty with no foresight into how or when the budgetary process will end and at what spending levels. That hurts not only the military, but taxpayers as well since it creates inefficiency and drives up 
program and planning costs across the largest federal agency. 
Republican budget leaders announced a fiscal 2016 plan Tuesday that appeases the defense hawks in their party by nearly doubling wartime spending, but the move has prompted pushback from their most conservative flanks, highlighting the challenges ahead. 
hosted a discussion with reporters shortly after the budget’s release said they want ‘‘to get to yes’’ on the GOP’s plan, but they raised concerns about the plan’s direction. 
They questioned whether additional military spending has been properly vetted, noted that the sequesterimmune account boosting military spending is not in line with the promises they made to their constituents to deliver a balanced budget, and pointed out that the added defense needs will require concessions to Democrats that will further distance the party from its political goals. 
‘‘Republicans are in the majority, but conservatives are not,’’ said Rep. Thomas Massie, RKy. But he added that the final bill will need to address conservatives’ concerns. ‘‘There are a lot more conservatives than are at this table today.’’ 
could garner enough intraparty support for the blueprint to move the bill through on a process known as reconciliation, due to differences on spending within their party. 
agree to it, would allow the budget to be passed on a simple majority, effectively cutting out Senate Democrats’ ability to block it. 
‘‘We need to make sure we are the party of 
fiscal conservatism,’’ said Rep. Justin Amash, R–Mich. ‘‘I understand some of the concerns from defense hawks who want to blow through the [spending] caps. But I’m tired of seeing gimmicks in the budget process. I’m tired of seeing gimmicks in the legislative process. 
‘‘At the end of the day, if you want to increase spending on programs Republicans like, you are going to have to accept some compromise for Democrats. So for those who are pushing for higher spending, they’d better be prepared to go to higher spending on Democratic programs and possibly tax increases.’’ 
In the 2016 plan, which House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price, R–Ga., announced Tuesday, keeps the Defense Department’s baseline budget to the $523 billion sequester cap—but then adds another $94 billion in the wartime fund known as the overseas contingency operations account, which is not subject to sequester caps. 
‘‘That’s one of the issues I am having with 
Idaho. ‘‘I think if you are going to plus up military spending you should have to do it within the budget—not in a separate [wartime] account. I think we have to ask the fundamental question, ‘what is all that money being spent on in the military? It’s not a question that Republicans are willing to ask.’’ 
beefed up under a balanced budget also was questioned. 
‘‘I don’t know anybody who honestly believes we are going to balance the budget in 
10 years. It’s all hooey,’’ said Rep. Ken Buck, 
R–Colo. Buck said with winding down operations in Afghanistan and the end of the 2008 financial crisis, it is now time to make push difficult spending cuts to balance the budget. 
as a priority, but the willingness to scrutinize defense spending. 
‘‘I want to protect the military as much as 
anybody. But it seems we have an unquestioning disregard for what its actually being spent in the military sometimes as Republicans, and I have a concern about that. 
‘‘So now what we are going to do is . . . 
put it in the [overseas contingency] account and we are going to forget about the promises that we made to our constituents that we are going to balance the budget,’’ Labrador said. 
‘‘leaning toward yes’’ in supporting the additional Pentagon spending, but that he wanted to see the final bill. ‘‘Obviously we want to do everything we can for national defense, but we understand the dynamic we are in,’’ Jordan said. 
budget would force hardworking families to work harder for less. The proposal turns Medicaid into a State block grant, makes students pay more for tuition, decimates the Pell grants for college tuition, slashes food stamps, and turns Medicare into a voucher program for the future recipients, all the while keeping billions of dollars in tax breaks for Big Oil. 
Today, Medicare guarantees insurance coverage for seniors, but imagine with me, if you will, a world in which Medicare is just a fixed amount voucher. Instead of insurance, your grandparent is given a set amount of money and is sent out on his or her own to negotiate with multinational companies; and if they need a medical plan that is more expensive than that voucher, the balance comes straight out of their pocket, or, if they can’t afford it, they have no insurance. Not only does the budget show a clear disdain for working families, middle class families, students, and the elderly, but it was so haphazardly drafted last week that the media exposed a drafting error in the bill that revealed an additional $900 million in cuts. Imagine that, nearly a billion dollars that had been overlooked. 
playing fast and loose, using budget gimmicks to violate agreedupon spending caps in the sequestration and to fund critical longterm Department of Defense needs out of a temporary war slush fund, the overseas contingency operations account, a slush fund the use of which Republicans decried just last year for undermining the budgetary process. 
Carter, has highlighted the need for predictability in the Department’s budget. He would like to know from one year to the next what is a gimmick and what is real, something that the House majority refuses to ensure. Ashton Carter, Secretary of Defense, says the only way that he can provide funding for the military is through stability, not through slush funds, spending caps, and budget games. 
run our government: with tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires, with financial incentives for Big Oil, tax breaks for corporations that ship their jobs overseas, and tax policies that burden the people whose heads are barely above water. But, most importantly, it hurts the SNAP program, when thousands, millions of Americans go to bed hungry every night. How dare we threaten the very thing that gives them some peace of mind and some food to eat. That is also, by the way, an agriculture program that our farmers depend on to help them make a living. 
course. Let’s grow the economy from the middle class out, not try to hope something will trickle down on it. Let’s fix our crumbling roads and bridges, and let’s invest in our kids and make it easier to go to college, not harder. Let’s respect the contribution of our Nation’s seniors and make certain that they have the stability that they need in their health care to make financial decisions with some degree of certainty. We could do that by adopting the Democratic alternative. And while my colleagues in the minority might be getting fatigued saying this over and over that what we have isn’t just a list of numbers, it is a statement of our ideals, instead of a slashand burn budget that puts at risk the economic growth of the last 5 years, we propose investments in our infrastructure, in our children, in our economy, and in our future. 
I am not sure if I was clear when I 
got started, and I apologize if I was not. We are going to vote on every idea that folks have. We are going to vote on every budget that was introduced. If you have a plan about how to better run this Nation, you don’t need to complain about somebody else’s vision; you are allowed to bring your own vision to the floor. 
and women back home in our districts. What you can see on this chart is the interest spending alone under current law in year 2025. That is the 10th year of the budget window, almost a trillion dollars in interest alone. When we hear about what the spending priorities are that each Member of this Chamber has, we have to ask ourselves, so what are you doing to balance the budget so that interest doesn’t consume it all? 
current law, if we don’t make necessary changes, we are going to be spending more on interest alone on the national debt than we are on all defense issues combined. We are going to be spending more on interest on the national debt than we spend on Medicaid, our largest health care program, to help those constituents in need in our 
district. If you care about folks who are in need in your district, you care about balancing the budget, because we all know that in a debt crisis, the folks who get hurt the most are the folks who are most dependent on government services. 
democracy that is the budget process, we have a budget before us today that purports to balance in 6 years. The Republican Study Committee has introduced that budget. We are going to have a vote on it today. We have the budget that came out of the House Committee on the Budget. It purports to balance in 10 years. We are going to have votes on budgets in this process, Mr. Speaker, that anticipate balancing never—never. 
Mr. Speaker, the President’s budget projects $2 trillion in new taxes—$2 trillion in new taxes—and never balances. It doesn’t balance next year; it doesn’t balance 10 years from now; it doesn’t balance 20 years from now. It balances never. Every time we borrow a dollar from our children or our grandchildren, we are promising, we are committing either an additional dollar in taxes on those same children and grandchildren plus interest in the future or an additional dollar in benefit cuts. 
robust debate about our spending priorities, but it ought to start from the position that we have an obligation to pay for the bills that we are running up today. I say to my friends, these are not small things that we are arguing about. I want to talk to you about how do we invest more in transportation. I want to talk to you about how do we invest more lifting people up from that bottom rung of the ladder to the next rung of the ladder, to the next rung of the ladder. 
I want to talk about how to invest in 
America, but every time we vote for a budget that doesn’t balance, we threaten that future. We have more in interest payments on the national debt than on all national security combined. 
find that agreement today, Mr. Speaker, but if we pass this rule, again, we will be able to begin that process where all of the ideas will be debated. 
each budget comes to the floor, ask this question: Do we plan for balance ever? Do we anticipate ending the added burden on our children ever? Do we anticipate mortgaging our children’s future for as far as the eye can see, or do we anticipate taking responsibility? 
choose from, a lot of opportunities to take responsibility for. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my friends to support this rule so that we will be able to bring those bills to the floor. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), a 
where we begin to debate our Nation’s budget, ostensibly, our plans for the fiscal future of our Nation. 
There was a time, far ago in the past, 
before the invention of the Ryan budget and the Price budgets, when this time of year represented an honest, informed discussion of our different views of the future of our Nation and how to restore fiscal stability. 
which says it balances, but doesn’t; which includes tax revenue for laws that it says it repeals; which creates fiscal growth out of thin air; this discussion, unfortunately, has devolved into nothing more than political theater. 
this rule today on the first ever Price budgets, the process has fallen even further. Gimmicks are being stacked on gimmicks. The Budget Control Act and its caps are law, and everyone on my side of the aisle stands ready to work together to come to a compromise solution that allows for both our domestic spending needs to be met as well as our national security needs. 
having. Instead, we have a budget—or budgets—which completely circumvent common sense and budgetary convention by adding billions of ‘‘base budget’’ money to the overseas contingency account, essentially giving President Obama a record slush fund to engage in wars of his choice without consulting the United States Congress. 
Those are the Republican plans before you. What we have is a fictional budget. But then, that fictional budget wasn’t enough for everyone. So here we are, being asked to pass a rule which looks a lot like the rules you might see at an auction at the county fair. The most votes wins the blue ribbon. 
United States Congress. This is our official budget plan of a major American political party for fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
better. We can have an honest discussion about our budget priorities and about restoring fiscal stability for the next generation. We deserve a serious proposal rather than this fun and games and gimmicks that we have before us under this rule. 
myself 30 seconds to say to my friend, that is what is so wonderful about this process. The days for pointing out who is so wrong and their ideas are so bad are left for a campaign season. This is the day where you bring your ideas to the floor of the House, and every single 
idea that was offered is going to be considered. Mr. Speaker, that doesn’t happen by accident. 
to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee and an outspoken advocate for trying to bring these ideas to the floor, without whom we would not be able to be here today. 
to thank the gentleman from Georgia, who represents not only the Rules Committee but conservatives from across our Conference on the Budget Committee. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) 
the budget and what costs what and what decisions we wanted to make and what direction we were going to go. 
he is presenting a budget that is going to balance. He is presenting a budget that is going to fund our military properly. And he has got a budget which is one we cannot only understand but believe in. 
One of the questions I asked him yesterday was: Mr. PRICE, how much does 
the Affordable Care Act, known as ObamaCare, cost the taxpayer and the budget? He said: You know, I don’t know, but I’ll get back to you. Well, by the end of the hearing, he said—what he could figure—it is $108 billion. 
go and doublecheck everything. That was a cursory view. 
Mr. Speaker, if that is true, and if I 
accept the figures that the gentlewoman, the ranking member of the committee, said of the number of people who are on ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act—about 12 million—if you just do simple multiplication, 12 million into $108 billion, we are talking literally every single recipient would be costing this government more than $5 million per person for their insurance. 
our friends, the Democrats, passed—it took us all day—a bill that they told us at least 24 million people who were uninsured would be on it, and a whole bunch of other people, and now here we are some 4 years later, a whopping total of 12.5 million at a cost of $100 billion or more. And yet they come to the floor and look at us like we are some selfrighteous group of people because we want to balance the budget and change the direction. 
doing away with the Affordable Care Act. It is about properly looking at the money that comes in to the Federal Government and us properly allocating it back out. And $108 billion for 12 million people is immoral. It is unconscionable. And yet that was the testimony yesterday. Once again, I am 
going to have to look at it again, and I know Chairman PRICE is going to as 
Mr. Speaker, this is why we do budgets. We do budgets so that we do ask the tough questions, so that we can put a pencil to the millions, billions, and trillions that the American taxpayer sent us here to do. 
For us to be on the defensive by our 
friends, the Democrats, about wanting to balance the budget, about us wanting to do the things that will balance out and not only netting them out to where we don’t spend more than what we take in, but being on the defensive because we are doing the right thing to sustain America’s greatest days ahead of us, I think is a real mistake for the 
people who make the argument against us, when they are the people that passed—without one Republican vote— what we were told is $108 billion for 12.5 million people. 
from this yelling and screaming and go to the numbers. And that is what TOM 
PRICE did. That is what Mr. W OODALL is 
doing. They are looking at how we are spending our money and what we are getting as a result of it. And if it really is true that for everybody who is on this Affordable Care Act, the true cost to the taxpayers is over $5 million for each person, then shame on us for not knowing, asking, and understanding. And that is what we are doing today, Mr. Speaker. 
Georgia, actually has taken time to go and look at the budget. He is also doing a lot of other things that the gentleman from Texas, MIKE BURGESS , 
gave him credit for yesterday, where he is looking at some $800 billion—almost a trillion dollars—that is sitting in agencies, not spent yet, that has previously been given to them. The taxpayer paid for it, and they are just sitting there waiting to spend the money. 
TOMPRICE, it is R OBWOODALL , it is the 
members of the committee who have taken the tough votes and have done their homework. And that is what we are presenting here today. We are presenting the hard work from a committee called the Budget Committee to come and look at, once a year, how much are we spending, what are we getting, and how can we do it better? 
those who say that the Republicans aren’t doing the right thing. We are doing the heavy lifting. It is Republicans who are trying to look at the billions that are being spent. Not just the thousands, but the hundreds of millions and the thousand billions. Because a thousand billion is a trillion. And this is a big budget, and we need people to do what we are doing. 
just my party, the Republican Party, but I stand up for the honest and legitimate work that TOMPRICE and the 
Budget Committee have done. And I intend to follow up with this committee 
the real cost of government because it is the real cost of government that turns the direction of our country, where we pass by that effort of where we create good behavior and we help people to, one, where we create people who are leaning on the government for their life, for their lifestyle, and for their future. And that is a mistake. That is a mistake—and one that the Republican Party will try and stand up to. 
person who is ablebodied and not. I have a son with Down Syndrome, and I understand that we do need to do the right things for people who can’t take care of themselves—those with an intellectual or physical disability. I get it that we should be there for poor people. 
paying $5 million for an insurance plan, per person, under the Affordable Care Act. That is beyond the wild ideas of boondoggle. It is immoral. 
ask the tough questions. And when we go to the voter or taxpayer and we say: Here is what we want you to understand about your money, we can do it with the authority and the responsibility that we have done the homework. We sharpened our pencils and we made a real difference by understanding not just dollars and cents, but the future of this great Nation. 
Now I think I understand it all. I believe I understand how you could lose $900 million when you are doing your budget. 
that we are paying $5 million for each person’s health care who is on the Affordable Care Act? 
first time in 50 years is going down. But nobody ever paid $5 million for anybody’s health care in a single year. It is the most atrocious thing I think I have heard on this floor. 
people you have entrusted your Congress to. They are the people who are writing your budget. They are the people who are going to voucherize your Medicare, who are going to turn Medicaid into a block grant and help some people, maybe not. These are the people making sure that the roads and bridges are crumbling and that are going to take food out of the mouths of the poor. 
This is the kind of math that you are 
is as angry as I am, a member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for making it very plain in terms of what their budget does and does not do. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and the underlying bill. Yes, I am a member of the Budget Committee and the Appropriations Committee, and I know that our national budget is a statement of our national priorities and our values. And I know very well that the Republican budget is full of misplaced priorities 
favor of special interests and the wealthy few, but the Republican budget is. Our Nation’s budget should prioritize working families, too many of whom are making low wages and living below the poverty line. It should assist those working hard to find a job and invest in workforce training, job training, and job creation. Instead, this Republican budget keeps tax breaks for corporations and the superwealthy. 
opportunities for all, but the Republican budget slashes Pell grants that Congress has already paid for by $89 billion. 
budget that invests in the American people should invest in our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure, but the Republican budget cuts funding for our roads, our bridges, and our rail. 
It should contain a serious and effective strategy to end poverty if we really believe that our budget is a reflection of our values and is a moral document. The House Republican budget offers none of these. 
In fact, it slashes programs that support lowwage workers and people working hard to find a job. These families shouldn’t have to go hungry; yet, because their wages are so low, they need food stamps. By cutting $150 billion from SNAP, this budget creates more hunger and more poverty for people who are working. 
are a legacy of the War on Poverty, which cut the poverty rate in our country by onethird in 50 years. Let me just read the list of programs that you are cutting and what the War on Poverty listed. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Criminal Justice Act, Food Stamp Act, Older Americans Act, Social Security amendments, Voting Rights Act, HUD, all of these programs, Higher Education Act, these are initiatives that you are cutting that provide pathways out of poverty. 
the backs of the most vulnerable to preserve tax loopholes for the superwealthy and slush funds for Pentagon contractors. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and on 
myself 60 seconds just to ask the gentlewoman from California, I understand why she objects to the Republican budget. What I don’t understand is why she objects to the rule. 
that any Member of Congress asked to be made in order, we made that in order. Could the gentlewoman tell me why she opposes the rule? 
I will be happy to yield to the gentlewoman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Why do I oppose the rule? I oppose the rule, first, because this 
rule, if it moves forward, would allow for the Republican budget, which we know could pass this body, with these huge cuts. I think we need to go back to the drawing board and minimally put back and restore cuts to the SNAP program. 
to Pell grants, does not invest in infrastructure, any budget that does that, regardless of the budgets that have been put forward, I don’t want to see this debate put forward with those cuts in place. 
side of that issue. I understand that somebody is going to win and somebody is going to lose, but I think the process is always better when we allow everyone’s ideas to come to the floor, and that is one of the things this rule does, and I am very grateful that we have been able to do that. I thank my friend. 
a member of the Rules Committee, a member of the Budget Committee, and a member of the Appropriations Committee. 
friend and thank our chairman of the Rules Committee for doing exactly what he just suggested, bringing us a rule that lets everybody bring their choices to the floor. That is what we all like to do around here. 
have three Democratic choices and three Republican choices, and we are going to have an opportunity for people to express a variety of opinions and arrive at a consensus in this body. 
like all three Republican alternatives pretty well. I think my friend Mr. 
WOODALL has always worked on the Republican Study Committee budget; it gets us to balance faster than anything else on this floor. 
three Republican budgets, they have several things in common. The first is they make tough choices because we have got an $18 trillion debt; and, just left on autopilot, that will increase by another $7.2 trillion. It aims to bring these things into balance, and each one of those Republican budgets does that—the Republican Study Committee budget a little bit faster—but all within the 10year budget window. 
not a big surprise. No Republican voted for it. We have never liked it, and it would be remiss of us not to continue to argue our position. 
Third, they all call for major tax reforms. We all know that lowering rates, eliminating exemptions, and rationalizing the Tax Code contributes to economic growth. 
pretty well. We do it in different ways, and we have debates, but they all manage to do that, and none of them raise taxes in the process of achieving those objectives. 
I am pretty content with the Republican choices in front of us and look forward to that. I think it behooves us all to remember—and it gets lost in this debate—a budget is not the law of the land. 
The budget is, essentially, a negotiating position. The President submitted a budget earlier. That is his initial negotiating position. Whatever emerges from this debate today is likely to be the Republican initial negotiating position. 
a budget today which I presume represents their initial negotiating position. They have also got other budgets within the context of that—perfectly appropriate. We do, too, but they will have a general position. Our friends in the Senate, on both sides of the aisle, are wrestling with this very issue as we talk. 
our differences and distinctions here, we do live in an era of divided government; and despite what many people think, we do occasionally come to compromises around here. 
lowered the budget deficit every year that we have been in the majority, but that has entailed some compromises. We compromised in the RyanMurray agreement. That was actually a pretty good agreement that both sides were happy with. 
compromise on the socalled doc fix, the SGR. We compromised last December on the CR/Omnibus bill which, again, gave us some fiscal stability. 
negotiating positions, at some point down the road, we will indeed compromise. The President of the United States has got a signature that is going 
to have to happen to any appropriations bill. Our friends have a filibuster control in the upper House. 
am very content with where we are opening this debate; and then, frankly, over the course of the months ahead, we work together and see if we can find that common ground. 
what the Republicans are trying to do in terms of lowering the deficit, reforming entitlements, not raising taxes, and moving us in a fiscally responsible direction while we modernize our Tax Code. That is our opening position. I look forward to defending it. 
bringing this excellent rule to the floor, which allows everybody to put forward their position. 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), a member of the Committee on Rules and an extraordinary colleague. 
last 8 years have been very difficult. We are recovering from the single greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression. This recovery hasn’t been easy, and it has forced us to make difficult decisions. Working on budget priorities and wrestling with spending cuts have been difficult, to say the least. 
around, thanks in large part to an increase in hiring and the success of the Affordable Care Act; yet we still must wrestle with the Nation’s budget. It is true, as my Republican friends say, that tough choices have to be made. 
Why is it that every time House Republicans try to put our fiscal house in order, they ask those among us who can least afford it to make the most sacrifices? 
the budget on the backs of the poor and working families. They didn’t cause the financial crisis, and they shouldn’t be the ones forced to get us out of this mess. 
There is a lot to dislike in the Republican budget, from repealing the Affordable Care Act to ending Medicare as we know it, to slashing Pell grants. Quite frankly, it is awful. 
I want to focus on what the Republican budget does to SNAP, the Nation’s premier antihunger program. Once again, the Republican budget would turn SNAP into a block grant, resulting in sharp cuts of $125 billion. On top of that, the Republican budget requires a cut of at least another $1 billion—maybe more—from SNAP. 
remaining basic protections for the poor. For many of the poorest Americans, SNAP is the only form of income assistance that they receive. The numbers don’t lie, but the stories are far more powerful. Just listen to the people who rely on 
SNAP to make ends meet. Thousands of people sent messages to Congress written on paper plates, pleading with us not to cut SNAP. 
was able to finish college, feed my family, and find a career where I am able to advocate for a program that I know works. 
because no senior should have to choose between buying food or paying for their medication. When I was a child, my father left, and the only reason we could afford food was because of food stamps. I never got a chance to say thank you, so thank you. 
For the life of me, I can’t figure out 
why House Republicans are hellbent on arbitrarily cutting a program that feeds hungry kids, seniors, and working families. These SNAP cuts are deep and hurtful. We have already seen how the farm bill cuts $8.6 billion, how those cuts are wreaking havoc among the hungry. Imagine what a cut of $125 billionplus would do. 
Republicans claim that SNAP spending is out of control; yet the Congressional Budget Office shows that SNAP spending is going down as the economy recovers and people go back to work. 
I offered an amendment to strike these SNAP cuts from the Republican budget. The Republicans blocked my amendment while, at the same time, increasing spending for the Pentagon by over $90 billion, without even paying for it. 
Mr. Speaker, budgets are moral documents; and what the Republicans are doing, in my opinion, is immoral. Penalizing working families—and, yes, the majority of people on SNAP who can work do work—penalizing these families by taking away food in the guise of fiscal prudence is just wrong. Cutting SNAP, while increasing unchecked spending for the Pentagon, is hypocritical. 
Let’s be clear. There is a cost to hunger in America. Hungry kids don’t learn in school. Senior citizens who take their medication on an empty stomach end up in the emergency room. Workers who miss meals are less productive at work. 
food on the table for hungry families, is just a rotten thing to do. Shame on anybody in this House who votes for a budget that increases hunger in America. 
myself 1 minute to say to my friend from Massachusetts I know he cares deeply about these issues; and, candidly, this House is a better House because of his leadership on these issues. 
four times more on interest on our national debt than feeding families through the Food Stamp program. An unbalanced budget is eroding those opportunities to invest in people. 
I am certain that we would come together to invest in Americans. I am 
gentleman cares. I won’t concede he cares more than I do about lifting folks up and taking them to the next rung of that ladder. 
Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
the problem of hunger in America is actually increasing our deficit and our debt; but I would also argue, if you want to find ways to balance the budget, maybe go after some of those corporate tax breaks, instead of going after poor people. 
knows—and, again, I thank the gentleman—I have introduced the only bill in Congress that abolishes every single corporate tax break in the Tax Code. I would welcome support and enthusiastic cosponsorship from any of my colleagues on the other side the aisle. 
defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to allow for consideration of legislation that would help families afford college tuition by letting undergraduate borrowers refinance their student loans at a low interest rate of 3.86 percent. That is what the families we represent need, not the education cuts in the Republican budget. 
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). 
I rise in opposition to the rule and to 
the previous question, as she just stated, would allow consideration of H.R. 1434, the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act. 
out there for young Americans who are trapped in high interest rate students loans. The Federal Reserve bank has tallied that. It is $1.3 trillion of overhang in the U.S. economy. 
None other than the former Republican Governor of the State of Indiana and the former Budget Director under George Bush testified before the Education Committee the other day, and this is what he said: 
and Rutgers shows that today’s 20 and 30 year olds are delaying marriage, delaying childbearing, both unhelpful trends from an economic and social standpoint. 
Between 25 percent and 40 percent of borrowers report postponing homes, cars, and other major purchases. Half say that their student loans increase their risk of defaulting on other bills. 
There are 7.5 million young Americans who are behind on their student loans. Again, they are trapped in no collateral, high interest rate documents that our bill allows them to write down. 
that when there is a period of low interest rates—and that is exactly what is the situation today—middle class families refinance their houses, refinance their car loans, and refinance their credit cards; but students and people carrying student loan debt because of the fact that they were nocollateral loans are trapped. 
Our bill allows them to go to the Department of Education, write down those interest rates to 3.6 percent. The Congressional Budget Office has told us that half of the trilliondollar overhang would be refinanced down if this bill took place. That puts money in people’s pockets, as the Pew Research Center shows. That means that they are going to go out and buy cars, buy homes, and start families. 
strangling this economic recovery. And incredibly, we are going to take up a Republican budget which cuts Pell Grants and also raises interest rate costs for Stafford loan programs. 
Let’s be very clear: this budget allows the government to charge interest while people are in school, which has been a pillar of the Stafford student loan program, that interest is not charged while kids are going through college. Yet the Republican budget adds to that $1.3 trillion in overhang by adding interest costs in their budget plan. 
who want to buy homes, who want to send their kids to college, have an opportunity with this legislation, H.R. 1434, to allow them to refinance down their interest rates to a lower outof pocket cost that will provide an automatic, instant stimulus to the U.S. economy. That is what the American people are looking for, not a Republican budget plan that compounds the largest area of consumer debt in the U.S. economy. It adds costs to folks whose Pell grants won’t rise and whose interest rates are going to go up on their Stafford loans. 
vote that we are about to take. One vote is going to add to the student loan problem, which the Federal Reserve has identified as the largest consumer debt challenge of our Nation, and the other vote will allow us to move forward to solving that problem. 
the previous question. Let’s help those 7.5 million kids and young people who are behind on their student loans. Allow them to refinance down their interest rates, which is what happens all throughout the U.S. economy during a time of low interest rates. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
rise in opposition to the rule, and I rise in opposition to the previous question 
so that H.R. 1434 can be offered. Let me tell you why. 
constituents who have sent me letters and emails. In many of these conversations, I hear about the burden of student loan debt. Just recently, I spoke with a couple with more than $100,000 in student debt, and their monthly loan payments exceed the rent that they pay on their apartment. 
There is absolutely no question, student loan debt is an enormous problem in this country. We all know the facts. As the gentleman from Connecticut stated, at $1.3 trillion, student loan debt has surpassed credit card debt. Nearly threequarters of college seniors graduate with some debt; bachelor’s degree recipients graduate with an average of almost $30,000 in debt. 
colleges and universities and other relevant actors in higher education must come together to address this issue. We must take steps to reduce the underlying costs of degree completion, strengthen Federal and State investment in colleges and universities, provide additional aid to students, and diminish existing student loan debt. 
on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, would help bring down existing student loan debt by allowing eligible borrowers with existing debt to refinance their student loans and receive the same lower interest rates passed by Congress in 2013 that new borrowers currently receive. 
loan debt will benefit tens of millions of Americans. I oppose the rule. I oppose the previous question. 
If I could engage my friend from California, I understand why he doesn’t like one of the Republican budgets that is here. But this rule also makes in order every single Democratic substitute budget that was offered. 
I would ask my friend why it is that 
he opposes this rule since it allows everyone’s ideas to be considered. 
I am happy to yield to my friend. Mr. TAKANO. Well, I am not so much 
in opposition to the rule because of not allowing other budgets to be considered, but because of the way the rule is structured, I would rather see us be able to consider H.R. 1434. If we would oppose the rule and oppose the previous question, we could solve the student debt question here. 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. I thank the gentlelady for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can amend the rule 
be overlooked. In 2013, there were 37 million American student loan borrowers with outstanding student loans. Those 37 million American students hold an enormous $1.3 trillion in student loan debt, as my friend from Connecticut mentioned. Student loan debt is growing by $3,000 per second. The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act would be a good first step in allowing students to refinance their loans and put some muchneeded money back in their pockets and back in the American economy. 
allow new student loan borrowers to receive a low interest rate. Unfortunately, students with existing student loan debt were left out of this fix. This bill would provide those students who borrowed before 2012 the same opportunities that new borrowers have. 
lower interest rates, they would be able to more fully participate in the economy. They could buy houses, eat out in restaurants, move out of their parents’ homes, or even just have enough money to save for a better future. 
This bill is simple, and it fixes a fundamental inequity. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
Mr. Speaker, in parliamentary parlance, what we have before us is termed a ‘‘structured rule.’’ However, I would venture to say that this is an unstructured rule. It is a rule put forward by a majority with no clear structure to its strategy of how to govern this country. 
two versions of their budget to the floor, as their deficit hawks and defense hawks continue to fight over what budget they should pursue. It is demonstrative of the deep divisions that we have seen displayed on a regular basis in the majority party. 
another of this Republican majority being unable to assemble the votes from within its own ranks to pass important measures on its own. We saw it with funding to keep the Department of Homeland Security open. We also saw it last Congress, when Republicans were forced to withdraw an appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development when they didn’t have the votes to support their sequestration strategy. 
the Appropriations Committee, said at that time that the bill’s removal 
meant that ‘‘with this action, the House has declined to proceed on the implementation of the very budget it adopted just 3 months ago. Thus, I believe,’’ Chairman ROGERS went on, 
‘‘that the House has made its choice: sequestration—and its unrealistic and illconceived discretionary cuts—must be brought to an end.’’ 
the Appropriations Committee speaking—not STENY HOYER , not a Democrat, but a Republican leader. 
first time that we are seeing the majority plagued by dysfunction as it budgets in a partisan way, but today it has gone a step further with a rule that essentially acknowledges that there is no consensus among Republicans as to how they ought to proceed. That is why Republicans are putting forward this convoluted amendment strategy. 
other side, the votes exist to pass a budget in this House but only if it is one that replaces both the defense and nondefense components of the sequester with a commonsense and fiscally 
will not be followed, as previous budgets passed by the Republican majority have never been followed and were not followed by them. 
tell my Republican friends, to pass a budget that invests in the future and does not stifle the growth of jobs and opportunity. 
I urge my colleagues we can do better. Reject this rule. Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s get it right. 
myself 1 minute to say to my friend, whose leadership in this House I value, that he had an opportunity in that joint select committee, that supercommittee, an opportunity that I know he wishes that we had been able to come together on and we were not able to come together on. 
amongst ourselves; it is a reflection of the fact that we actually have different opinions. Allowing different budgets to come to the floor is going to allow us to flush out those opinions. 
I wish, thinking about bipartisan cooperation as we have had in years past, there would have been a Republican Democratic substitute that would have gotten to balance as well, making those tough decisions. But instead, what we are left with are Democratic budgets that never balance and Republican budgets that achieve balance, all while ignoring the challenge that we have to deal with sequester long term. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s leadership on trying to deal with the sequester. I, too, wish we had had it. 
yielding. The fact of the matter is, I oppose 
this rule. I think my Republican friends’ budget will pass. I understand that. 
Mr. WOODALL. I yield myself an additional 15 seconds, and I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I wish he would go back to the drawing board. And I will tell my friend, I will participate with you. 
Nobody believes, I think, that sequester is going to ultimately rule the day in our appropriation bills because it is, as your chairman said, illconceived and unrealistic. I would think it better policy for us to decide that now, and then implement appropriation bills consistent with something that is reasonable and not illconceived. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ). 
today as a member of the Higher Education Subcommittee and as a retired professor of 40 years at Bennett College in North Carolina. I am steadfastly committed to making sure that every student has access to a quality, affordable college education because education is key to achieving the American Dream. 
are burdened with insurmountable debt, which hinders their prospect of achieving the great American Dream. Even worse, the rising cost of education and the threat of educational debt has become a barrier for many 
than $1.3 trillion. It is time to invest in our constituents and help our graduates better manage their debt. Homeowners and car owners can refinance their loans. Why can’t our hardworking graduates do the same? 
Loan Refinancing Act will allow them to do just that. It will allow graduates to refinance their old debt so that they are better equipped to pay it off. 
One in seven student borrowers defaults on their loans within the first 3 years. If we don’t act now, our graduates will continue to be forced to choose between paying school debt, purchasing homes, creating a savings account, and starting families. The threat is too grave to our economy. 
I know firsthand what higher education can do for a person’s life because of what it did for me. That is why I am fighting for every student to have access to a quality, affordable education. 
students spend their entire adult lives paying off their student debt. I urge my colleagues to put our graduates before partisan politics, and let’s pass this legislation. 
say to my friend from New York that I have no further requests for time, and I would ask my friend if she has further requests for time. 
House majority has once again chosen to favor billionaires over the middle class, debunk economics over real investments, and politics over people. Democrats have a clear alternative that would keep our economy growing and ensure a strong fiscal future. Our alternative ensures that college is achievable, that jobs are available, and that health care is affordable. That is what will keep our economy on the right track. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on the draconian Republican budget, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
‘‘no’’ sometimes in this Chamber. You want to vote ‘‘no’’ because you don’t like the ideas the other side has, and it turns out that if they have more votes than you have on any particular idea, they win and you lose. I lose in this Chamber from time to time myself, as I know all my friends do, but this rule offers an opportunity at least for every idea to be heard, and the best ideas ought to rise to the top. That is the America that I believe in. That is the Congress that I believe in, that if we allow this festival of democracy, if we allow all of these provisions to be considered, we will have the best ideas rise to the top. 
When I hear my colleagues complaining about what isn’t available today, it is an indictment of our collective work ethic because this rule makes every idea that was presented available. 
side decided to talk about student loan debt today. It is a troubling issue. Member after Member has come to the 
House floor, and they have said that these students have taken out all of these loans, economic circumstances have changed, and now their opportunities are truncated. I feel for those students. America is in exactly that same circumstance. We have taken out loan after loan after loan, economic circumstances are changing, and if we continue on this path, America’s opportunities will be truncated. 
opportunity to refinance student loans. Where is the opportunity to refinance America’s $18 trillion in debt? Mr. Speaker, over the next 10 years, if we do nothing—if we do nothing—as my colleagues propose, if we defeat this rule and do nothing, America will pay $4.7 trillion in interest alone—not a penny of the $18 trillion in principal, $4.7 trillion in interest alone. That is an entire year, in fact, that is an entire year and one quarter of Federal spending wasted on interest. 
These are not academic conversations we are having today, Mr. Speaker. These are decisions about whether we are going to be paying our creditors or investing in America. These are decisions about whether we are going to be paying our creditors or focusing on our collective priorities. These are decisions about whether the budget will balance or whether it never ever, ever will. 
choose balance, and I choose the tough bipartisan decisions that we will have to make together. I choose the tough bicameral decisions we will have to make together. I choose the tough negotiations with the President that we will have to do together. But I will not be a party to mortgaging the future of America one more time. I am grateful that we will consider all of the ideas that are presented here today, and I am confident that balance and fiscal responsibility will rise to the top. 
my colleagues to support this rule and get on to this great debate that we will have. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 163 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee 
on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered; suspending the rules and passing H.R. 216; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 238, nays 180, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Mr. PALLONE, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, and Mr. GARAMENDI changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 180, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight 
Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BUDGET PLANNING REFORM ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 216) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a FutureYears Veterans Program and a quadrennial veterans review, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a Chief Strategy Officer, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 0, not voting 12, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 254, nays 156, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 20, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Perlmutter Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier 
Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Barr Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Capuano Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis Dold Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Foxx Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Green, Gene 
Griffith Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lee Lewis LoBiondo Love Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rigell Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 27. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 163 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 27. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, with Mr. YODER in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
hours, with 3 hours confined to the congressional budget, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget, and 1 hour on the subject of economic goals and policies, equally divided and controlled by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), or their designees. 
control 90 minutes of debate on the congressional budget. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
thank my ranking member on the committee, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ), for his work on our 
budget that we bring forward and the spirited debate that we had in committee. 
10 or 11 weeks to work on our budget and produce this product. 
done incredible work to get us to this point. 
thank Congressional Budget Office Director Doug Elmendorf, who will be leaving at the end of the month. I know the ranking member and I are going to have some words later on about his service, but I want to thank him and his staff for the work that they have done. 
pleased to join my Committee on the Budget colleagues and Conference member colleagues on this side of the aisle to present A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
the district, the Sixth District of Georgia, and across the State of Georgia, truly across this country, individuals are concerned. They are very concerned. Many of them are angry. Most are frustrated about the direction of America. They feel we are adrift, that Washington seems incapable of addressing their concerns, that the Federal Government is getting in the way or impeding the very spirit of the people. The President’s response in his budget? More taxes, more spending, more borrowing, more debt, more stagnant growth, and a budget that never, ever, ever balances. 
American people know this—every dollar that is taken for taxes and every dollar that is borrowed, stealing from the next generation, is a dollar that can’t be used to pay the rent, to buy a car, to buy a home, to send a kid to college, to open a business or to expand a business and create jobs. We think there is a better way. 
report, is our introduction, in which we say this: It is often said that a budget is more than a dry collection of numbers and budgeting more than a mechanical act. With respect to the congressional budget, no one has put it better than the renowned political scientist, Aaron Wildavsky, when he said: 
Taxing and spending, resource mobilization, and resource allocation now take up as much or more time on the floors of Congress than all other matters put together. How large government will be, the part it will play in our lives, whether more or less will be done for defense or welfare, how much, and what sort of people will pay for the services, what kind of society, in sum, we Americans want to have, all these are routinely discussed in budget debates. 
conviction. It seeks to restore fundamental principles of budgeting and governing, to reverse the drift toward higher spending and larger government, to reinforce the innovative and creative spirit stirring among the myriad institutions and communities across this country, and to revitalize the prosperity that creates everexpanding opportunities for all Americans to pursue their destinies. Put differently, this budget resolution expresses a vision, a vision of governing, and of America itself. 
So what is that vision? Mr. Chairman, we believe in promoting the greatest amount of opportunity and the greatest amount of success for the greatest number of Americans so the greatest number of American dreams may be realized, and doing so in a way that demonstrates real hope and real compassion and real fairness without Washington picking winners and losers. 
sense about them, and they understand that something just isn’t right, especially with our debt—very troubling, over $18 trillion. They know that we can’t spend more money than we take in forever. They can’t do it in their personal lives, they can’t do it in their families or their businesses or their communities, and we can’t do it right here in Congress. 
Chiefs of Staff said just a few years ago, Admiral Mike Mullen, the highest ranking military officer in our country, he was asked: What is the greatest threat to national security? The highest ranking military officer in our country asked what the greatest threat was, and he said the national debt because he knows what Americans know, that unless we have economic security, we will never have national security. 
uncertainty of the President’s plan, we think there is a better way. 
the budget in less than 10 years, and we do so without raising taxes. Our budget reduces spending by $5.5 trillion. It stays in balance and sets us on a path to pay off that debt—all of it. 
budget amendment in the House of Representatives—this Congress—something that folks back home just think makes sense. 
We support a strong national defense—providing resources above the President’s number—when taking into account the base defense budget and the global war on terror funding. 
As a physician, I can tell you it is not just harming the health of America; it is harming the economy of America. 
eliminate the Independent Payment Advisory Board, where a board of individuals can not pay seniors’ doctors for caring for them. 
care where patients, families, and doctors are making medical decisions, not Washington, D.C. 
call for fair and simple and comprehensive tax reform to get this economy rolling again and get millions of Americans back to work. 
toobigtofail bank bailouts. We reform Fannie and Freddie. We cut corporate welfare. 
We promote federalism. In fact, a letter sent from Governors across this State recently said: 
Government has passed laws and promulgated regulations that restrict the ability of States to innovate while requiring States to implement and run programs dictated by Federal dollars and Federal rules. 
trade off power and responsibility for Federal taxpayer funds, but we have reached a tipping point where States serve to carry out the wishes of the Federal Government instead of serving as laboratories of democracy. 
So, we give States flexibility—flexibility in programs like Medicaid and nutritional assistance. The States are the ones that know how best to respond to their population. We return control of education to State and local governments. 
We hold Washington accountable, reducing the size of the Federal workforce through attrition, and we support selling Federal assets and unneeded Federal lands. We call for regulatory reform to free up small business and job creation across this land. We require feecollecting programs in the Federal Government to account for that revenue in our own appropriations process so the people’s Representatives can have a say about how that money is spent. 
would end the doubledipping in disability insurance and unemployment insurance. We require ablebodied adults of working age to work in order to receive Federal welfare benefits. 
for doctors and health care providers and employers, and we push back on the executive overreach of this administration. We stop the President’s war on coal. We prevent the carbon tax. We encourage construction of the Keystone pipeline, and we hold the IRS accountable for targeting American taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a positive vision for our country. It will deliver real results for the American people. We responsibly lay out a path for a healthy economy, an opportunity economy— one that opens doors for people, not subjects them to the dictates of Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Chairman, we believe in America, and we believe in Americans. We understand our problems are significant, and we hear the people of this Nation crying out for leadership here in Washington, D.C. 
America will result in a government that is more efficient, more effective, and more accountable—one that frees up the American spirit and optimism and enthusiasm to do great things and meet great challenges. 
We encourage our colleagues and fellow citizens across this country to join us in this exciting opportunity. 
want to start by thanking the chairman of the committee, Chairman PRICE, for conducting the business of 
the Budget Committee in a professional manner. We have sharp differences but have expressed them in a civil fashion. 
respect to the great job the Budget Committee staff has done, both Democrat and Republican, and agree with him on one more thing—and it may be the last thing I agree with the gentleman on during this debate. Dr. Elmendorf, the current head of the Congressional Budget Office, has done a great job, and we are going to have a little bit more to say about that later. 
but I do not believe this Republican budget reflects the values and priorities. It is the wrong direction for America. 
facing some good news, we are facing some bad news, and we are facing some really bad news. 
The good news is the economy is improving. More people are going back to work. In fact, the private sector has added 12 million new jobs over the last 60 months. 
are still looking for work, but the unemployment rate has fallen to 5.5 percent, and trends are good. 
working harder than ever, but their paychecks are flat. This is not a new problem, Mr. Chairman. It is not even a problem in the last 2 years or just the last 5 years. It goes back quite a ways. In fact, as this chart indicates, we have seen a growing gap between worker productivity, which has been rising steadily, and the incomes and paychecks of most working Americans. 
If you look at this chart, it is very 
to the 1970s, and you see these two lines are convergent. That means the additional worker productivity—the hard work of American workers—was translated into higher paychecks and compensation for them. 
saw the great divergence. Worker productivity went up. People are working harder than ever, better than ever, but their paychecks and compensation have been pretty much flat. 
work going? If people are working harder than ever, why aren’t their paychecks keeping track? 
work is no longer going to regular working Americans—people working for a paycheck. It has gone, overwhelmingly, to folks at the top. And I don’t mean just the top 10. It has gone, overwhelmingly, to the top 1 percent of Americans, who have seen their incomes rise dramatically even as everybody else has pretty much been running in place and flat. 
working really hard—harder than ever—is: How can we make sure that 
right after the November election. I remember opening up the newspaper— The Wall Street Journal. There was an oped piece by Speaker BOEHNER and 
said. They said that they were humbled by the opportunity to ‘‘help struggling middle class Americans’’ and to deal with ‘‘wage stagnation.’’ That is what they said right after the election. 
news today for the country is, if you look at this Republican budget, it turns out they were just kidding. This Republican budget is really hard on hardworking Americans and those who are looking hard to find a job. It says, Keep working harder, but you are going to get less. 
It will do nothing to increase paychecks and takehome pay for working families. In fact, it squeezes them even harder and tighter. It will increase the tax burden on millions of families— those in the middle class and those working hard to join the middle class. 
education tax credits. It ends the boost in the child tax credit. Millions of Americans will lose access to Affordable Care tax credits. 
It is not just working families. Students who are working hard to try and get a job are going to find college even less affordable than today. 
loans. It increases the cost of student loans. It starts charging students interest while they are still in college. It cuts $90 billion from Pell—mandatory— and more. 
families. Seniors who have worked hard to secure a healthy retirement are going to see their costs go up immediately. Prescription drugs will cost more. Copayments for preventive health services go up right away. Nursing home care will get much more expensive as they cut $90 billion out of Medicaid, twothirds of which goes to help seniors and disabled individuals. Most of the rest goes to families with kids. And then they turn Medicare into a voucher program that will reduce Medicare benefits. 
squeezes hardworking families, increases the cost of college for students, squeezes seniors—higher costs for them—it is great for those who are already in the top 1 percent. It is great for millionaires. In fact, this budget paves the way for the RomneyRyan plan to cut the tax rate for millionaires by a third. It paves the way. It green lights it. 
If you look at this budget, it is based 
on a failed and unproven economic theory—topdown, trickledown economics—the same old theory, the theory that collided with the real world under President Bush in the 2000s, right? It cut the top tax rate. The theory was 
that benefits would trickle down and lift everybody up. Guess what? Incomes to the top 1 percent went up. Everybody else ran aground. Yachts went up. Everyone else’s boat ran aground. That is what happened. 
went up, Mr. Chairman, but everybody else was running in place or fell behind. 
And here is the thing. While this Republican budget makes life harder right away for hardworking Americans—life will get harder immediately—it also disinvests in our future. It slashes the part of the budget we use to invest in our kids’ education—from early education and Head Start to K–12 and beyond. 
It is a sad day when we start chopping away at the ladder of opportunity in this country. 
It will also devastate the investments our country has historically made in scientific research and innovation, investments that have helped power our economy and keep us at the cutting edge of world technology. 
solution, no answer to the fact that in just a few months, in May, we are going to face a shortfall in the transportation trust fund that will result in a construction slowdown this summer. It does nothing about that in the budget. It says: Oh, we’re going to come up with something after today—in a couple months. 
budget disinvests in America, it is not rhetoric. It is a mathematical reality. 
This is a chart of the share of our economy that we spend on the investment portion of our budget—the investment in our kids’ education, the investment in scientific research like the medical research to help find treatments and cures to diseases like cancer or diabetes or other diseases that plague American families. 
does. It takes that investment budget and throws it off the cliff, to the point that it is 40 percent below the lowest level as a share of the economy since we have been keeping records in the late 1950s. 
GI Bill. We invested in our infrastructure and the National Highway System. We have invested in our kids’ education. This Republican budget disinvests in America. So it cuts all those things. 
cut. It doesn’t cut one single tax break for the purpose of reducing the deficit. Not one penny. Not one penny to reduce the deficit. 
to reduce the deficit; but, yes, let’s cut our investment in education. Yeah, let’s cut our investment in innovation. Let’s not fund the transportation trust fund—but we are not going to cut one 
single tax break for the purpose of reducing the deficit, not for corporate jets, not for hedge fund owners, not one. 
cuts it makes in our investment, the reality is this budget doesn’t balance. It doesn’t balance, not by a long shot, Mr. Chairman. 
to new heights. It claims to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but it uses the revenues and the savings from the Affordable Care Act to claim balance at the end of 10 years. 
chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, said that was kind of a budget accounting that he didn’t think was right. The Heritage Foundation, they called that question as well in comments last time this came up. 
doesn’t account for the almost $1 trillion in tax extenders that our Republican colleagues brought to the floor last fall and are on the way to bringing to the floor now, $1 trillion. If you add that to the deficit, which is real money, it is even farther out of balance. 
Then they go and claim a deficit dividend based on phantom deficit reductions. Here is the number. This is in the 10th year. This is in the 10th year when they say their budget is really in balance by $33 billion. Well, it is not. 
Act revenue, if you take out the Affordable Care Act savings, if you add in the tax extenders costs that our Republican colleagues keep bringing to the floor, you don’t come close to balance, not close, Mr. Chairman. This balanced budget stuff, it just isn’t true. It is just not true. It would make Enron accountants blush. 
I think, Mr. Chairman, most Americans would agree that this budget— cutting tax rates for the very wealthy, while increasing the tax burden on working families, raising the cost to seniors, raising the cost to students, cutting vital investments—will simply stack the deck even more in favor of the very wealthy and the very powerful and make it harder on everyone else to get ahead. 
can do much better, and Democrats will propose a budget that promotes a more rapidly growing economy, with more broadly shared prosperity. That will be the right direction for America. 
Chairman, so much misinformation just presented and we will work through that over the course of the next 3 hours as we debate this bill. 
is the rhetoric that divides the American people. This is a time for the country to come together and solve the challenges that we have. 
in that is the current chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, the past 
chairman of the Budget Committee. I am proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN). 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chairman, I just want to, first of all, tip my hat to the new Budget chairman. It is a very difficult job putting a budget together. I did it for the last 4 years and served in the capacity of the gentleman from Maryland as the ranking member of the Budget Committee for the prior 4 years before that, so I want to thank the gentleman for bringing an outstanding budget to the floor. 
First of all, this is a budget to be 
proud of. This is a budget that makes our country stronger. This is a budget that balances. It is pretty important to note that hardworking taxpayers, the people that elected us here to represent them, they have to live within their means. Well, so should government. That is the basic decision here. 
that are being considered here today, we are basically trying to get the government to get back into the business of being honest with people about our finances. 
Our government is making promises to people in this country that it knows it can’t keep. That is dishonesty. What this budget does is it puts our budget back on track so that the government can keep these promises, the promises that people are organizing their lives around. 
and the President’s budget says is just keep raising taxes; tax more. Oh, by the way, that is not enough. Then we need to borrow more and spend more. 
That seems to be the path to prosperity, according to them, and look at where we are, highest poverty rates in a generation. Our economy is growing below 2 percent in most cases, below 3, which is what we were supposed to be growing at. The gentleman, I just listened to his rhetoric. He says this slices, this slashes; we are chopping away at opportunity. 
Here is what this budget does. Instead of increasing spending, on average, like the President’s budget does at 5.1 percent, it does it at 3.4 percent. We are saying let’s get the government to live within its means. 
Government spending will still increase, on average, 3.4 percent a year, instead of 5.1 percent a year. I guess that is the difference between whether people can live the American Dream or not, whether we are slashing or chopping or doing all these horrible, awful things to people. 
overheated rhetoric. The problem is we have got to balance the budget. We have got to get this debt under control. 
We see the storm clouds on the horizon, and what this budget does is it gets government to be honest with the taxpayers that give us this money in the first place so that we can meet these priorities honestly and balance the budget and get this debt on the 
people more of their own money so that they can make decisions on what is right for their family, instead of having Washington run it all. 
like to say as I get carried away on the rhetoric. The CBO is an agency we use quite a bit here, and the Congressional Budget Office is a very important government agency that gives us all of our cost estimates. This budget is written on their estimates. 
For the last 6 years, we have had a 
Director at the Congressional Budget Office by the name of Doug Elmendorf, who has done an outstanding job as Director of the CBO. I have worked very closely with Dr. Elmendorf and with CBO in my prior capacity. He was a Democratic appointee, but the CBO Director is supposed to call the balls and the strikes and play it fair. Doug Elmendorf has done that. 
record, Mr. Chairman, that we wish him well. He is leaving at the end of the month. We wish him well. We thank him for his service. We thank the Congressional Budget Office for all the hard work that they put in so that we can be here on the floor with these budgets, and we wish him great success in the future in whatever it is he chooses and thank him for his service to this House, to this Congress, and to our country. 
this is an outstanding budget that deserves our support. Don’t buy all the hype you are hearing from the other side, and pass this fantastic Price budget. 
former chairman and his remarks. The reality is that the President’s proposal and the Democratic proposal, we don’t increase tax rates; but, yes, we do get rid of some of the tax loopholes in the Tax Code that are riddled with preferences that are there not because they make America more productive, but because someone had a powerful lobbyist who was getting a special interest break for them. 
If you think about it, if the government provides a grant of $1,000 to somebody, that is $1,000 in value; but if I say to you, Of the taxes you have to pay, I am going to give you a special break so it is $1,000 less, that is a pretty good deal, too. 
according to the Congressional Budget Office, each year on tax expenditures, more than on Social Security. Now, some of those are for good purposes, good public policy purposes, but some of them are for like corporate jets, and some of them are for hedge fund managers. 
can get rid of some of those tax breaks 
Our colleagues would just prefer to devastate our investments in education and other areas, 
Math is math, to the former chairman. The reality is—and he knows it— that the portion of the budget we use to make these investments, the Republican budget does absolutely cut that to 40 percent below the lowest levels of the shared economy since we have been keeping records. That is a fact. 
Another reality is that this Republican budget doesn’t balance unless you are using phony math. 
to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), a great 
I want to add my voice to those who 
congratulate everyone on the Budget Committee, particularly the chair and the ranking member, for their really hard work—and the staff—that we put into this labor. 
shocked. Even though I have been on the Budget Committee for several cycles, I continue to be shocked at how this budget does not reflect what I call democratic values. I mean democratic, not as a Democratic Party, but as our democracy. I believe that our democracy is really at risk when we put forth such a budget. 
the middle class; and, based on the constructs that we have seen in the past, it would raise taxes on middle class families. I am talking about those people earning modest incomes—$50,000 to $75,000 a year—by $2,000 a year. 
the $5.5 trillion, 69 percent of this is on the backs of those who are the most poor and most vulnerable. A lot of people just don’t care that much about poor people; but who do we care about in this budget? 
This budget pulls up the ladder of opportunity from our kids, that next generation that is going to make our economy work. They are doing us a favor by trying to go to college; yet we cut Pell grants in this Republican budget by somewhere around $90 billion. 
It deconstructs our jobcreating infrastructure investment by $187 billion. There used to be a time when the transportation budget was a bipartisan thing; but, in the name of balancing a budget, we even throw these workers under the bus. 
It pulls the lifeline from seniors, disabled, and kids by block granting our Medicaid program and cutting $913 billion, that being a portion of the $2 trillion that we cut from health care, a lifeline, by repealing the Affordable Care Act and all this in the name of a phony balancing of the budget. 
We are going to see a display here at 
some point. I don’t know if you call it the king of the hill, the queenofthe 
hill budget, the priceisright budget— I don’t know—where we are either going to have $94 billion or $96 billion in a slush fund, the overseas account that is $36 billion, $38 billion above what the generals and the President say they need for war. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
entitlements that we spend through the Tax Code for gas and oil subsidies, jets, hedge fund managers. There is talk in this budget of eliminating the estate tax. Millionaires and billionaires are benefiting tremendously on tax income from CEO pay. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has again expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
I agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin. Don’t believe the hype. This is not a democratic budget, as Americans have come to know it. 
Chairman, this appears to be a common theme, moving forward with this rhetoric that is hyperbole and dividing American against American. It is just not positive. It is not what this Nation needs. 
that it is all about math. Math is math. And he is right. 
We now spend about $12,000 per American every single year, and we collect about $10,000 per every single American each year. It doesn’t work. 
What does it get you? This is what it 
gets you. This is the debttogross domestic product ratio, the debt since 1940 of this country until 2015. The red line is where the debt is going. This is the President’s plan. This is the Democrat plan right here. That is what will crush this country. Our friends want to stick their heads in the sand and ignore that. This is what destroys lives. This destroys every American. 
We stand for all Americans. We believe that having a balanced budget for a stronger America is the way to solve these challenges. We believe it is important to save and strengthen and secure the programs that are so vital for the American people. 
I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the 
the vice chairman of the Budget Committee who has been working diligently on this from the very beginning. 
for his hard work. I thank all of my Budget Committee colleagues for their hard work. 
work—it continues to be—to have this honest conversation with the American people. 
opportunity for Americans to build better lives for themselves and their families, not for the Federal Government to attempt to provide that better 
life because, Mr. Chairman, after 50 years of the War on Poverty, for example, we know that the Federal Government can’t do the job. 
Certainly, Mr. Chairman, for the committee, it is not positive and not right either. It is just plain wrong. 
what is hard work? Getting the competing priorities and a continuing usurpation of our limited moneys in terms of our mandatory spending and getting a budget to balance in 10 years. Yet again, this Budget Committee and this House of Representatives has a plan to do it and, unlike you have heard, to do it honestly. 
Mr. Chairman, what is easier to do is to never balance, and this chart shows that. The President’s budget never balances, ever. 
that you can’t start paying down the $18 trillion of debt that we have with another $100 trillion on the way until you first count the balance. We do that in a responsible, honest way. We don’t try to do it in a year. We do it in a responsible, logical 10year window. 
like an aircraft carrier, Mr. Chairman. You have got to turn it, and you have got to turn it decisively, but it doesn’t turn on a dime. And that is what we show here. That is what we do here. Again, it is hard work. 
earlier, because, as time goes on, more and more of our over $3 trillion worth of spending per year is spent on programs that are eventually going to bankrupt us if we don’t reform them. If we don’t strengthen them and save them for future generations, no one will be able to take advantage of Medicaid, of Medicare, of Social Security. 
those programs—especially Medicare and Social Security—but on average, we only put about 30 percent into them, Medicare, for example. And that 70 percent delta goes on the backs of our children and grandchildren, a lot of whom haven’t yet been born. Talk about taxation without representation. 
have the ability, and we on the committee have had the honesty to have this direct, forthright conversation with the American people, frankly, now for 5 years. The worst thing we could have done is to turn tail and run and not have this honest conversation. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
ago when the new crew came in. We continue to do it. And I am encouraged, Mr. Chairman. I think the American people see the light. They see that unless we correct and reform this mandatory overspending, no one can be helped. We can’t have Americans building better lives for themselves and 
them more dependent on the Federal Government, and in doing so, more and more people will be hurt. 
fund to fight the global war on terror, to keep our troops safe and effective. That is an important fund. I wouldn’t call that a slush fund. And I wouldn’t call dependency on broken programs good or positive either. 
Republicans on the Budget Committee, Republicans in this Congress, I hope all of us eventually will have the courage and ability to not only have 
this conversation with the American people but to start putting this conversation into direct action. 
from Indiana brought up what is called the OCO funding. These are the funds in the overseas contingency operations account for overseas contingencies, like wars and other contingencies that come up. 
The reality is that what the Republican budget does here is create a slush fund out of the overseas contingency account. It sends a signal that we are confused about how we are going to fund our defense obligations, and it is in total violation of what the Budget Committee itself stood for for years. 
the 2015 Republican budget. It is just a year ago, but we have got real amnesia among our Republican colleagues. 
backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process; 
oversight responsibilities with respect to the use of the OCO; 
The Budget Committee will oppose increases above the levels the administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out operations unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such amounts are warrelated. 
colleagues put it in their report. It is like, ooh, didn’t mean it. 
So I am really baffled that our colleagues keep bringing this up. It is a total violation of what the Budget Committee has always stood for on a bipartisan basis. 
gentlelady from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of 
the Small Business Committee and a great friend to entrepreneurs around the country. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. I thank the ranking member for yielding. 
budget that will cut the legs out from under our Nation’s small businesses. This budget would mean $10 billion of cuts to initiatives that foster small business growth. Taken together, these reductions would mean 190,000 fewer jobs created. 
the SBA’s entrepreneurial development centers provide critical training and 
guidance; yet this budget would shortchange those programs, removing local resources that allow small businesses to take root and grow in our communities. Nationally, Small Business Development Centers and Women’s Business Centers would see cuts of $195 million. This would mean 16,000 fewer small businesses are able to launch, while 150,000 existing small companies would be deprived assistance that speeds their growth. 
firms need capital to expand. Sadly, this budget also undermines credit programs. New York City alone would see a $22.5 million reduction in microloans—microloans. Do you know that 62 percent of microloan borrowers are women, lowincome women with a default rate of less than 3 percent? Shame on us. This lending helps the smallest businesses create opportunity in economically stricken communities. So it only makes sense that this budget, which targets the most vulnerable, would slash this program too. 
other ways. For many small businesses, having the Federal Government as a customer can mean significant revenue and job creation opportunity. Under this plan, small business contract awards would be reduced by $142 billion, lowering job creation by 2.1 million positions. New York City companies would lose out on $3.6 billion worth of Federal work over the budget period. 
position themselves as small business champions. However, supporting small firms takes more than lip service. It requires wise investments in programs promoting entrepreneurship. This budget slashes those programs, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. 
Chairman, I was amused by my friend from Maryland’s comments about the global war on terror fund, understanding that in 2015, 2014, and 2013, for those fiscal years, he voted for the appropriations bills that included the defense money and the OCO money. In fact, the levels were $91.9 billion, $91.9 billion, and $98.7 billion that the gentleman voted for. 
will yield to the gentleman later if I have time. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), my friend and a member 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
budget under the ominously growing shadow of unprecedented debt that has literally doubled in the last 8 years. 
With crushing debt comes ruinous interest costs that the CBO warns will exceed our entire military budget within the decade on our current trajectory. The budget produced by Chairman 
meets our current defense demands by adding additional money into the war account. But I would reassure the ranking member that it funds that increase through a concomitant decrease in other spending. That will hold us on a trajectory to balance the budget in less than 10 years and then begin paying down the unprecedented debt that this administration has run up. 
opposition from socalled defense hawks who want the extra spending for defense, which this budget provides, but who don’t want to go through the fuss and bother of paying for it. And therein lies the problem. 
This is not just a 1year increase. Because it increases defense spending without making other cuts, it changes the overall spending trajectory over the next 10 years. 
matter. This adds more than $20 billion to our total spending this year, and it, in effect, repudiates the budget plan for additional reductions next year. On this new trajectory that these budget hawks would set, there will be no balanced budget in 10 years, even if we enacted every other reform called for in the budget and maintained all other departments within these constraints. 
After 10 years, we will still be running deficits of nearly $100 billion a year, and interest costs will have eaten us alive. That is why it is so important to pass the budget intact, without the amendments being proposed. 
defense hawks claim to defend our country when our credit is shot and our debt service is approaching $1 trillion a year. They forget that in the spring of 1945, carrying a debt proportional to the one we have today, there was serious doubt over whether we could continue to conduct the war for another year. 
Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullin warned that in his professional military judgment, the greatest threat to our national security is the national debt. He made that warning 5 years and $4
bankrupt themselves aren’t around very long because before you can provide for the common defense, you have to be able to pay for it, and the ability of our Nation to do so is coming into grave doubt. The Budget Committee’s budget offers us a very narrow path out of debt while continuing to fund our military at the requested levels, and its adoption, intact, is indispensable both to our shortterm and to our long term defense needs. 
choice before us: pay for the needed increases in defense by reducing other 
spending, or refuse to pay for those increases and sacrifice the longterm security and prosperity of our country on the altar of instant gratification. 
history are those attributed to Louis XV, ‘‘After us, the flood.’’ Let that not be the epitaph of this Congress. 
you actually made exactly my point in your remarks. I did support the OCO money—again, this is for overseas contingency operations—at the level requested by the President and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, our military commanders. It was higher a couple of years ago because we had tens of thousands more troops in Afghanistan. The gentleman may recall that we brought a lot of those troops home. As a result of that, we don’t need as much money in our war account, the overseas contingency account. 
So what I did, Mr. Chairman, is exactly what our Republican colleagues on the Budget Committee said we should do at that time; in other words, I opposed increases above the levels the administration and military commanders said were needed to carry out those operations. Yes, I did support a budget level at the level the President and our military commanders said was necessary, but as Mr. MCCLINTOCK said, 
the Republican budget does just the opposite. It does what we said we would not do—and I say ‘‘we,’’ Republicans and Democrats alike. So it is important to heed our own words; otherwise, as the Budget Committee itself said, we will undermine the integrity of the budget process. That was the point Mr. MCCLINTOCK was making as well. 
I now yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO), the 
ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. He is somebody who knows we have to fund the modernization of our country’s infrastructure. 
depart from a little bit of the acrimony, the acronyms, the magic asterisks, and the end runs. Let’s be concrete. So let’s talk about infrastructure investment and what the Republican budget would do. 
We fall off a cliff the end of May, and if we don’t put up $10 billion, many States will cancel projects this summer. That is not the subject of this budget. This budget is for next year. 
term? They are going to reform the highway trust fund. Oh, thank you very much. I appreciate that. They are going to limit expenditures out of the fund to future income. We have been supplementing it from general funds because the income is not adequate, but they are going to say: No. No more general funds. You live on the income. 
in this budget put forward by these people, there would be a 99 percent cut 
in State funding. Yes. No, I’m not exaggerating, 99 percent. Because basically the money is paying for past obligations, past projects for the States. When the States finish a project, they get reimbursed. While they are building it, they don’t. So under their budget in fiscal year 2016, your State Department of Transportation will get 99 percent less Federal funds. That kind of has a pretty big impact in some States here. If you are in a bright yellow State, you are over 70 percent, depending on the Federal funds; if you are in a green State, 50 to 69; and a light green, 30 to 49. 
that the chairman of the committee, Georgia, they would get $1.1 billion less. Now, I guess Georgia doesn’t need the money. The roads, the congestion around Atlanta is not a problem. The Speaker’s State would get $1.2 billion less under this budget; California, $3.2 billion less, the majority leader; and Louisiana, the whip, $619 million less. These are facts. That is the actual impact of their proposed budget. It digs a hole so deep we will never get out of it. 
their reform of the trust fund? Well, actually, unless we pass a longterm bill with new funding, which they are quite resistant to thus far, it would mean 30 percent less funding than today for all States and a 60 percent cut in surface transportation. 
147,000 bridges that need repair or total replacement. Forty percent of the surface on the National Highway System is in such bad condition it has to be dug up—not just resurfaced, no, major work—and a $75 billion backlog in transit systems. Our legacy systems in our major cities are so obsolete, they are killing people. Right here in the Nation’s Capital, people are dying unnecessarily because they can’t afford to bring in modern cars without the Federal partnership. 
the committee, and we heard from the Governor of North Carolina—red State, red Governor—the mayor of Salt Lake, and the transportation director from Wyoming. They all say the Federal partnership is absolutely critical, and you are going to reduce it to 1 percent. 
Chairman, I would note for the gentleman that if he reads the budget resolution, we accommodate for appropriate funding for infrastructure and for highways in section 510. With a deficitneutral reserve fund, that means that we actually accommodate for paying for it, for transportation and for infrastructure, because we believe it is a priority. We believe it is a priority for the American people. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), a member of 
Chairman, for the diligent work on the Budget Committee and the leadership 
this country was built on a strong work ethic. This budget provides a framework to create work requirements for ablebodied, workingage adults receiving Federal benefits. 
Some may ask, Why work requirements? In 1996, President Clinton, a fellow Arkansan from my hometown of Hot Springs but from across the aisle, said: Today we are taking an historic chance to make welfare what it is meant to be: a second chance, not a way of life. The goal of workforce requirements on ablebodied, working age adults is simply to give Americans a hand up, not a hand out. 
Mr. Chairman, we should be concerned about the negative effects these Federal benefit programs are having on our American work ethic when we review the data. The maximum an individual can earn and still receive government assistance under some programs, according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, is only $1,000. 
States, individuals can make more on government assistance than by working an 8hour, $8perhour job. In six States, government benefits pay more than a $12perhour job; and in eight States, government assistance pays for more than the average salary of an American teacher. 
expansion was accepted, 40 percent of the ablebodied, workingage adults receiving 100percentfunded Medicaid had zero income. By adding workforce requirements for ablebodied, working age adults in the Medicaid population alone, this budget establishes a blueprint for work requirements that will result in savings by 2022 of up to $376 billion federally, with an additional $170 billion saved at the State level. 
clear during a 1935 address to Congress that these programs were not intended to be an entitlement but a temporary aid to those in need. He said: 
the evidence immediately before me, show conclusively that continued dependence upon relief induces a spiritual and moral disintegration fundamentally destructive to the national fibre. To dole out relief in this way is to administer a narcotic, a subtle destroyer of the human spirit. It is inimical to the dictates of sound policy. It is in violation of the traditions of America. Work must be found for able bodied but destitute workers.’’ 
President Roosevelt before him promoted are more important now than ever before as we find ourselves in a fiscal crisis created by dependence and entitlement. President Clinton reminded us in 1996 that this is not the end of welfare reform, this is the beginning, and we all have to assume responsibility. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
incentivizes work, not dependence. This budget reduces spending growth instead of growing government. This budget moves us in the right direction. 
of the aisle to assume responsibility by voting for this balanced budget for a stronger, working America. 
Mr. Chairman, actually, this Republican budget strips away provisions that are in existence today to make work pay. Child tax credits for working families, they get rid of the bump up. They get rid of the enhanced earned income tax credit for working families. As I said, they get rid of the higher education deduction for families so that they can send their kids to school. 
I also want to say a word about the 
transportation trust fund, because as the ranking member, as the senior Democrat on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee just pointed out, this Republican budget has no provision inside the budget numbers for 
dealing with the crisis we are going to face in a few months. 
mentioned the deficitneutral reserve fund, section 510. I am looking at it now. Deficitneutral reserve funds can play an important role in signaling a policy direction. After all, these are 10 year budgets. I would understand if we didn’t know exactly what we were going to do with our transportation trust fund 10 years from now or 9 years from now, but we are talking about 1
months from now. We are talking about in the first year of this budget. In the middle of May, we are going to see a construction slowdown. 
Now, the Democratic budget alternative, we have a plan. The President put forward a 6year plan, $478 billion. It is included in his budget numbers. It is not like, okay, a little asterisk, we will figure this out in a month and a half. The President makes sure we don’t have a shortfall, and, actually, he says we need to modernize our infrastructure so we can compete in this global economy. 
to put forward a budget where it doesn’t even provide any solution to something that is going to face us in a month and a half. 
to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a terrific member of the 
to be made, there is no question about it, as I am quoting from the gentleman from California. 
choice. Look at this. This is what you tried to do to the American people 
created. Then the next 8 years when we dropped the tax rate down from 39.6 to 35 percent for those most affluent, we didn’t gain anything. In fact, we lost 463,000 jobs. You want to try this again? We are not going to try it again. You want to talk about dead on arrival? Those are your words. This is dead on arrival. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this budget. Forget about the trillions of dollars worth of cuts to programs that help people with low or moderate incomes. Forget about the tax increases that hit the middle class and working poor so that some millionaires and billionaires can squeeze a little more from the stone. Forget about repealing ObamaCare for the 56th time, taking affordable health care out of the hands of 16 million Americans, leaving them with nothing and not having the guts to tell them what is going on. Forget about all of that. 
document is that even with all the draconian spending cuts and with all the tax increases I just described, at the end of the day, it still doesn’t balance, as the ranking member, just a few moments ago, said over and over again. 
complete and total repeal of the Affordable Care Act, continues to assume that the law’s $2 trillion revenue increases and Medicare savings—it assumes that. We will do away with the bill, but we will keep the money. I don’t know another way to put it. 
When we get to taxes, the budget assumes that revenues remain unchanged for the current law. Yet you, yourself— you, yourself, Mr. Chairman, I have a great deal of respect for you, Doctor— you stated explicitly through the Chair that you don’t think we should be using the current law baseline. You said that, I didn’t. 
in unpaidfor tax breaks. You all voted for that. They weren’t assumed in the current law baseline. This year, we have already passed $100 billion in unpaidfor tax cuts. Where is this money coming from? We are the taxandspend Democrats. You folks know better than that. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Thank you. Two hundred billion dollars more 
have been reported out of Ways and Means. And tomorrow, we are going to report out another $300 billion tax cut for Paris Hilton, Ivanka Trump, and others fortunate enough to be left a nice inheritance. That is what you are going to do tomorrow. 
be assuming that your majority will shortly pass a trilliondollar tax increase to offset these unpaid for tax breaks and abide by his budget’s revenue assumptions. 
this budget. It is simply not worth the paper it is printed on. 
to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members of the body in the second person. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
highway trust fund that was referenced. My colleague from Maryland stated there is nothing in this budget that will deal with the problem that is about to occur in a month and a half. And he is right. This budget deals with fiscal year 2016, which begins in October. 
The good news, Mr. Chairman, however, is that in last year’s budget, FY15 budget, which addresses this year, this current year that we are in right now, we also had a proposal to be able to provide for a deficit neutral reserve fund for transportation, which was used previously for MAP–21. So a path to how we are able to actually solve 
I am so pleased to yield 3 minutes to 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the House Republican fiscal year 2016 budget resolution, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
At a time when our Nation is grappling with over $18 trillion in national debt and an uncertain economic future, now more than ever Washington must learn to live within its means. Washington’s spending problem is one that cannot be taken lightly. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen, the ‘‘single, biggest threat to our national security’’ is our national debt. House Republicans are working to confront this issue head on. 
tackle Washington’s spending addiction by reducing Federal spending by $5.5 trillion and balancing the Federal budget in less than 10 years. This is a sharp contrast to President Obama’s budget, which never balances, ever, despite the President’s continued insistence on raising taxes. 
programs like Medicare and Social Security in a fiscally responsible way so that we can fulfill the promises we have made to our Nation’s seniors. 
priorities is providing a strong national defense. This budget boosts defense spending above the President’s levels so we can ensure a strong, safe, and secure Nation. 
ObamaCare in full, including the law’s taxes, regulations, and mandates that are crippling hardworking Americans and small businesses nationwide. 
We also empower patients by repealing the President’s Independent Payment Advisory Board, an unelected, unaccountable board of bureaucrats charged with making patient’s health care decisions. 
step forward for our Nation. It seeks to address our Nation’s debt crisis while also supporting the programs that are critical to our national and economic security. 
we have previously pointed out, this Republican budget keeps the revenues from the Affordable Care Act even as it claims to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Without that level of revenue, along with other savings, it doesn’t come close to balancing. No accountant would certify this Republican budget close to balance. 
to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), a terrific member of the committee and someone who is an expert on all sorts of issues, including health care. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the ranking member. 
is a collection of $5.5 trillion of devastating cuts to both mandatory and nondefense discretionary programs. 
we need to treat the budget like we do American families: when you can’t live within your means, then you have to figure that out. The problem is, this is a budget that actually takes away those means. If we are going to talk about entitlement reform, you have to provide an investment and actually create jobs and create opportunities to have careers and meaningful wages. 
really hope that my Republican colleagues, when they vote for this budget, will you really know what you are doing and what these numbers mean for hardworking American families? Because I know what the budget does and how it impacts them. 
fewer New Mexican children are going to have access to Head Start. It means 18,700 fewer New Mexico residents are going to receive job training and employment services. It means 59,000 New Mexican students are going to lose access to their Pell grants for college. It means 24,100 New Mexican seniors are likely going to have to pay more for their prescription drugs. And about 431,000—that bears repeating—431,000 New Mexicans receiving SNAP, half of which are children, will be in jeopardy of losing their nutrition support. 
Now, when we think about the budget, we cannot just think about the numbers that sit on a piece of paper. We need to think about the human meaning behind the numbers. We need to think about the child that will go hungry, the student who can’t afford to pay for college, and the seniors who 
won’t be able to pay their medical bills. We need to invest in economic security for everyone. 
budget and, instead, pass a budget that lifts people out of poverty, invests in hardworking families who have been left behind by the economy, and that provides for shared prosperity. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ), a senior member of the 
on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the Federal debt in this country stood at $10.6 trillion. The Federal debt today, as we stand here today, is over $18 trillion. That is an increase of over 70 percent during his tenure. 
the GDP. In other words—let’s put this in context—America owes more money to its creditors around the world than the value of all the goods and all the services that are produced right here in the United States in 1 year. 
unsustainable. In fact, that is not just me saying this. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the CBO, states that our ‘‘high and rising debt would have serious negative consequences for both the economy and the Federal budget.’’ And it certainly does. 
when he said: ‘‘The single, biggest threat to our national security’’ in this country is what?—‘‘our debt.’’ 
faced with two paths right now: one that continues down the path of blissful neglect of our very real budget crisis; or on the other path, one that seeks an honest solution to it. 
The President’s budget would add another $8.5 trillion to our already staggering debt. But despite his $2.1 trillion in new tax increases, in addition, the Obama budget never ever balances. It is a vision that consigns our children and grandchildren to a future of crushing debts and heavy tax burdens. 
hand, is a stark alternative to the past 6 years of reckless spending and failed policies. Instead of everincreasing debt and everhigher taxes, Republicans will balance the budget in less than 10 years without raising more taxes on you. 
is sound, Republicans will strengthen the program by making muchneeded structural improvements to it. 
knows all the answers, Republicans will promote by innovation and also by flexibility for Medicaid, for education, and other programs by restoring local control. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge today all 
Members of this body to stand up to support the budget and to support the American taxpayers, to stand up for strengthening our social safety net, and to stand up for our children and to stand up for our grandchildren, who do not deserve to be handed the bill for our irresponsible spending today. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Republican budget. 
I don’t think that huge disinvestment in education, starting with early education going through K–12, helps our kids in their future. I don’t think that the efforts that strip away a lot of the job training programs help hard working Americans. 
to accelerate economic growth and have more broadly shared prosperity. I would remind my colleagues that the day the President was sworn into office we were losing 800,000 jobs every month in this country. The bottom was falling out. Now we have seen over the last 60 months 12 million jobs created. We have got a long way to go, but we are certainly on the right track. And the President’s budget provides for additional economic growth in a fiscally responsible way. The President’s budget reduces the debttoGDP ratio. The President’s budget reduces the deficit’s share of the economy. 
not do is disinvest in our kid’s education, it does not increase the cost to seniors for prescription drugs and copays for preventive health care, and it doesn’t get away from a lot of the important tax credits and relief for middle class Americans and those working to join the middle class. So, no, it does not do that. 
Now I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN), who knows a lot 
about the importance of economic growth, especially as it relates to small businesses, a distinguished member of 
reflection of our priorities. The choices we make about how to invest and spend have an impact on our American families. We must make it easier for hard working Americans to own a home, to send their kids to college, and to have a secure and enjoyable retirement. 
we invest in our Nation’s ports, which create goodpaying American jobs and sustain American businesses. Providing our ports and waterways with the funding and support they need is a high priority for me, and one that is shared by many of my colleagues, especially the almost 100 members of the bipartisan Congressional PORTS Caucus. 
expansion of the Panama Canal, which will impact international trade and shipping routes. 
however, does just the opposite. Cutting funding for programs that support American commerce is both shortsighted and harmful to the competitiveness of American businesses. 
I applaud the Congressional Progressive Caucus budget because it fully meets the targets we set in the 2014 WRRDA bill for the harbor maintenance funding, using more of the revenue collected at our ports for its intended purpose of maintaining and improving ports and navigation channels. 
maintenance trust fund is selffunded. This is not new spending or new fees. Shippers already pay this tax to fund improvements that Congress is refusing to authorize. 
$9 billion in fees that America’s ports have collected; but unless we act, these funds will not be used as intended, which is to improve our ports. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. HAHN. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting a budget that returns this tax back to the ports, where it is collected. 
of 86 Members who signed the letter, which Congressman BOUSTANY and I 
sent to House appropriators last week, calling for the harbor maintenance trust fund funding to be at the WRRDA level. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
her comments because she is absolutely right. The budget is about priorities, and the priorities that we have in our budget, we believe, address in a very responsible way the challenges that we face in this Nation. 
you look at where his budget would take us, it is debt. This, again, is the chart that demonstrates the debt that this Nation has held since 1940. That is the dark area here. You see the debt has increased since this President came into office. It is at virtually the highest level it has been since World War II. 
the Democrats’ path go in their budget? Higher than ever before—ever before—that is their plan, apparently. It is what their budget outlines. It is what the President’s budget outlines. 
means is the interest on the debt, paying the debt service. Everybody knows what interest means. They pay it on their credit cards. They pay it on their home mortgages. They pay interest when they buy a car. That is money that you pay just to be able to borrow 
the money that you are using for whatever it is. 
debt, when we get to numbers not too far away, consumes the entire Federal budget. That is what we are talking about. In a very short period of time, within the budget window of this 10 year period of time, interest on the debt rises to over $1 trillion a year. 
on defense. That is more than the amount spent on Medicare. That is more than the amount spent on Medicaid. That is more than the amount spent on education. All of the priorities that the American people have is going to be spent on interest on the debt. 
That is why we believe it is a moral 
question. Are we going to leave our kids this kind of debt? Are we going to destine them to a life that has no opportunity, to have them be servants to the Federal Government just to work so they can send their tax money to Washington to pay the interest on the debt? 
the America we want to leave our kids and our grandkids. I don’t believe it is the America that our friends on the other side of the aisle want to leave our kids and grandkids. 
That is what the President’s budget does. That is why we are so excited about A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America, a budget that puts us on a path to balance within less than a 10 year period of time and that saves $5.5 trillion. 
no; it really doesn’t get to balance. Even if you conceded that—and I don’t—our goal is to get it to balance. Theirs never does. It is more and more and more borrowing, more debt, more taxes, more spending. It is not what the American people want. 
What we need to do is to come together and address these challenges that we have in a positive way, in a real way, in an honest way, and get real results for the work that we do here. 
budget does. It lays out a positive path, a path of real solutions, one of saving 
and strengthening and securing Medicare and Medicaid, one of tax reform that actually works to get this economy rolling again so we can grow the economy in this country and put people back to work. Those are the positive things that this budget does. 
They are important. We protect those programs. We actually make them work better for the individuals who are receiving those moneys, and we encourage them, in a moral way, to better their lives and get back on their feet. We assist them in getting back to work. 
Chairman, positive solutions. It is A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. I reserve the balance of my time. 
As I said at the beginning of this debate, the one thing that the Republican budget, unfortunately, will do immediately is make life harder for hard working Americans. How does it do it? As I indicated, it actually increases the tax burden on working Americans— middleincome Americans and people working their way to the middle— while providing another tax rate cut for folks at the very top. 
than ever and feel that they are just on a treadmill, it doesn’t help them at all. In fact, they are going to move farther behind, in addition to the fact that they are going to pile more costs on to students by increasing the cost of student loans. 
are going to start charging you interest while you are in college. They are going to start charging seniors with high prescription drug costs even more because they are going to reopen what is called the prescription drug doughnut hole. I don’t know how that is good for seniors in America. 
It is hard on seniors, hard on students, hard on working families. 
President’s budget, meets those priorities. For example, working families are facing huge childcare costs, so we propose a significant expansion of the child independent care tax credit. We make it a little bit easier for those families who are working but who want to make sure their kids have quality childcare. We make it easier for them by providing them a significant tax credit for that cost. 
scale back the marriage penalty so the second worker doesn’t begin work at the same higher tax rate as the first worker in the household. That is the kind of important relief we provide to middle class families and to those working to join the middle class. 
rid of some of the important provisions that are already there to help those families, but our budget does this in a fiscally responsible way. As we have seen, the Republican budget doesn’t balance, not by a long shot. 
remarks. I am going to quote the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Mr. ENZI, who said: 
One of the problems I have had with budgets that I have looked at is that they use a lot of gimmicks. Now, when there was anticipation that ObamaCare would go away and that all of that money would still be there, that is not realistic. I would like to see us get to real accounting with the budget. 
this budget assumes the revenue from the Affordable Care Act at the same time it repeals the Affordable Care Act. 
What the President’s and the Democratic budgets do is put us on a fiscally 
GDP ratio and doing it in a way that improves economic growth and provides for more shared prosperity, not a budget that provides another round of tax cuts for folks at the top with the hope that somehow it is going to trickle down and lift everybody up. 
these areas is someone who is both a member of the Budget Committee and the Ways and Means Committee. 
here, talking about what their priorities are, that we don’t want to load up our kids with debt, that we don’t want to do all this kind of stuff; yet the budget that is put forward by my Republican colleagues is a shortsighted statement that has no view of the future. 
next generation’s in order to supply business and the ultrawealthy with nearterm gains. What has made this country great is the strategic Federal investments in health care, roads, education, bridges, research—the types of investment that build the middle class and America. 
Now, the Republicans say their budget plan balances the budget in 9 years. What they don’t tell you is that they do this at the expense of Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP, Pell grants—everything in the social budget. 
that, when they say they are balancing the budget, they mean we are cutting domestic programs. We are cutting anything that helps hardworking families in this country. 
from the military, not one single dime. They actually want to give the military more than they asked for. Now, despite raising taxes, you would think they could at least cut a dime from the Defense Department. 
glazed over at home in thinking about this, but let me talk to one group of people, to anybody who has a student with student debt. It is the largest debt load we have in this country. We have made our kids indentured servants of banks and of the Federal Government. 
the next 10 years that we will have extracted from students in interest on their loans to give cuts in taxes to the wealthy, to lower the rates, to make it better for the rich. 
loans, those loans can’t be renegotiated. You can renegotiate on your house, or you can renegotiate on anything else, but not on a student loan. When a student and his mother and father or her mother and father sign up for a loan and put their home in the 
who are paying 6, 8, 9 percent—as high as 13—on loans, and they can’t renegotiate them. Is that fair? Is that the future you want, to stick the kids in this country with those kinds of loans? 
In my view, this budget has no humanity and no view of the future for our kids. 
I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), a freshman Member 
Last week, the Government Accountability Office released a report estimating that the government made $124 billion in improper payments during 2014. Wasteful spending like this is one of the reasons the national debt has skyrocketed to $18 trillion today. 
Divided among 320 million Americans, a child born today inherits $56,250 in debt—or $225,000 for a family of four. Americans work too hard to have the government waste their tax dollars. It is time to start our country on a new course. This Republican budget puts America on a more sustainable and responsible fiscal path. 
Medicareeligible residents and over 169,000 Social Security recipients. This budget keeps the promises that have been made to our seniors and to those near retirement age by stabilizing the Social Security trust fund. It also grants flexibility to the States on Medicaid, allowing them to craft their own programs to serve the needs of their States and their local communities. 
This budget also enhances our national security. Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Michael Mullen, said our debt is ‘‘the single biggest threat to our national security.’’ Over 20 percent of it is held by foreign governments. 
budget ends deficits and slows the amount that will have to be paid to other countries. With less spending needed for debt payments, more future funding can go to our national security. 
and creating a better future. This budget addresses our country’s fiscal problems in a responsible way, without raising taxes, and puts our Nation on a brighter path for our children and grandchildren. 
I do want to say a word about the impact on seniors. We have already talked about the fact that the Republican budget will immediately increase the cost to seniors with high prescription drug burdens, it will increase the copays immediately for preventive services. 
Let me just say a word about what it 
will do to seniors who are in nursing homes and other settings that rely on Medicaid. The previous gentleman just mentioned the number of people in his district on Medicaid. Let me just say that seniors and people with disabilities account for 85 percent of Medicaid spending; 65 percent of that spending is to the aged and the disabled, 20 percent to kids. 
Budget Office, the nonpartisan folks, said about the Medicaid cuts of this magnitude in the Republican budget and the impact that they would have on States: even with significant efficiency gains, in other words, even if you imagine that the States are going to somehow come up with incredible efficiencies, even with that, the magnitude of the reduction in spending relative to such spending in other scenarios means that States would need to increase their spending on these programs, make considerable cutbacks in them, or both; in other words, you are just passing the buck down to the States. So they have a choice: either they raise taxes to make sure that folks in senior homes, seniors in nursing homes don’t take a hit, or seniors in nursing homes take a hit through fewer benefits. You just can’t have it both ways when you are cutting $900 billion out of the program that helps seniors and the disabled; right? 
own; we are just going to give you $900 billion less. Any nonpartisan person looking at this would arrive at the conclusion the nonpartisan budget folks at CBO concluded, which is: either States are going to increase their taxes to maintain those services, or those people are going to get less services. That is why this Republican budget is hard on seniors, just like it is hard on students and why it is hard on working families around the country. 
As I said, it is great if you are already at the top; right? If you are a millionaire, you are going to get green lighted for the RomneyRyan tax plan that cuts your rate by 30 percent while increasing the tax burden on working Americans. That is just not right. 
friends on the other side talk about gimmicks. If you want to talk about a gimmick, let’s talk about the President’s budget and what he does for defense. The President comes out and pounds his chest and says: I am a big defense hawk. I think we need to give our defense folks more money—something that we actually believe—to keep this Nation safe, protect us from the threats we have today. The President 
says: Oh, oh, I believe in our budget, we 
will put $566 billion in our budget for defense, in the base defense budget. 
friends on the other side of the aisle know, is that that number is fiction. You talk about a gimmick. The President doesn’t lay out any path at all to deal with the sequester cap, to deal with the law of the land right now that says that that number is going to be $523 billion unless the law is changed, which is why we positively, honestly, sincerely bring about appropriate increases for our men and women who are in harm’s way and defending our liberty and freedom. 
President’s number, went with the President’s number—and the President lays out no path to be able to change the law—that number would snap right back down to $523 billion as soon as the next fiscal year, the next calendar year begins. That is why we believe it is appropriate to lay out that path, to lay out the path to be able to solve the challenge that we have, and we do that in our budget. 
You talk about gimmicks, Mr. Chairman, the President’s budget is full of gimmicks. What it isn’t full of is responsibility, as I mentioned before, increasing the debt beyond where the eye can see. So we have got a positive budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from the great State of Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), my colleague 
on the Committee on the Budget, to talk about the responsible things that this budget can do. 
thank my chairman for yielding me the time. It has been a great privilege to work with Chairman TOMPRICE on the 
rule to the floor, but I was trying to defend a rule that was going to allow all the ideas. Now we actually get to talk about which ideas are the good ideas. That is why I wanted to come down here and speak. 
speak with such passion and conviction on Medicaid, and I share his passion, and I know his conviction to be true. But if we do nothing, interest payments alone are going to be larger than the entire Medicaid budget. We have six different budgets that we can consider down here on the House floor. Three of them balance; three of them never, ever do. 
said earlier. He said: I do not concede any of the discussion from the other side about whether or not this budget balances or not. But the point is at least we are trying. Even if you are right that the numbers don’t work out, even if the economic circumstances change, we have as a goal ending this wasted taxpayer resource, which is interest to our creditors. It dwarfs everything—everything. It is larger than the defense budget. It is larger than the 
Medicaid budget. It is five times larger than the education budget, five times larger than the transportation budget. 
Whatever it is you care about, whatever investments in America you want to make, by failing to commit yourself to a balanced budget today, you are trading away those opportunities. Every dollar borrowed today is a tax increase on children and grandchildren or a benefit cut for children and grandchildren. 
with a deteriorating economic situation, where every year the CBO says we are constraining growth more and more and more, it has been the hardest year since I have been here to balance the budget. Our chairman said: If it is a big challenge, I want it in my committee. And he has done it. 
I have great respect for the ranking member from Maryland and his leadership of that committee as well. We are trading it all away. Balance this budget. Let’s do it together; let’s do it responsibly. But let it not be a question of whether or not we do it; let it be a question of when we do it. We will have that debate together. 
I thank my chairman. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield myself 
points. Again—and we keep hearing that the Republican budget balances— it does not balance. It is interesting that instead of having the priority right now be accelerated economic growth with rising paychecks and rising wages for Americans, our Republican colleagues have made the absolute priority a balance which their own budget doesn’t achieve. 
was brought to the floor just 3 years ago didn’t balance until something like 2047, and yet now instead of having the priority be growing the economy in a way that raises wages for all families, they have got a priority which their own budget doesn’t meet. 
Now, American families who are focusing on their pocketbooks know that from time to time they do borrow to invest in their future. They borrow to buy a home that can go up in value. They sometimes borrow for education because they know that is a good investment. 
right now. We should be investing in our national infrastructure so we don’t become a pothole nation in the days ahead. You know, the chairman of the committee mentioned again the transportation trust fund a little earlier today. 
proposal puts forward in the budget a 6year transportation plan that avoids the shortfall and actually helps to boost our national infrastructure, our investment in roads and bridges and modernizing our national infrastructure, so that we can remain at the cutting edge and don’t fall behind. The Republican budget has no plan more than the 10months plan we have had, and in this budget nothing real at all. 
Now, I do want to say one word about 
what the chairman said about the President’s defense spending and the way the President did it. You ought to know, the President did not put it in the slush fund. He put our base defense needs where they always have been: in the defense budget for the Defense Department. In fact, I was really surprised to hear the chairman say that, because the Republican study group budget—I believe the Republican study group budget represents a majority of Republicans; I am not sure—does it the same way the President did it, in a straightforward manner. They put the funds that the Joint Chiefs of Staff say they need for our base defense needs, they put it in their budget. They do exactly what the chairman said the President was doing in some indirect way. 
that our colleagues keep coming back to this point because it is a total violation of what they, themselves, said, wrote down on paper a year ago, that you shouldn’t be funding our defense needs as part of the ongoing defense budget by putting them in a slush fund for the overseas contingency account when the military leadership says they don’t need that money for that purpose. 
a straightforward manner, in the manner that the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the military leadership said. In fact, it turns out the same way the Republican study group did, but apparently not the way the Republican majority wants to do business anymore. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), the distinguished 
ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services, who understands the impact that the Republican budget decisions are going to have on everyday Americans, including in their pocketbooks. 
for his leadership on the Committee on the Budget. 
As ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services, I would like to express my serious concerns about how this budget resolution undermines our financial stability, protection for American consumers, and the entire housing market. 
financial system was rocked by Wall Street greed and predatory lending. All of our constituents bore witness to an economy where family members lost their jobs, friends were made homeless, and everyone’s savings, no matter how modest, were depleted. In all, trillions of dollars of wealth vanished in the span of a few months. When some of the money returned, it was not shared equally. 
prevent a repeat of this disaster by, among other things, putting in place the tools necessary to prevent bailouts of megabanks and creating an independent regulator solely tasked with defending consumers from financial harm. 
Rehashing failed policies, the Republican budget resolution would repeal these tools and bind the hands of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The Republicans would return us to a system where a company like AIG would once again threaten the entire financial system. The Republicans would return us to a system where lenders can make predatory mortgages to some of the most disadvantaged communities, including communities of color, but that is not all. 
This budget resolution goes even further. It would privatize Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac along the lines of the failed PATH Act, a terrible piece of legislation rejected by everyone—housing advocates, realtors, mortgage banks, academics, and, I might add, a majority of Members in the House. 
Why do we all reject it? We fear it 
would be the end of safe mortgages like the 30year fixed rate mortgage. We fear it would favor only the big megabanks, hurting community banks. We fear that it would further widen the wealth gap in this country. 
flawed foundation that harms some of our most vulnerable communities. I urge that the Members of this House oppose the Republican budget resolution. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ), a very productive member 
rise today in strong support of the Republican House budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
the last several years, the taxand spend policies of this President have made our economy very sluggish. It is a very slow recovery. Our wages are stagnant. Our national debt has increased to more than $18 trillion. This is a 70 percent increase since President Obama took office. And if the President had his way, we would actually add another $8.5 trillion of debt over the next 10 years. 
chart, it shows interest versus other spending. This line right here—net interest—is the one that we should all be very concerned about because this is something that we have to pay for. This is not a line item that we can all of a sudden say: No, we’re not going to pay as much on net interest as we’re going to maybe on defense or education or transportation. This is something that we as American people have to pay because of the interest on our debt. This only gets worse if we don’t do 
President’s budget that increases taxes and increases spending—and his budget actually never, ever balances—we, as Republicans, are putting forward a responsible budget, a balanced budget, and one that I believe is critically important for the future of our country and for the future of our economy. Our budget balances in 10 years. 
chart, it doesn’t take an economist to see which plan will ultimately lead to debt and decline and which plan will lead us to growth and prosperity. 
making payments on our national debt in year 2024, and the President’s budget just digs us deeper and deeper into the hole. 
two sons, Payton and Preston, 13 and 9 years old. We cannot continue to hand them the bill and expect them and future generations to pay for the spending of Washington that is out of control. That is why we have to get to a balanced budget sooner rather than later. 
plan calls for a fair and simpler Tax Code. It ends ObamaCare’s broken promises and strengthens our entitlement programs for current seniors and for future beneficiaries. In light of current threats, this budget also increases defense spending, which is a priority for us, so that our military—our men and women in uniform—can defend this country at a very dangerous time. 
stand together and to show the American people that we are committed to A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America, to starting to pay our debt down to make sure that future generations don’t have to pay for those debts and that we can work together on commonsense reforms. 
this particular budget. I am proudly standing here today in support of that hard work, and I ask my colleagues to support it as well. 
not only does the Republican budget not balance, but it doesn’t eliminate one special interest tax break for the purpose of reducing the deficit. Not one. These are tax breaks that powerful interests have put into the Tax Code over many years. 
our investment in our kids’ education. Apparently, it is okay to increase the cost of prescription drugs for seniors on Medicare, but, for some reason, we are not going to get rid of one corporate tax break for the purpose of reducing the deficit. Those are not Americans’ priorities. 
the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ), someone who understands 
the importance of moving America forward, my colleague and friend and a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
and colleague from Maryland for his leadership on the Budget Committee, and also the Democrats on the Budget Committee. 
tasked at this time of year with developing a budget that lays out our Nation’s priorities and spending, but those priorities really should reflect our values. As hard as it is to imagine—and it is hard—this Price budget resolution is actually worse than the previous Ryan budget for hardworking American families. 
Once again, we see how little Republicans value protecting critical priorities that actually help Americans live a healthy life and enjoy a secure retirement. In fact, the Republican budget would force working families to pay more in taxes. It would make college education less affordable. It would force seniors to pay more for their health care and prescription drugs. It would end the Medicare guarantee by turning it into a voucher program. Lastly, Mr. Chairman, it would block grant both Medicaid and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. 
decimate our Nation’s already crumbling infrastructure by reducing funding by 19 percent over the next decade. If you would imagine that, that means that every road that needs to be repaired, the bridges that are falling apart, the mass transit that needs investing in, this budget would actually cut our spending by 19 percent over the next decade. 
billion from Federal and postal employees and their retirees—hardworking people who have given all that they can to deficit reduction. In fact, that is a constituency that has already contributed $159 billion to deficit reduction. 
are making tax cuts for the wealthy permanent, and they are shrinking the size of government, regardless of the damage—great damage—that it would cause. 
House Democrats, I believe, are investing in hardworking Americans. We have said it is important for us to improve access to highquality child care and dependent care. It is important to invest in quality education for all our children. It is important to end the draconian acrosstheboard sequester cuts. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
budget would protect seniors’ health care and retirement. It would create jobs in America through rebuilding our infrastructure and support jobs by making sure our Nation’s manufacturers get to invest in the research and development that they need. 
colleagues to vote down this draconian Republican budget and support each of the Democratic alternatives. I know I will be voting for them because each of them, even though they are different, would be way better than the draconian budget that has been proposed by Republicans. 
for his leadership. We need to invest in America’s future, including our hard working men and women. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), a member of the Budget 
Mr. Chairman, I just heard the budget described as draconian. I would say that doing nothing, ultimately, is draconian because what the numbers show is that if we do nothing, roughly in 10 years we will be spending about $800 billion a year in interest alone—more than we spend on all of our Nation’s defense. 
indicators that say if we do nothing, we are headed for a train wreck that will have real impact on the very constituencies that my Democratic colleagues were just alluding to. 
having an intense debate, whether it is on the Democratic side or, frankly, even within the Republican family. 
who is really passionate about the need to spend more on defense. We are still working out those wrinkles. But what I do know, in fairness to the chairman and what he has tried to do in managing the different folks that are affected by this budget, is to say: If you are in a hole, you quit digging. And fundamentally, if you look at our Nation’s budget trajectory, we are in a hole that is going to get far worse if we don’t do what the chairman and the committee have suggested. 
much. And yet the President’s proposal is to go from spending roughly around 20 percent of GDP up to 22 percent of GDP, from a historic average of, frankly, around 18 percent. 
going to go in the President’s proposal from spending of around 18 percent to around 20 percent—a little bit over that. That doesn’t sound like much, but you take two points of a GDP in 2025, and you are looking at more than $500 billion—more than, again, roughly what we spend in defense for our entire Nation on a yearly basis. 
we are handing too much debt to the next generation. And we are headed, again, for this unsustainable train wreck. 
country 200 years to accumulate $5 trillion in debt. Under the Bush administration, in fairness to my Democratic 
colleagues, it went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion in the course of about 8 years. And then, under the Obama administration, it has gone from $10 trillion to roughly $20 trillion. 
And the question is: What are we going to do about it? What we can do is what the President has proposed, which is nothing—adding $2 trillion in new taxes, adding $8 trillion in new debt, and going from structural $500 billion deficits to $1.1 trillion deficits. 
about here is ultimately made important by what Admiral Mike Mullen had to say on the subject. When asked what the biggest threat is to the American civilization, his response was the American debt and deficit. 
you look at the numbers, by 2025 we will only have enough money for interest and entitlements, and nothing else, without raising taxes substantially or cutting those benefits that my colleagues have just been talking about. 
I will leave you with one point, and I 
think it is this. Sir Alexander Fraser Tytler studied history for the whole of his life. 
his life and the quote that was attributed to him at life’s end was: A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote 
themselves largesse from the public treasury, with the result that democracy always fails under a loose fiscal policy, and it is generally followed by dictatorship. 
civilizations has been 200 years. These nations have progressed to this sequence: from bondage to spiritual faith; spiritual faith to great courage; great courage to liberty; liberty to abundance; abundance to selfishness; selfishness to complacency; complacency to apathy; apathy to dependency; and from dependency back again into bondage. 
budget is about is avoiding that very bondage that that historian and many others have talked about over the years. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic 
whip, who understands the importance of a growing economy—a growing economy with shared prosperity and a growing economy with fiscal responsibility. 
him for the extraordinary job that he has done as ranking member of the Budget Committee. My friend from South Carolina has 
left the floor. I regret that. He was the Governor of a State. This budget would not have been tenable during his administration or, frankly, the administration of my own Governor, who happens to be a Republican. We have had Democrats in the past. 
of cautions about the path of fiscal irresponsibility and what it would lead to. I agree with him on that, but I will tell him it is indeed unfortunate that, once again, we have a budget that does not put us on a path of fiscal sustainability. We have a budget that is not real. We have a budget that pretends. That is what USA Today said today. 
the budget resolutions offered by the chairman of the Budget Committee, Mr. PRICE, for whom I have great respect. I say budget resolutions, plural, because there are two of them. One was reported by the committee that channels $36 billion into the overseas contingency operations account, disguising it as emergency war funding as a way of getting around the defense sequester caps while offering token language providing about $20 billion to be offset at a later date. 
The other budget was unveiled by Republicans yesterday. It includes an additional $2 billion on top of that $36 billion in overseas contingency operations and removes any mention of paying for this effective negation of the defense sequester. The gentleman from South Carolina referred to devices like that. 
about because Republicans didn’t have the votes for their own proposal yet again. They are offering their Members two options: blow through the defense sequester ceiling by $36 billion or blow through it by $38 billion. 
their either hawkish perspective on the defense or hawkish perspective on the deficit by a vote either for A or for A. 
the cap on the defense side, they continue the cap on the domestic side for this year, before cutting dramatically below that level in future years, mercilessly gutting priority investments in education, job training, innovation, research, and other priorities of this Nation if it is to remain competitive in world markets, if it is to remain a growing, thriving nation. 
in America’s future and our longterm economic competitiveness. This approach is not a blueprint for growth and opportunity for America’s businesses and workers. It is, rather, sadly, a recipe for economic and fiscal disaster in the years to come. 
the next generation or to continue the War on Poverty in this country, we are doing a grave disservice to our children and our grandchildren by not giving them the tools they need to secure the 
never implemented by the majority party at any point in time from this House—forget about blaming Senator REIDor the Senate, they were never 
implemented in this House—Mr. PRICE’s budgets rely on a magic asterisk, hiding the specifics behind over $1 trillion in cuts in order to appear to balance it in its stated goal of 9 years. 
programs Republicans would cut or by how much. That is not being honest with the American people. They would turn Medicare into a voucher program and would take access to affordable health care away from millions of Americans by repealing the Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
mistake. These budget alternatives are political documents that are unworkable and unserious when it comes to governing. 
that rely on sequestration, I have no doubt that the majority will not be able to enact appropriation bills that adhere to whichever version that you will pass. You have not done so in the past, and you will not do so this year. 
They will continue to be, as the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Mr. ROGERS , said, 
Congressional Progressive Caucus, and the Congressional Black Caucus have all put forward alternatives that are far better than these dueling Republican budget resolutions. 
should be done, on both the defense and domestic sides, so that we can make investments in America’s future that are fiscally sustainable. 
two Republican budget alternatives and their strategy of selective sequester. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are reminded to direct all their remarks to the Chair. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
staff for their hard work on this budget. With all the difficulties and complexities in drafting a budget, including inheriting an $18 trillion debt, Chairman PRICE and the committee 
have managed to find savings of $5.5 trillion and to balance the budget in 10 years, all without any new taxes. 
this budget resolution stands in stark contrast to what the President sent us. The President’s irresponsible proposal makes no attempt to balance the budget, leaving future generations with even more debt. Indeed, his plan proposes returning to trilliondollar deficits, leaving a legacy of staggering debt and further eroding our standing in the world. 
told that spending for things you can’t pay for is good fiscal policy and that debts and deficits don’t matter. President Obama believes that maxing out the Federal credit card to pay for government programs and using more of the taxpayers’ hardearned dollars to pay interest on the debt is actually good for our economy. 
buying it. The ‘‘charge now and pay later’’ mentality is no longer affordable. Parents know debt and interest payments add up. They understand that outofcontrol debt cripples their ability to respond to an emergency, for example, when the basement floods or the furnace goes out. 
Mr. Chairman, what is true for American families is true for the Federal Government. Just like working families must do, so must the government. Purchases we can’t afford need to be put on hold until we can afford it; tough choices must be made. 
financial decisions. Do we sign up the kids for Little League, or do we buy the bigger van? The same principle must apply in our government. 
This budget, Mr. Chairman, acknowledges that addressing our debt is a national priority. It puts forth parameters that will force the government to make reforms and live within its means so we can start to address a debt that now exceeds $18 trillion. 
ObamaCare taxes and mandates that are costing small businesses tens of thousands of dollars, cutting into Americans’ takehome pay, and driving up healthcare costs for the American consumer. 
Importantly, Mr. Chairman, this resolution sets the stage for us to pass real healthcare reform that will actually address cost and coverage and help American families in their healthcare choices with more freedom, more choice, and less bureaucracy. This budget respects the rights of conscience for our Nation’s doctors and religious institutions and people of faith. 
leaner, more efficient government that is transparent and accountable to the American people. 
Mr. Chairman, the Budget Committee’s resolution makes the hard choices needed to move the country forward, to make possible increases in our defense budget needed to address the threats in our world, and to set us on a path to a balanced budget. 
this budget doesn’t make tough choices. The Republican budget makes bad choices. It doesn’t cut one single 
special interest tax break in the Code while it makes deep cuts to our kids’ early education. That is a bad choice, not a tough choice. 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a distinguished member of the 
honor my friend from Maryland for his extraordinary and outstanding leadership on a very difficult set of complex numbers and policies known as the U.S. budget. Thank you so much for your leadership. 
budget resolution is incredulously titled ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America,’’ but by every measure, the draconian cuts proposed in this budget would severely weaken America’s innovative advantage and competitiveness. It might as well be called ‘‘Let’s Disinvest in America.’’ 
once a bedrock, a Federal priority that spurred new discoveries that are now vital in our daily lives and the economy. R&D is critical for my northern Virginia district, where the technology community is driving innovation. 
R&D funding by 15 percent, to its lowest level since 2002. That is a retreat from America’s role as the global innovation leader and, essentially, cedes the playing field to our international competition. 
would disinvest in our classrooms. To achieve their ruse of balancing the budget over 10 years, Republicans would cut nondefense spending 24 percent below the already reduced sequester levels. 
into an $89 billion cut over the next decade and would surely leave every 
child behind their international peers. It would also put higher education further out of reach for low and middle class families. America did not ascend to its role as the world’s leading economy by quashing the potential of future innovators and leaders. 
Mr. Chairman, our Republican colleagues are, once again, showing they know the cost of everything and the value of very little. I often hear my colleagues lament that we should run government more like a business. 
should start by listening to the business community which is advocating for us to invest more—not less—in R&D, in education, and in infrastructure for the future workforce of America and the building blocks of a competitive economy. 
These are investments that yield tremendous returns for our families, for our children, for our future; and the Republican budget would eviscerate those pillars of American exceptionalism. 
United States of America and from the National Federation of Independent Business in support of our budget. 
of Commerce, the world’s largest business federation, representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers of commerce, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, appreciates your proposed budget resolution, ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America,’’ which would establish the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
restraining federal spending, correcting the unsustainable growth path of entitlement spending, reducing federal budget deficits, containing the growth of federal debt, and enacting comprehensive tax reform—all goals shared by the Chamber. 
within 10 years without raising taxes through $5.5 trillion in spending reductions, out of a base spending level of $48.6 trillion. The Congressional Budget Office estimated the macroeconomic effects of the proposed deficit reduction and concluded output per person would be 1.5 percent higher at the end of 10 years, which in turn would reduce the budget deficit an additional $147 billion. Such budgetary savings would move the budget from modest deficit to modest surplus by 2024. 
in budget policy that will require sustained debate over many months and, in some cases, years. Over the long term, the budget is a blueprint for restoring fiscal discipline by shrinking the size of government and debt compared to current law. 
step toward a more sensible, more sustainable, progrowth fiscal policy. The Chamber urges the Committee and the full House of Representatives to debate the issues fully and then adopt a budget resolution on a timely basis. The Chamber further urges the United States Senate likewise to meet its responsibility by passing a budget addressing our longterm challenges. The Chamber looks forward to working with Congress on the vital reforms to entitlements and our tax code necessary to get our fiscal house in order. 
DEARCHAIRMAN PRICE: On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organization, thank you for your efforts to address our nation’s fiscal problems in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution. 
years, and includes support for comprehensive tax reform, regulatory reform, and repeal of the Affordable Care Act, is a budget that addresses the top concerns of small 
business owners—our nation’s job creators. NFIB and small business owners strongly support these efforts. 
U.S. tax code is absurdly complicated, patently unfair, and highly inefficient.’’ NFIB members could not agree more and strongly support the inclusion of comprehensive tax reform in the budget resolution. The complicated tax code, which forces small businesses to pay 67 percent more for tax compliance than larger corporations, needs to be simplified. Most importantly, high tax rates continue to be a persistent problem for small business owners. Specific tax concerns account for five of the top ten most severe problems facing business owners. As over 75 percent of small businesses are structured as passthrough entities, lowering individual income tax rates is especially important. Passthrough entities employ 54 percent of all privatesector workers—their tax burden is directly tied to their ability to keep their workers employed. 
on Congress, in consultation with the public, to enact legislation to reform our regulatory system.’’ While regulation is necessary, it must be pragmatic. Unfortunately, federal agencies rarely take into account how their regulations affect small business. Federal regulators should work with small business owners to help ensure compliance, rather than aggressively impose fines for violations that result from confusion. Government regulations rank as the fifth most severe problem for small business owners in the NFIB Research Foundation’s most recent Small Business Problems and Priorities survey. Federal agencies, notably the Environmental Protection Agency and Occupational Safety and Health Administration, continue to demonstrate a lack of understanding of how regulatory proposals impact small business operations. 
In order to provide for meaningful regulatory reform, Congress should eliminate loopholes and clarify language in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) to ensure that all federal agencies take into account, and make public, both direct and indirect costs to small businesses in their rulemaking; expand the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement and Fairness Act (SBREFA) and Small Business Advocacy Review (SBAR) panels to apply to all federal agencies; waive fines for first time paperwork errors and provide small business with a grace period to fix minor violations when the public and employees are not at risk; and make compliance assistance programs a priority, instead of minimizing them in order to provide for the expansion of enforcement programs. 
business owners’ most severe business problem: the cost of health insurance. NFIB members continue to advocate for full repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Thank you for including this provision in the budget resolution. The Affordable Care Act only exacerbates a system of health insurance that is financially unsustainable, threatening the health and financial security of Americans. Small business owners and their employees are especially vulnerable to the weaknesses of the current system. As Congress addresses future healthcare policy, we urge you to put forward reforms to balance the competing goals of affordability, access to quality care, predictability and consumer choice. 
the NFIB Research Foundation, ten percent of small business owners had their personal 
insurance plans cancelled last year, something the President and the law’s supporters promised wouldn’t happen. Twelve percent of owners renewed their old plans early in order to avoid higher premiums and narrower choices, two results that were also not part of the deal. The NFIB survey found that 62 percent of small business owners are paying higher premiums while only eight percent say their costs have dropped. The President’s sales pitch for the law included promised health insurance premium relief for small businesses. Five years later, a substantial majority of small business owners are reporting the opposite result. 
balancing the federal budget. Additionally, according to the NFIB Federal Ballot, 90 percent of NFIB members support a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Our nation’s small businesses are calling on Congress to fix our dangerous fiscal situation without damaging economic growth or raising taxes on job creators. If our longterm fiscal outlook is not addressed by lawmakers today, future generations will continue to be faced with higher debt and interest payments, increased tax rates and fewer investment opportunities. Small business owners must compete in today’s economy while operating within their budgets and so too should the federal government. 
Year 2016 Budget Resolution. NFIB strongly supports its passage when considered by the full House of Representatives. We look forward to working with you on this, and similar measures to protect small business as the 114th Congress moves forward. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. FORBES ), a senior member of the Republican Conference. 
shepherding this budget to the floor and doing such a tremendous job; yet, with the great job he has done, I know it is confusing, probably, to people listening to this debate at home because, throughout today and tomorrow, a lot of very smart men and women are going to come to this floor and argue various debates. 
and everybody sits back down in their chairs, we all know that it is going to come down to two choices. Those two choices are going to be what we refer to as Price 1 or Price 2. 
the difference between those two bills is going to be how much we are willing to spend for the national defense of this country to defend the greatest nation the world has ever known. 
will be clear is not that we will be spending what we need to defend the country, but we will be spending the amount we have to spend to keep from putting our national defense in a crisis situation and a devastating situation to the men and women who serve this country around the globe. 
in the amount of money we will be spending for national defense between Price 1 and Price 2, if the budget were $1, would be equal to half of this penny if I could cut it in two—half of this penny; yet, as small as that may seem, it makes the difference between a crisis in national defense and a devastating situation to our men and women in uniform. 
would like to leave everyone with as they cast those votes is this. It will not be about the men and women in suits who make speeches in here, but it is going to be about the men and women who wear uniforms around the globe because they will fight to defend this country, regardless of what we do. 
them in a crisis situation and a devastating situation. That is why I hope this body will vote ‘‘no’’ to Price 1, ‘‘yes’’ to Price 2, and then, if Price 2 passes, vote for final passage of this budget, which is a welldone document by the chairman. 
just for all Members listening, the last gentleman was talking about the differences between the two versions of the Republican budget. 
I want to point out that the President of the United States funds our defense budget in the straightforward way and in the way that the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff have asked for, funding the base budget as it should be and funding the OCO budget as it should be. 
I now yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the 
ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee who understands that growing our economy depends on our kids getting a good education. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the underlying Republican budget for fiscal year 2016, and I also rise to commend the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VAN 
serious plan. It contains trillions of dollars in tax cuts, but it doesn’t show a dime’s worth of tax increases when they say it is going to be revenue neutral. It includes trillions of dollars in unspecified cuts that will not be made. For example, are we really going to repeal Medicare as we know it? 
If you actually believe that the Republican majority will carry out this plan, it would actually devastate our economy by balancing the budget on the backs of students, workers, seniors, the disabled, and vulnerable communities across the Nation. 
sequestration cuts will be enacted and then adds an additional $759 billion in nondefense discretionary spending cuts. That is the part of the budget that invests in education, workforce training, scientific research, transportation, and infrastructure. With those cuts, the budget would be 
funded at 40 percent below the lowest level in the last 50 years as a percentage of GDP. Those cuts will not be made, but if they are, that would be devastating. 
As the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am particularly concerned about the cuts in education. Education funding would be cut by $103 billion over 10 years. That is a 22 percent cut in Federal aid to teachers, principals, school districts, colleges, and universities. 
title I funding, resources that go to areas of high poverty school districts. It would cut the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which supports educational services and resources for students with disabilities, and there would be significant cuts to Head Start. College students are having trouble paying for tuition, room, and board. Well, this budget cuts Pell grants. 
In the area of job training and employment services, the budget would result in 2 million fewer workers receiving critical support and does nothing to help the longterm unemployed get back into the workforce. 
sends students, families, and workers down the wrong path at this important crossroad. We need a strong budget that reflects the values of all Americans and makes the necessary investments in programs that we know will expand the economy for all. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), the former mayor of the 
work that he has done. The chairmanship of the Budget Committee is one of the most difficult. 
all aspects of funding the Federal Government, balancing our priorities, looking at our financial security, and most of the time, we ask the Budget Committee chairman to produce a budget. In this instance, we asked him to produce two. 
I greatly appreciate that the chairman has produced two. We have what is coming to this floor, Price 1 and Price 2. I am here to speak in support of Price 2, but even beyond that, I am asking people to vote ‘‘no’’ on Price 1. 
‘‘no’’ on Price 1. We can’t pass multiple budgets. We have to have one agenda coming out of this House, and that one agenda is only the difference between Price 1 and Price 2 with respect to how do we defend this Nation. 
Department of Defense and $96 billion in overseas contingency operations funding. It fully funds our national defense. It is the amount that is endorsed 
by Chairman Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Department of Defense. 
It is what he has asked for from this 
House and what he says is necessary in the face of things such as ISIS, ISIL, what is happening in Libya, what is happening with Putin and his aggressiveness. 
just here today and spoke to Members of Congress, and he said we are facing a Russia that is both willing to use its military force, modernizing its military force, and also is not being bound by international agreements. This is only going to be able to be responded to not by force, but by strength, a strength that we must give in this budget of Price 2. 
Army, General Ray Odierno, was before us, and I asked him: What will happen if we go to the sequestration levels? What happens if we don’t fully fund, as in Price 2? He says that it means that it will take us longer to do our mission. It will cost us in lives. It will cost us in injuries. 
Price 2, from the Chief of Staff of the Army, is lives and whether or not we can win and do our mission and whether or not our men and women in uniform are injured. 
enough that people in this Congress need to vote ‘‘no’’ on Price 1 and ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. 
jeopardize our national security and reduce funding for defense anymore. Our men and women in uniform need to have a clear message, and that clear message is that we are behind them. That message only comes by a vote ‘‘no’’ on Price 1 and a vote ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. 
support our men and women. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. 
am now really pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), a terrific member of the Budget 
have been in Congress now 13 years, and I have had many discussions with the chairman over the course of my career, but I am stunned—and I know he won’t be stunned that I am stunned— with the inability of the Republican Party to govern this Chamber or to govern the country. 
I mean, if you just look at Price 1, 
Price 2, the contortions that the Republican Party has to go through in order to meet the basic standard of trying to govern the country is mind blowing—and then to go through all these contortions just so you don’t have to fund the domestic agenda that is going to actually grow the economy in the United States. 
and the Republicans controlled Congress: cut taxes, deregulate, and the economy will grow, and jobs will be created. 
because we failed to make the kinds of investments that we need to make in this country in order to grow the pie. 
to survive a huge economic collapse after that agenda was fully implemented, and we have the average CEO making $296 for every $1 that the worker makes; we have the top 1 percent getting 17 percent of the tax expenditures that this Chamber and this government doles out, and wages have been stagnant. 
I think we have got to go back and 
ask ourselves: How did we grow this great middle class? How did we grow this economy? How did we have the highest standards and the highest wages in the entire world for such a long period of time? We invested in research and development at the National Science Foundation. Now, we are down hundreds of grants from the National Science Foundation. 
money into these programs? India? Pacific rim countries? They are investing in research, development, technologies, alternative energy; and they are beating us to the punch. We are cutting our budgets and some of these programs that ultimately lead to growth. 
These budgets are supposed to provide stability for the government and the private sector. We say: well, we are providing stability, but we will tell you what the tax rates are going to be later. We are going to fund transportation; we will tell you how later. 
in research, educate your workforce, invest in transportation, and make sure that everybody has access to a decent education, and your economy will take off. 
The ultimate contradictions are the deep cuts in the SNAP program, the cuts in the Medicaid, and everyone is supposed to pull themselves up by their bootstraps and go to work, but then we try to raise the minimum wage, and you fight us on that. 
grow this economy. I am sure most Americans would want to go back and say: we will take the Clinton economy; we will take the Democratic budget in ’93, and we will grow the economy where we see every income group increase in the incomes that their families are making. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the chairman for his hard work on this budget. 
of the House Republican budget with the defense fix. Our country needs to 
get back on a responsible financial path, a path that protects our national security, repeals ObamaCare, and reforms our entitlement programs so they are sustainable. 
the rapidly deteriorating security situation we face. Russia has invaded Ukraine. ISIS is spreading. Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons and longrange missiles while actively supporting terrorist organizations around the world. 
launched ballistic missile capability to go with its nuclear weapons program. China is threatening our friends and allies in Asia. This is just a laundry list of bad actors that threaten the very safety of our Nation. 
Meanwhile, President Obama’s foreign policy is a disaster, which puts us at even greater risk. Shockingly, the President is even turning his back on Israel, damaging our partnership with our closest ally in the Middle East. 
Our military has already faced drastic cuts. The Air Force is the smallest it has ever been. The Army is on a path to being the smallest since 1940. The Navy will soon be the smallest since 1915. 
Americans agree that now is not the time to cut our national security spending. Russia isn’t cutting its military budget. Iran isn’t cutting its military budget. ISIS certainly isn’t cutting its military budget. 
supporting this budget by voting ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. This is a vital step in keeping our military strong in the face of dangerous threats around the world. 
am now really pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), a member of the Budget Committee. 
the Budget Committee and the second ranking Democrat, I have seen this budget proposal up close and personal. I have seen the way it has been reshaped over the years, from its early days as the first Ryan budget, to the collection of budget tricks and gimmicks we find before us today. 
and mysterious growth projections, the consequences are clear. This budget hurts American families now and in the future, hitting their pocketbooks and their checkbooks today while disinvesting in our and their future. 
hardworking families who are simply looking for a shot at the American Dream: owning a home, providing their kids with access to a good education, living a healthy life, and being able to save for retirement while their parents enjoy theirs. 
those families, cutting Pell grants by $90 billion and eliminating higher education tax credits. It cuts investment 
in our infrastructure and innovation, leaving us less competitive in the global economy. 
This budget takes more than 16 million men, women, and children off of the health insurance plan they have now, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. People will, again, be denied care because of preexisting conditions. Lifetime caps on coverage return. 
If the Affordable Care Act were repealed, as proposed in the Republicans’ ‘‘work harder for less’’ budget, here is what would happen in my State: more than 500,000 Kentuckians would lose their healthcare coverage. 
that are projected over the next 6 years because of the Affordable Care Act, and the Kentucky budget would miss out on $800 million more in revenue. 
guarantee of Medicare as we know it. Prescription drug costs will go up on day one. Copays will increase. The prescription drug doughnut hole will reopen. 
voucher and sent on their way, told to find their own health plan—ironically, something that very, very closely resembles the healthcare exchanges that our friends on the other side despise so much. 
want. They want us to invest in our people, invest in innovation, and continue our economic recovery by creating new opportunities. 
that, cutting taxes for working families, making college more affordable, health care more accessible, and retirement more secure. 
I urge my colleagues to reject the Republican budget and support the Democratic alternative. 
Chairman, it gives me particular pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), one of the most 
diligent and dedicated Members of this Congress who is a member of both the Armed Services Committee and the Budget Committee. 
much, Chairman. You are a wonderful chairman and have helped us produce a wonderful, responsible budget. 
long way to address the outofcontrol spending problem and crushing debt the administration has fostered over the last few years. Unlike the President’s proposal, though, our budget contains progrowth economic reforms, repeals ObamaCare, and it balances. Most importantly, Price 2 restores harmful defense cuts and provides the necessary resources our warfighters need. 
expanding: ISIL has proclaimed a caliphate in the Middle East, and it is now looking to expand into other countries; Russia is continually making headlines with aggression and invasions into Ukraine and surrounding areas; China continues to build its military as it gains more and more power globally; and Islamic extremism continues to spread to more and more countries. 
are charged with providing for the common defense. Given the size, reach, and increasingly brutal nature of the threats we face, we should feel obliged to make sure that we create a budget that gives our military the tools necessary to address today’s threats and be fully prepared to address the threats of tomorrow, whatever they may be and wherever they may come from. 
the House Budget Committee and the House Armed Services Committee, I am proud that these two committees have come together for Price 2 to provide total defense funding spending above the President’s request. 
Missouri’s Fourth Congressional District is proud to be one of our Nation’s most militaryintensive congressional districts, home of two major military installations—Whiteman Air Force Base and Fort Leonard Wood—and thousands of dedicated military families sacrificing so much to keep us safe. 
necessary to safeguard our liberties and protect our shores is one of the top legislative priorities I have, and I am proud that these resources are provided in Price 2. 
his leadership on this committee and in this process, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. 
think our colleagues can hear that there is an awful lot of confusion and uncertainty among our Republican colleagues about funding our national defense. The President’s budget is very clear. He funds the national defense the way the Joint Chiefs of Staff proposed is best for the country. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee who fights for justice and other really important causes. 
my good friend from Maryland for his leadership consistently that really speaks to the hearts and minds of Americans because we know what Americans want: just a simple opportunity to live, thrive, and to create the values that we have built this country on. If you work hard, you are successful. 
majority side have a very poor track record when it comes to economic forecasts and projections. 
Let me also acknowledge the chairman of this committee for the work that he has done. We just happen to 
was passed, it has been the challenge of Republicans to suggest that it wasn’t working. We have close to 11 million people insured. Some populations who were never insured now have high numbers—citizens who were uninsured. And so the idea of the Affordable Care being a failure, you are just dead wrong. 
I am very glad to support the Democratic alternative because it is the opposite of the Republican budget, which says work harder for less when we know what Americans need and what they want for their families. They want to be able to buy a home; they want to be able to send their kids to college, and they want a secure retirement. Under the GOP budget, it is harder to buy a home, absolutely almost impossible to send your children to college, and certainly harder to enjoy a secure retirement. 
the minimum wage, claiming that it costs jobs. Wrong again. For every increase in the minimum wage, it has been accompanied by an expanding economy. 
House Republicans opposing comprehensive immigration reform, wrong again. Studies conducted by groups as far apart as the Chamber of Commerce and the AFL–CIO indicate that the gross domestic product will grow $1.5 trillion over 10 years. 
This is a sorry track record of economic forecasting, and therefore, this budget is one that I have to oppose because it favors the wealthy over working class families and those struggling to enter or remain in the middle class. I oppose the Republican budget because it asks major sacrifices of seniors who can barely make ends meet and fundamentally alters the social contract by turning Medicaid and the SNAP program into a block program and Medicare into a voucher. 
a working road map for success. If the House Republican’s ‘‘work harder to get less’’ budget were adopted, here is a sample of the pain and misery that will be visited on working families: an end to higher education tax credits, an end to needed increases in the child tax credit, the loss of access to tax credits for the Affordable Care Act, a reduction in tax rates for the wealthy, yielding average tax cuts of $200,000 for millionaires financed by a $2,000 tax increase on the typical working class family. 
right’’ budget will make it harder to get to the middle and working class parents to send their kids to college, ending these higher education tax credits and cutting student loan programs and Pell grants. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
served on the Judiciary Committee. It is there that we deal with the problems, particularly on the Crime Subcommittee, at the end of someone’s detour in life. Do you know what, Mr. Chairman? Those detours in life that wind up with 75,000 persons in the Federal prison system on mandatory minimums has been because people cannot read, do not have opportunities, and do not have jobs. 
I want to invest in a budget that lifts 
the boats of all people; if you work hard, you get a home; if you work hard, you can send your kids to school; if you work hard, you can retire. That is the budget I want to support, not this nosuccess budget that is being proposed by our Republican friends. 
alternative budget along with the CPC and the CBC budget. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H. 
Con. Res. 27, the House Republicans’ ‘‘Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’ because it continues the reckless and irresponsible approach to fiscal policy that the House majority has championed for years, with disastrous results. 
side have a very poor track record when it comes to economic forecasts and projections. 
For years, they have based their entire legislative agenda and strategy on their belief that the Affordable Care Act or ‘‘Obamacare’’ would be a failure. 
The wish was father to the thought. But they 
Because of Obamacare more than 16.4 million Americans now know the peace of mind that comes from affordable, quality health insurance that is there when you need it. 
minimum wage, claiming that it costs jobs. Wrong again. 
been accompanied by an expanding economy, especially during the Clinton Administration. 
House Republicans opposing comprehensive immigration reform claim that it will lead to lower incomes and lost jobs. 
as far apart as the Chamber of Commerce and the AFLCIO consistently show that comprehensive immigration reform will grow the Gross Domestic Product by $1.5 trillion over 10 years. 
forecasting, I strongly oppose the Republican budget because it favors the wealthy over middle class families and those struggling to enter or remain in the middle class. 
asks major sacrifices of seniors who can barely make ends meet, and fundamentally alters the social contract by turning Medicaid and SNAP programs into a block grant and Medicare into a voucher. 
the poor, or mortgages the future by failing to make the investments needed to sustain economic growth and opportunity for all Americans. 
Less’’ Budget squeezes hardworking Americans by making it: 1. Harder to buy a home by keeping their paychecks stagnant; 2. harder to send your kids to college by cutting student loans; and 3. harder to enjoy a secure retirement by privatizing Medicare. 
Get Less’’ budget were adopted, here is a sample of the pain and misery that will be visited on middleclass and working families: 1. An end to higher education tax credits; 2. an end to needed increases in the child tax credit; 3. the loss of access to tax credits for affordable health care for millions of Americans; and 4. a reduction in tax rates for the wealthy yielding an average tax cut of $200,000 for millionaires financed by a $2,000 tax increase on the typical middle class family. 
will make it harder to middle and working class parents to send their kids to college by: 1. Ending higher education tax credits; and 2. cutting student loan programs and Pell Grants, making college less affordable and adding to the already huge levels of student debt. 
budget is not limited to working families and students; there are also lumps of coal for seniors who have earned and deserve a secure retirement: 1. The Medicare guarantee is turned into a voucher program with increased costs for seniors. 2. Seniors who have worked hard for a financially secure retirement will immediately have to pay new copays for preventive care and much higher costs for prescription drugs. 
America’s future: 1. Slashes the part of the budget we use to invest in our children’s education; and 2. devastates our investments in scientific research and innovation. 
Mr. Chair, the Republican budget exacerbates the drag on the economy resulting from a crumbling infrastructure by cutting $187 billion, or more than 19 percent, from transportation funding over the coming decade and provides no solution to address the current shortfall in the federal transportation fund, which means we can expect construction slowdowns beginning this summer. 
budget, the Republican budget would result this fiscal year in 35,000 fewer children in Head Start and up to 6,000 fewer special education teachers, paraprofessionals, and other related staff. 
America’s future by cutting investments in scientific research and innovation in real terms by failing to lift the draconian sequester on domestic priorities. 
there would be 1,300 fewer medical research grants at National Institutes H and 950 fewer competitive science research awards at the NSF, affecting 11,600 researchers, technicians, and students. 
mistreats the poorest and most vulnerable persons in our country. 
budget takes aim at millions of families with children struggling to make ends meet and put 
food on the table by converting the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) into a block grant beginning in 2021 and cutting funding steeply—by $125 billion (34 percent) between 2021 and by 2025. 
through 2025 either cutting off assistance to 11 to 12 million eligible people each year, or cutting benefits by almost $55 per person per month. 
FOR American families by giving them the tools to buy a home, send their kids to college and enjoy a secure retirement. 
Mr. Chair, the Democratic Budget represents a better way. 
this together and that our current economic situation calls for a balanced approach between increased revenues and responsible reduction in expenditures. 
Our plan will protect and strengthen our recovering economy, reduce the deficit in a responsible way, while continuing to invest in the things that make our country strong like education, health care, innovation, and clean energy. 
America but it is disastrous for the people from my home state of Texas who sent me here to advocate for their interests. Let me highlight a few examples. 
to become the basis of federal fiscal policy, 3,435,336 Texas seniors would be forced out of traditional Medicare and into a voucher program. Under the Republican plan to end Medicare as we know it, Texas seniors will receive a voucher instead of guaranteed benefits under traditional Medicare. 
the value of their vouchers would be capped at growth levels that are lower than the projected increases in health care costs. Previous analyses showed that this type of plan would cut future spending by $5,900 per senior, forcing them to spend more out of pocket and diminishing their access to quality care. 
aggressively pursue the healthiest, least expensive enrollees, thereby allowing Medicare—currently the lifeline for 3,187,332 Texas seniors—to ‘‘wither on the vine.’’ 
to be adopted by Congress, 206,304 Texas seniors would pay more for prescription drugs next year. 
Chairman, I am now pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), a senior member of the Armed Services Committee. 
join with my House Armed Services Committee colleagues and speak in support of Chairman PRICE’s defense alternative budget, Price 2. 
Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee on the House Armed Services Committee, my top priority is to provide adequate funding for our Special Operations Forces who are currently deployed in more than 80 countries worldwide defeating the terrorists 
overseas. I support our cyber forces who play a critical role in the defense of our national security from state and nonstate aggressors alike. And I appreciate our scientists and engineers who develop the cuttingedge technologies provided for our warfighters to protect American families. 
Force is the smallest since its creation, the Army is on the path to being the smallest since 1939, and the Navy will soon be the smallest since 1915, we cannot risk reducing our national defense. We can best provide for peace through strength. 
out that tomorrow we will be taking a vote on two seemingly similar budgets, Price 1 and Price 2, but there are two major differences between the budgets. Price 2 represents the product of fruitful negotiations between the leadership, the House Budget Committee, and the House Armed Services Committee. 
James Clapper’s recent Worldwide Threat Assessment before the Senate Armed Services Committee, he said: 
worldwide killed approximately 22,000 people. Preliminary data just for the first 9 months of 2014 indicate nearly 13,000 attacks, which killed 31,000 people. When the accounting is done, 2014 will have been the most lethal year for global terrorism in the 45 years such data has been compiled. 
The world is becoming more dangerous, and it is time Congress came together and funded our troops appropriately. Terrorists have declared war on American families. 
MACTHORNBERRY , for their work in negotiating Chairman P RICE’s defense alternative, Price 2, and it is my hope that tomorrow we can come together and pass Price 2. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
would just say to my Republican colleagues, if you want to vote for a defense budget in a straightforward manner the way the Joint Chiefs of Staff have recommended, then vote for the Democratic alternative. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as how much time remains on each side? 
gentleman from Georgia has 27 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Maryland has 10
Chairman, I am now pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ), a member of the 
Armed Services Committee and a gentleman who has served this country in the armed services. 
the gentleman from Georgia for dealing with the entire Congress and coming up with only two budgets, Price 1 and Price 2. 
pulled in just about every different direction, and I am actually glad that this is coming to fruition. 
vote for Price 2, the defense budget that Chairman PRICE is putting out, 
and vote ‘‘no’’ on Price 1. There is a reason for that: Price 2 is the defense budget. 
do a lot of things. We go to different meetings. We vote on transportation, education, labor issues, and all kinds of things. But our number one job, our number one job of the American people is to keep them safe. It is national security. That is why I am here. 
I did three tours. I did two tours in 
Iraq and one in Afghanistan. I was in Iraq when we didn’t have uparmored Humvees. I was in Iraq when we didn’t have enough scopes for our Marines and security forces. I was in Afghanistan when we didn’t have enough stuff, too. In fact, if you vote for Price 2, you are still only voting for the ragged edge of what our Defense Department needs. 
right now. Africa is gone. The Middle East is gone and going. Eastern Europe is going now because of the Russians. And Asia and China, China is impinging and coming eastward towards the United States. Things will never be safer. Things will never be safer. I think the American people have to realize that, but they have to contend with it. 
that their Navy is patrolling the ocean, that their Marines and their Army are able to go wherever we ask them to at a moment’s notice and wherever we need them to. The American people need to know that their Air Force is patrolling the skies. 
edge of what our Defense Department needs, we are going to have to make sacrifices, and the American people are not going to be as safe. If we vote and Price 1 wins, we are going to have to leave here and tell the American people that the American military cannot do what they think it can do. Price 2 will fund the U.S. military where it needs to be to face all these challenges, still barely—still barely—but the American military will be able to do it. 
Mr. Chairman, I would urge my colleagues to look around the world and ask themselves one question: What is their job as a U.S. Congress Member? What is their number one job? There is no social security without national security. It doesn’t matter what our education budget is if another 9/11 happens. 
my wrist. That is what made me join the Marine Corps is when our towers went down. When those towers fell, we 
realized what was important, and it was keeping this country safe. Price 2 will help keep this country safe; Price 1 will make it a more dangerous place. Again, Mr. Chairman, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on Price 1 and vote ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2. 
Again, I thank the chairman for giving his heart and soul to this and listening to so many people and trying to come up with something that this side of the aisle can agree on. 
just point out to my colleagues that both of what we are referring to as Price 1 and Price 2 are a total violation of what the Budget Committee, on a bipartisan basis, has said we would not do with respect to using the overseas contingency account as a slush fund. Both Price 1 and Price 2 do that to different degrees. If you want to fund defense in the straightforward manner that the military leadership has recommended to the President and the President has put in the budget, then you should support the Democratic alternative. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
on the other side of the aisle talk about a slush fund when they are talking about the military. I think it maligns our military. It doesn’t give the honor and the dignity to the men and women who stand in harm’s way every single day to protect our liberty and protect our freedom. It is hard to even recognize the comment when you are talking about those men and women of a slush fund. 
the armed services, incredible respect for their leadership. We believe strongly in their ability to take the resources that we provide them and do the job, do the mission, make certain that this Nation is safe and kept from harm. 
on the other side to rethink their language and their rhetoric. Words mean something. Words mean something. I hope that they are able to recognize that that language doesn’t do dignity to this Chamber, it doesn’t do dignity to the men and women who stand in the breach. 
Chairman, and I want to recognize those folks who have recognized us in supporting A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America, groups all across this Nation, men and women who stand up and say: We know that there is a challenge out there, we know that the fiscal situation of this Nation is difficult, and we want to support those who are actually providing positive solutions: 
Council for Citizens Against Government Waste—I have a letter from the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste supporting our budget; Americans for Tax Reform, supporting our budget; Americans for Prosperity, supporting our budget; National Taxpayers Union, supporting our budget; 60 Plus Association, supporting our budget; Association of Mature American Citizens, supporting our budget. And I mentioned before the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and National Federation of Independent Business. 
DEARCHAIRMEN PRICE: On behalf of Americans for Tax Reform, I write in strong support of the recently released U.S. House of Representatives budget proposal. The budget blueprint authored by House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price (R–GA) will ensure that Washington lives within its means by balancing the budget in less than ten years and cutting $5.5 trillion in federal spending. 
The budget proposal calls for a fairer, simpler tax code, reforms struggling entitlement programs, clamps down on inefficient and ineffective government programs, and lays the groundwork for strong economic growth. The plan also empowers the states to make their own decisions by restoring the principle of federalism. 
By keeping to the proposed reforms, Congress stands to secure America’s economic prospects, protect jobs, and accelerate economic development to levels which would be unattainable given the current spending policies. Lower, flatter taxes plus a competitive international tax regime would enshrine our place as the world’s number 1 destination for entrepreneurship. Simply put, asking taxpayers to pay $160 billion per year is an undue burden that we can do without. 
Obamacare in its entirety and reforms the health care system to increase access to affordable care and provide patients with better medical choices. Repealing Obamacare would eliminate numerous job killing regulations including the employer mandate and the individual mandate. In place of this complex system, the House budget prioritizes a patientcentered approach that gives power back to the individual. 
to the raiding of the Medicare trust fund. In turn, this will help secure and strengthen Medicare so the program can continue to provide retirees with the care that they deserve. The budget will also build a new premium support program for Medicare that will further empower seniors to make their own choices. 
Finally, the budget implements improvements to Medicaid. Specifically, it repeals the Obamacare Medicaid expansion and grants increased flexibility to the states, which will allow the states the opportunity to build a strong and sustainable system of Medicaid that suits their needs. 
restrictions mandated in the Budget Control Act of 2011, ensuring the continuation of the savings from discretionary spending. In contrast to the White House budget, which ignores 2011 spending caps and raises spending through misleading promises, the House budget abides by federal law. The budget allocates funding to the DOD’s Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund to meet the 
complex and dangerous global threats, balanced by cuts to mandatory spending. 
It is important to keeps the caps in place 
that have stabilized federal spending since 2011 and will lead to $1.79 trillion in savings through 2021. You should be congratulated for proposing a more fiscally responsible solution despite the urging of some of his more reckless colleagues to break spending caps and undo years of fiscal restraint. 
support this bold progrowth proposal. It returns power to states and localities while making great, positive strides in the tax code. 
Chairman, House Committee on the Budget, Cannon House Office Building, Washington, 
than seven million senior citizen activists, the 60 Plus Association applauds your leadership in putting forth a responsible Balanced Budget plan. Not only will this legislation protect seniors but also our children and grandchildren. 
to put our nation’s spending on a path of sustainability that both strengthens and preserves our Social Security and Medicare benefits. By reducing spending though responsible governmentwide reforms, the House Republican budget also ensures America’s economic security. 
introducing a Balanced Budget that puts our nation back on the right path! This plan will protect the investment of our generation as well as for future generations. 
DEARCHAIRMAN PRICE AND RANKING MEMBERVANHOLLEN , On behalf of the 1.3 million 
members of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, I am writing to convey our strong support for many of the policies set forth in the House Budget Committee’s FY 2016 budget resolution, ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America.’’ This budget proposal correctly identifies the financial and economic challenges facing America today and provides a blueprint for tackling those problems with positive, responsible solutions. 
Time and again, it is has been said that 
America’s national debt is the single biggest threat to our national security. For this reason, it is imperative that Congress unite around a plan to pay down our debt and balance the budget so that Washington can begin living within its means. ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America’’ promises to balance the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes by reducing federal spending by $5.5 trillion and making government programs more effective and efficient. 
economic policies and reduce federal spending, it also provides a path forward to save and strengthen vital programs like Social Security and Medicare. On Social Security, 
the budget clearly states that Congress should not raid the retirement trust fund to temporarily patch the disability program, which is projected to be insolvent in 2016. AMAC strongly supports this policy position and believes this is the kind of forward thinking leadership that is required to save and secure this critical program. While these important senior programs face uncertain futures, AMAC appreciates that this budget compels Congress to adopt longterm legislative solutions that will guarantee Social Security and Medicare benefits for today’s seniors and tomorrow’s retirees. 
budget fully repeals the ‘‘Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,’’ or ‘‘ObamaCare.’’ Repealing ObamaCare will save over $2 trillion, will end the egregious $700 billion raid on Medicare, and will unburden the public from obtrusive government mandates and 
regulations. Instead of imposing onesize fitsall government health care on the American people, this budget proposes health reform that is patientcentered. AMAC supports the budget’s patientcentered approach to health care that places value on increased access to quality, affordable care and expanded choices for individuals, families, and businesses. 
As an organization committed to representing the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is encouraged by the positive vision outlined in ‘‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America.’’ We feel that this budget will help to restore our nation’s financial and economic security and will put America on a path toward greater prosperity. 
Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW) praised House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price’s (RGa.) fiscal year (FY) 2016 Budget Resolution. The blueprint balances the budget in less than 10 years, a clear divergence from President Obama’s budget, which never balances at all. 
accountability, and eliminates redundancies in the federal government. A particularly laudable component is the elimination of ‘‘double dipping’’ of Social Security Disability Insurance and Unemployment Insurance, as recommended by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) on March 4, 2015. The budget proposal also makes note of duplicative programs that need to be consolidated, including food aid and housing assistance that not only waste millions of taxpayer dollars but also fail to achieve their stated objectives. 
The budget includes numerous recommendations from ‘‘Prime Cuts,’’ such as the privatization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the elimination of the Commerce Department’s Hollings Manufacturing Extension Program and International Trade Promotion Activities, and the termination of dozens of green energy grants funded in the stimulus bill that would ‘‘protect taxpayers from being on the hook for future boondoggles.’’ The 2015 Prime Cuts will be released on April 1. 
Moreover, the budget proposal’s commitment to devolving programs to the states, particularly Medicaid, food stamps, and educational programs, will spur innovation, increase flexibility, and save taxpayers money. Government that is closer to the people governs more effectively, with less waste and more accountability. ‘‘We are very supportive of Chairman 
Price’s budget proposal and look forward to working closely with the committee to safeguard the interests of taxpayers,’’ CCAGW President Tom Schatz said. ‘‘We are also pleased to see the budget contains many Prime Cuts recommendations. With the national debt more than $18 trillion, it is time to balance the budget and end deficit spending in Washington.’’ 
The Council for Citizens Against Government Waste is the lobbying arm of the nation’s largest nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to eliminating waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement in government. 
Prosperity, the nation’s largest grassroots advocate for economic freedom, applauded the House Budget Committee for introducing a budget resolution this morning. AFP Vice President of Government Affairs Brent Gardner issued the following statement: 
Chairman Tom Price for putting together a common sense budget resolution. While not perfect, we are pleased to see a number of positive policies proposed in this common sense budget. We applaud Chairman Price for holding firm on Congress’s past agreement to control spending by adhering to the discretionary spending caps established in the Budget Control Act. Keeping these caps is the best tool for lawmakers to restrain spending, and we encourage Congress to keep these caps. 
‘‘This is a welcome change from the President’s recent call for higher levels of federal spending and higher taxes on American families. Additional reforms that Americans for Prosperity supports in this budget resolution is that it balances within 10 years, sets the stage for comprehensive tax reform, and turns control over certain mandatory programs over to the states. It also includes a full repeal of the President’s health care law that has already seen millions of people lose their health care plans. Overall, this budget resolution is a strong step in the right direction.’’ 
sent a letter of specific items that should be included in the upcoming budget resolutions in Congress. Online here. We continue to encourage federal lawmakers to work towards budget solutions that protect American taxpayers and reduce spending. 
Groups Supporting: Americans for Tax Reform; Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Americans for Prosperity; US Chamber of Commerce; Association of Mature American Citizens; National Federation for Independent Business (NFIB); 60 Plus Association. 
Chairman, I also want to address this issue of morality. We have had a number of folks on the other side of the aisle talk about the morality of a budget. And budgeting is priorities, it is a moral document; there is no doubt about it. 
folks on the other side talked about this notion that moral documents, moral issues, are raised in budgets. And I agree, there is no doubt about it. Budgets say what kind of people we are. They say what kind of people we want to be. 
What is the morality of trapping disadvantaged people in a web of welfare programs that discourage selfsufficiency and instead shackle them to government dependency? What is the morality of that? 
What is the morality of keeping retirees in a health care coverage program that is going bankrupt, becoming insolvent, not according to my numbers, according to the trustees of the program itself, and that can’t keep its promises if its socalled providers keep blocking reform? What is the morality of that? 
of forcing lowincome people into a secondrate health care program in which many can’t get appointments with doctors and those doctors are grossly underreimbursed by the government? What is the morality of that? 
of stifling medical innovation, preventing new treatments from reaching patients because of everexpanding Washington bureaucracy and red tape? Where is the morality in that kind of program? 
students to years of crippling debt because of a governmentrun student loan program that drives up tuitions? I hear my friends on the other side talk about how difficult it is for students, and it is. Mr. Chairman, it is difficult because of the student loan program that they put in place when they were in the majority that doesn’t give students access to low interest rate loans. Where is the morality of that? 
Where is the morality of heaping trillions of dollars of debt onto future generations to finance today’s government spending because today’s policymakers refuse to stop outspending our tax revenue? Where is the morality in that, Mr. Chairman? 
that pattern. We aim to respect the American people and talk to them about the seriousness of the challenges that we face, but provide positive alternatives, real solutions with real results. That is what they are longing for, real leadership in this town. 
Our budget isn’t about cutting programs, it is about improving and saving them to ensure a sustainable safety net for those who need it, while encouraging and helping others sustain themselves, the most truly compassionate thing one can do for another. That is the morality of our Republican budget. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
Let me just start with some comments about the importance of making sure we make investments in defense in a straightforward and honest way. 
The chairman’s comments were directly contrary to the position he took 1 year ago. Here is what he said as part 
of the Republican majority: ‘‘Abuse of the OCO’’—that is the overseas contingency account—‘‘is a backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process.’’ That is what our Republican colleagues said. They said they weren’t going to allow it. They are using the overseas contingency account as a slush fund for moneys that should be invested in the normal Defense Department accounts. That is what they said last year. They have done a 180 here. That is a discredit to this House. 
1 and Price 2. What is that all about? I am sure colleagues listening have got to be going: What is going on, Price 1 and Price 2? It is because our Republican colleagues haven’t figured out how they are going to fund the defense of the country. But both Price 1 and Price 2 are a violation of the position our Republican colleagues took just a year ago. 
So let’s do this in a way that honors 
our commitment to our defense and do it in a straightforward manner, the way that the Joint Chiefs of Staff and others have recommended. 
Now, it is always interesting to understand people’s different perceptions in morality. I would just ask a question: Is it right to have a budget that refuses to cut a single special interest tax break in order to reduce the deficit while cutting our investment in our kids’ education? Is it right to have a budget that won’t cut a corporate tax break, like the corporate jet loophole, but cuts our investment in our kids’ education, increases the cost of prescription drugs to seniors, says to students you are going to pay more for your student loans? 
chairman’s comments about the student loan program. What the Democrats did when they were in the majority was get rid of a system where the big banks were making guaranteed returns off of taxpayer dollars that were not going to students. They were making guaranteed 9 percent returns. 
system where the big banks are getting these guaranteed taxpayersubsidized returns? And we moved to a direct loan program. That meant every dollar could go farther in terms of providing student loans. Cut out the big banks. They were just siphoning off dollars that were intended to go to students. That is what we did. But we also understand that despite those improvements, our students are finding it costly to go to college. 
we provide for increased opportunity and more affordable college, the opposite of what our Republicans do, which is they say they want to increase interest rates on student loans and cut $90 billionplus from Pell grants. 
Is it moral or, I should just ask: Does 
the country really think it is right to have a budget that paves the way for cutting the top tax rate for the 
wealthiest people in the country, the people who have done just great over the last 20, 30 years? Is it right to cut their tax rates by onethird, from 39 percent down to the mid20s, while increasing the tax burden on working families, middle class families, and those who are working their way into the middle class, getting rid of the deduction for higher education, getting rid of the increase in the child tax credit, getting rid of the Affordable Care Act tax credits that help people afford education? 
that said a proposal like the Romney Ryan plan would provide about an average tax cut of $200,000 to millionaires and increase the tax burden on middle income families by $2,000. Is that right? 
believe that we should grow our economy and accelerate economic growth in a way with more shared prosperity, or whether you believe in an economy that grows through trickle down, the idea that cutting tax rates for the top will somehow lift everybody up. That theory ran into the hard wall of reality. Folks at the top had their incomes go up, everybody else was running in place. We should not go back to that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am amused by my colleague’s interpretation of what happened with student loans. It is an interesting rewriting of history. 
Federal Government now controls the vast majority of student loans, controls and dictates interest on those loans. So the money that the students are paying out there in interest on those loans, where is it going? It is going to the Federal Government when, in fact, those students could actually get loans at a lower rate, but that is now precluded. So our friends have a proclivity for rewriting history. Their plan, by the way; that was their plan to put the Federal Government in charge of student loans. 
changed in a year? Well, a lot has changed, Mr. Chairman: Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, ISIS, Chinese making more noise. 
Look, I admit that funding the defense for our country in this way, $613 billion—$523 billion in the base budget and $90 billion in the global war on terror fund—is not ideal. 
Why are we doing that? The President so far has refused to lay out a path to change the law, which it takes in order to put it in the base defense budget, which is why we in our budget responsibly, proactively, honestly lay forth the path to be able to get that done. 
Our friends know that if the President’s number were included in the budget, as soon as the next year begins, 
He can talk about the number he has got all he wants, but the law of the land brings it right back down to $523 billion unless the law is changed. 
colleagues, we look forward to working with the administration, so that we can actually do so in a way that modifies the base defense budget. I hope that that is able to happen, I hope that that is able to happen. 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZBALART ), a very active member of 
rise today, first, to thank the chairman of the Budget Committee for the job he has done and the staff of that committee. 
actually deals with the issues that are important to our country. The President has put together and has put forward a budget, but as the chairman stated, it is a budget that assumes that the law is not the law. He assumes that you can just throw money on top of the law and that it is going to stay there by some miracle of nature when the reality is that we know, as the chairman stated, that that is fake, because if we were to mark up to those numbers, the sequester would kick in and just eliminate those funds outright. 
budget deals with the fact that, if we don’t deal with and if we don’t reform what is causing, frankly, the debt, the deficits—which is mandatory spending—it will consume 100 percent of the budget in a generation. 
This budget also demands from Congress tax reform, tax reform that we all know would increase the economy, that would create more jobs, that would make it easier for Americans to open businesses—small, medium, and large—to create jobs here in this country. 
I want to thank the chairman because it also recognizes the fact that, no, al Qaeda is not on the run; that, no, we have not defeated terrorism; and that the world is not as safe as any of us would like it to be. This recognizes that we have to give our military what it needs to do its job. 
base, but I repeat—and the chairman mentioned this—that that is fake because, unless you change the law, which this budget cannot do, that money automatically goes away. 
The one thing that we can do that is 
in the hands of this bill, of this budget that is in front of us, is to do precisely what the chairman has put forward. 
Is it perfect? Absolutely not—it is responsible. It helps create jobs, and it will grow the economy. It will stop this outofcontrol spending; and, yes, it will deal with making sure that our military has the tools that it needs to fight the enemies of freedom and the 
enemies of America. It does it in a realistic fashion, not in this dream world that the President’s budget seems to be living in. 
this effort from our chairman of the Budget Committee. Again, I thank the chairman for his effort. 
am just a little puzzled by the comments from the gentleman from Florida since the Republican study group’s budget—and I understand the Republican study group consists of about 170 members of a big majority of the Republican caucus—funds defense in a straightforward way that the President’s budget does and that the Democratic alternative budget does. 
I am interested to hear the Republican study group’s budget approach to defense characterized as a fake. I think that would be a surprise to the members of the Republican study group. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to put a little more meat 
on the bones, if you will, of this issue of discretionary spending and of mandatory spending because it really is the locus of the problem that we have, and I think our friends on the other side of the aisle would agree. 
last 50 years or so—the red on this is mandatory spending, and the blue is discretionary spending—back in 1962, mandatory spending was about a third of our Federal budget, and discretionary spending was about twothirds. 
Over the last 50 years, what has happened is that that has flipped, and mandatory spending has become two thirds or even more of Federal spending, and discretionary spending has become about a third. 
the things that we say that we care about outside of Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, basically, are in this blue area. Defense is in the blue area, as are transportation, energy, education, research. 
All of the things we say that we want 
to protect are in the blue area. This is what our Appropriations Committee deals with. The automatic spending— the mandatory programs—are crowding out, as you see, Mr. Chairman, the discretionary spending. The challenge to my colleagues is to recognize this problem, to recognize what needs to be done. 
mandatory programs need to be addressed. You can’t bury your head in the sand and say it doesn’t make any difference. We spend about $3.6 trillion a year on the entire Federal budget. 
of $2.5 trillion, $2.6 trillion—is of basically three things, which is Medicare and Medicaid, Social Security, and interest on the debt, which has been talked about and that we aren’t able to do anything about. We can’t change it. When you think about the Federal 
Government, everything else is about $1 trillion a year: education, energy, legislative branch, judiciary, court system, transportation, research, defense. Everything else in the Federal Government, with the exception of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, is about $1 trillion. 
across this great Nation know that, for 4 out of the last 6 years, Washington— this country—has run a deficit of greater than $1 trillion each year, which means that you could do away with the entire Federal Government— the entire thing, everything—with the exception of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, and you wouldn’t even balance the budget. That is the challenge. Very shortly, mandatory spending is going to consume the entire Federal budget. 
got to deal with. If we don’t, what happens is that we are no longer going to be able to pass off to our kids and our grandkids the kind of opportunity for them to realize their dreams. 
Chairman. We need to recognize the problems, and we need to recognize the challenges, and that is what our budget does. It recognizes that mandatory spending can’t continue on the path that it is on. 
those programs are actually going broke: Medicare, insolvent by 2033; Social Security, insolvent by 2034. 
positively, honestly say to the American people that we recognize that challenge. It is reckless for us not to recognize and address that challenge, so we do in our budget put forward positive solutions to those challenges so that we can, as a percentage of the amount of spending in the Federal Government, narrow the amount of money spent on mandatory programs so that we have more moneys available for the kinds of things that everybody on this House floor and everybody in this Chamber wants to do. 
have the greatest opportunity for the next generation, but that light is getting dim unless we address the challenges that we face. That is why it is so important to adopt a positive budget, an honest budget, a sincere budget, a budget that recognizes these challenges but that puts in place positive solutions. 
the discussions of my friends on the other side of the aisle, but it is absolutely vital that we, as Representatives of the people, come together and solve these challenges that we have from a financial standpoint so that we can pass on to our kids and our grandkids the greatest nation the world has ever known. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, 
Florida). The gentleman from Maryland has 4 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 6
say to my friend that I am prepared to close, so I am happy to have the gentleman close. 
When we are talking about the budget and priorities, the chairman of the committee left out one of the biggest areas of ‘‘spending’’ in the Tax Code according to the Congressional Budget Office, and that is the amount of spending that goes through a whole range of tax breaks. 
find that what the Congressional Budget Office calls ‘‘tax expenditures’’ exceed the amount spent each year on Social Security, on Medicare and Medicaid, on defense: $1.4 billion in tax breaks. 
Now, some of those are for good policy purposes, but some of them and a lot of them are there because some powerful special interest got some special break that helps him and nobody else, and this Republican budget doesn’t touch one of those in order to reduce the deficit, not one. It doesn’t close one of those $1.4 trillion in tax expenditures to reduce the deficit. 
for people who are working hard every day. It increases the tax burden on middle class Americans and on those who are working to join the middle class. It raises the cost of going to college by increasing the cost of student loans. It increases the daily costs of seniors, who are going to face higher prescription drug costs and higher fees for copayments—seniors, students, working class families. 
out that we have seen worker productivity grow. American workers are working harder than ever, but their paychecks have been flat. Our Democratic alternative budget will address that issue. 
situation worse. It doesn’t do anything to help hardworking Americans get ahead. It says, Work harder, but get less. You are going to take home less, and you are going to get hit with higher taxes because they take away certain important tax benefits for middle income and working people. 
pass a budget that makes it harder on hardworking people today and that disinvests in the future of America tomorrow, I don’t know. There is a much better way to do it. We will present an alternative tomorrow which does that. 
that is not rigged in favor of making money off of money, but that actually favors people who earn a living through hard work every day. Our current Tax 
Code actually gives better tax rates to unearned income than to earned income. That doesn’t make sense. 
incentives and benefits to hardworking Americans; whereas the Republican budget just provides another tax rate cut for folks at the top on the failed theory that it is going to trickle down and lift everybody up. That is not the way to accelerate economic growth. 
growth is to make sure all hardworking Americans can bring back bigger paychecks to provide for their families, to make sure their families can achieve the American Dream. 
That is an economy in which everyone moves forward together, as opposed to an economy that says to the folks at the top: you have made it; we are going to give you even more tax breaks, and once you climb the ladder of opportunity, it is okay to lift the ladder up after you. 
That has not been the way our country has worked from the beginning. Let’s reject this budget. There is a better way, and we will have a chance to debate that tomorrow. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
conversation this afternoon about the budget; a lot of hyperbole, a lot of misinformation, I would suggest. 
I suspect that those out there watching, if they are looking at this, have said to their spouses: hide the kids and pets, dear; they are talking about the budget. 
couple of items. Some folks on the other side have talked about the research budget is being decimated. Table one in the budget report has a line item for general science, space, and technology. That is research and innovation—for 2016, $28.381 billion; in going to 2025, $34.488 billion; for the 10 year window, $313 billion to research and innovation. 
Chairman RYAN, early on in this conversation, in this debate, talked about all of the hyperbole on the other side and of the words ‘‘slashing’’ and ‘‘cutting’’ and ‘‘decimating’’ and ‘‘destroying.’’ 
proposes, what the President proposes, is a growth in the budget of 5.1 percent on average. That is what gets you this amount of debt. 
want to do in our society. Our growth rate, 3.4 percent—3.4 percent. That is what gets you A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
Now, my friend talks about the productivity in this country; and it is true, productivity is up, but let me talk about the growth. If they want to double down on the policies that we have had for the last 6 years, let’s talk 
about what has happened. This is the Congressional Budget Office estimate of growth over the ensuing 10 years: in 2012, they predicted that the growth was going to average 3 percent; in 2013, 2.9 percent; in 2014, 2.5 percent; this year, 2.3 percent growth over the next 10 years. 
that means is that a full percent growth off the average growth rate over the last 40 years, and such a distinctive decrease in growth that jobs aren’t going to be able to be created at the numbers that they need to be, that the economy doesn’t get to be roaring at the way that it needs to be, that revenue into the Federal Government is 
diminished because the growth isn’t projected to be what it ought to be. 
How much? Is it a little bit? If we— 
if, when, we are able to adopt the policies in our budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America projection, we would suggest that we can return to the average growth rate of the last 40 years, 3.2, 3.3 percent. What that means is more jobs, more activity, more economic vitality out there. What that means is nearly $3 trillion, $3 trillion more to the Federal Government in terms of revenue just because of the increased activity in our economy. Imagine what we could do with those kinds of resources, to balance the budget, to get this economy going again, to allow the American people to realize their dreams in so many, many wonderful and vital ways. 
with tax reform. You do that with tax reform. My friends on the other side of the aisle say: Well, no, you haven’t identified what you are going to do. No, that is the responsibility of the Committee on Ways and Means. The budget lays out the pathway, and then the committees of jurisdiction go to work and accomplish that pathway, put in place the programs that would accomplish that pathway, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
I want to reiterate once again, remember, Mr. Chairman, that every dollar that is taken in taxes from the American people and every dollar that is borrowed is a dollar that can’t be used to pay the rent, can’t be used to buy a house, can’t be used to buy a car, can’t be used to send a kid to college, can’t be used to expand or to begin a business. 
So what we need are positive solutions, real solutions, honest solutions, like we put forward in our budget. Highlights once again: We balance the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes. Our budget decreases spending by over $5.5 trillion in the 10 year budget window—$5.5 trillion—instead of adding trillions of dollars of spending. We support a strong national defense; we have defined that, $613 billion combined with base defense spending and global war on terror spending. We repeal ObamaCare in its entirety, once again, as a physician, not just because it is harming the economy, but it 
is also harming the health of the American people. We secure economic opportunity for all citizens. 
recognize the imperative and the opportunity that is so necessary for folks. We do, however, believe that there are places where appropriate federalism ought to occur, where States and local communities can better respond to the needs of their citizens, whether it is in the area of health care, whether it is in the area of nutritional assistance, or whether it is in the area of education, something that so many State legislatures and so many Governors are talking about as we speak. 
think it is important to have a right size of Washington, not an expanded Federal bureaucracy that continues to overreach and continues to affect adversely, in regulatory schemes, the lives of the American people. We cut waste and fraud and abuse all across the Federal Government, defining areas that need to be audited and where we need to find savings. The American people, the hardworking American people, they are sick and tired of the kind of waste in this government. We support rights of conscience for physicians all across this land, and we push back on the executive overreach. 
Stronger America. It will result in a greater efficiency, greater effectiveness, and greater accountability of this government. I urge my colleagues to support A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate on the congressional budget has expired. 
Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MOOLENAAR ) having assumed the chair, 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
Georgia’s 11th Congressional District is home to some of the Nation’s most innovative and leadingedge businesses. One such business has been providing emergency management services to residents in northwest Georgia. 
operated business with a strong reputation for delivering stateoftheart medical services to the people of Cobb and Dade Counties. Today, I am especially proud that this business has recently taken the national stage as one of the leading innovators in emergency health technology. 
In 2013, Puckett Emergency Management Services was recognized by the Cobb County Chamber of Commerce as the Small Business of the Year for its work to support the local community and to ensure the highest level of care. 
Most recently, Puckett EMS’ software company, EMS Technology Solutions, received the Emergency Management Services World Magazine’s Top Innovation award for its controlled substance tracking software, Operative IQ. 
This cuttingedge solution uses biometric technology to track controlled substances from the time the medication is administered to the very last dose. In fact, using this software is a much more secure way of monitoring prescription drug use and bringing medical records in line with today’s technology. 
What is even more remarkable is Operative IQ uses available technology to continually update patient medical records, helping prevent substance abuse. In the emergency management industry, where seconds could mean the difference between life and death, this technical innovation is a lifesaver. 
tireless efforts to protect the public safety of our citizens and congratulate them on their welldeserved recognition as a top innovator. 
before this body to recognize the contributions the management and employees of Puckett EMS have made to our community and their success in improving the safety and access to critical health care. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
and 26 on account of birth of twin baby girls. ADJOURNMENT 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 25, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
UPTON , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. S ESSIONS ): 
H.R. 2. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Agriculture, Natural Resources, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. D AVID 
Georgia, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. S IRES, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. K USTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. C LARK of 
H.R. 1559. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 1562. A bill to prohibit the awarding of 
a contract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that the contractor or grantee has no seriously delinquent tax debts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1563. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that individuals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Congress to disclose delinquent tax liability and to require an ethics inquiry into, and the garnishment of the wages of, a Member with Federal tax liability; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. E SHOO ): 
H.R. 1565. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to establish a national usury rate for consumer credit transactions; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
State and local courthouses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 1567. A bill to authorize a comprehensive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, promote inclusive, sustainable agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. VARGAS (for himself, Mr. ROONEYof Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
certain aliens located in Iraq and certain other countries who are or were nationals or residents of Iraq or Syria who have been persecuted or have a credible fear of being persecuted by the group commonly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or by a similar group, to apply and interview for admission to the United States as refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1569. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify that the estate of a deceased veteran may receive certain accrued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
transparency and information with respect to Federal expenditures under the Medicaid and CHIP programs in the territories of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
PINGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. H ANNA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
H.R. 1571. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observation services in a hospital toward satisfying the 3day inpatient hospital stay requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
prospective contractors with the United States Government that they are not boycotting persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
higher education to provide students with information from the Occupational Employment Statistics program and the Occupational Outlook Handbook of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1574. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965, to add a workstudy program for offcampus community service at selected afterschool activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1575. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1576. A bill to require a study by the 
Government Accountability Office (GAO) to assess the Food and Drug Administration’s current regulatory pathway for reviewing generic versions of nonbiologic complex drug products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1577. A bill to require additional entities to be subject to the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
COLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
H.R. 1578. A bill to establish the Commission on Long Term Social Security Solvency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. C LARKE of 
embassies with consular services in the five countries in the Caribbean with which the United States has diplomatic relations but no permanent diplomatic presence: Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1580. A bill to extend the final planting date for grain sorghum under Federal crop insurance policies because of extreme weather conditions that have adversely affected field conditions for planting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 1581. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income the discharge of certain student loans of deceased or disabled veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEYof New York, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. 
H.R. 1582. A bill to amend the Forest Legacy Program of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 to authorize States to allow certain entities to acquire, hold, and manage conservation easements under the program; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 1583. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to clarify the requirements related to small business contracts for services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 1584. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide greater extraterritorial criminal jurisdiction over certain credit card and other access device fraud offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Ms. F OXX, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. 
pay adjustments for Members of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
eliminate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MASSIE , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. E SHOO ): 
H.R. 1587. A bill to amend section 1201 of 
title 17, United States Code, to require the infringement of a copyright for a violation of such section, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
hindering of immigration, border, and customs controls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1589. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
by the Secretary of the Interior to make a final determination on the listing of the northern longeared bat under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1590. A bill to establish a prize program to award a prize and contract for the development of a fullyintegrated electronic health records program for use by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1591. A bill to require zerobased budgeting for departments and agencies of the 
H.R. 1592. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
H.R. 1593. A bill to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to establish a United States Ambassador at Large for Arctic Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ORBES , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LOFGREN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  
PETERS , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
TSONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 1594. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan for military surviving spouses to offset the receipt of veterans dependency and indemnity compensation; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1595. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to implement security measures in the electronic tax return filing process to prevent tax refund fraud from being perpetrated with electronic identity theft; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to preclude the Committee on Rules from reporting a rule or order that would provide for the consideration of a bill or joint resolution with less than 10 hours of debate; to the Committee on Rules. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the committees of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives should craft replacement language for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that includes the amendments made to the Black Lung Benefits Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself and Mr. COOK): 
for designation of a ‘‘Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific lead to World War II; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BEATTY , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): 
National Association of Letter Carriers’ One Day Food Drive; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
introduced a bill (H.R. 1596) to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to Special Forces Command Sergeant Major Ramon Rodriguez of the United States Army for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1557. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States 
H.R. 1558. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—The Congress shall have power to . . . make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer Thereof. 
H.R. 1559. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1560. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The intelligence and intelligencerelated 
activities of the United States government support the national security interests of the United States, support and assist the armed forces of the United States, and support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. Article I, section 8 gives Congress the power ‘‘to . . . provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ The Necessary and Proper Clause of that section also grants Congress the power ‘‘[t]o make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1561. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1562. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1563. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1564. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 1565. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 3 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1566. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1567. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1568. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1569. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1570. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1571. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1572. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1573. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 1574. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1575. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1576. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United 
States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
HA. 1577. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; . . . 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Staes, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 1578. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1579. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Hit. 1580. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The ability to regulate interstate commerce pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 1581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause I: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; all but duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1583. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
H.R. 1584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 6 The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. 
H.R. 1586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1 of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and intrepreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R. 1587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
H.R. 1589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
derives from Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 1591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
H.R. 1593. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Section 18 
H.R. 1594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense. 
H.R. 1595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1596. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 13 and 14 The Congress shall have the Power To provide and maintain a Navy; and to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 232: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
H.R. 267: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 292: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 359: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
H.R. 472: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mr. R USSELL. 
H.R. 546: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 556: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 588: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
H.R. 595: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
H.R. 631: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
H.R. 650: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 653: Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. K USTER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. 
H.R. 685: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 721: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B EYER , 
H.R. 746: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 767: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 855: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. P RICE 
HUFFMAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 908: Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. Judy 
Chu of California, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S CHIFF , 
H.R. 911: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
H.R. 990: Miss Rice of New York. H.R. 1057: Mr. ROSS. 
H.R. 1058: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. W EBSTER  
H.R. 1062: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
H.R. 1105: Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. A LLEN . 
VARGAS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. G IBBS. 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1154: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 1195: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H UIZENGA  
of Michigan, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. G UTHRIE. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. C ONYERS and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. E NGEL , and 
H.R. 1309: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. H UELSKAMP and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1389: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. S TIVERS . 
Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H URTof Virginia, and Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 1470: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. A BRAHAMT . 
MCKINLEY , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R OE 
of Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , Mr. W OMACK , and 
H.R. 1482: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. S ARBANES , and 
H.R. 1486: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1498: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1527: Ms. M ENG, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 1528: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1547: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. T URNER , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. R UIZ. H. Con. Res. 24: Mr. H ARRIS and Ms. K APTUR. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. K ATKO , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
H. Res. 54: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. J OHNSON of 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Agriculture in H.R. 2 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 2 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on the Ways and Means in H.R. 2, ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 2 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1739 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 24, 2015 No. 49 