Mr. Vice President, distinguished Members of the Senate and the House, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen. 
my grandfather, standing right here as Prime Minister of Japan, began his address by saying, ‘‘It is because of our strong belief in democratic principles and ideals that Japan associates herself with the free nations of the world.’’ 
I am honored to stand here as the first Japanese Prime Minister ever to address your joint session. I extend my heartfelt gratitude to you for inviting me. I have lots of things to tell you. But I am here with no ability, nor the intention, to filibuster. 
As I stand in front of you today, the 
names of your distinguished colleagues that Japan welcomed as your Ambassadors come back to me: the Honorable Mike Mansfield, Walter Mondale, Tom Foley, and Howard Baker. On behalf of the Japanese people, thank you so very, very much for sending us such shining champions of democracy. 
embodies the tradition of American democracy. Thank you. Thank you, Ambassador Kennedy, for all the dynamic work you have done for all of us. 
Ladies and gentlemen, my first encounter with America goes back to my days as a student when I spent a spell in California. A lady named Catherine Del Francia let me live in her house. 
She was a widow and always spoke of her late husband, saying, ‘‘You know, he was much more handsome than Gary Cooper.’’ She meant it. She really did. 
is there. I don’t dare ask what she says about me. 
was simply out of this world. She was cheerful and so kind as to let lots and lots of people stop by at her house. They were so diverse. I was amazed and said to myself, ‘‘America is an awesome country.’’ 
and I was given the chance to work in New York. 
are neither here nor there. People advance based on merit. When you discuss things, you don’t pay much attention to who is junior or senior. You just choose the best idea, no matter who the idea was from. 
much so, after I got elected as a member of the House, some of the old guard in my party would say, ‘‘Hey, you are so cheeky, Abe.’’ 
‘‘Eighb.’’ Some Americans do call me that every now and then, but I don’t take offense. 
That is because, ladies and gentlemen, the Japanese, ever since they started modernization, have seen the very foundation for democracy in that famous line in the Gettysburg Address. The son of a farmercarpenter can become the President. The fact that such a country existed woke up the Japanese of the late 19th century to democracy. 
For Japan, our encounter with America was also our encounter with democracy, and that was more than 150 years ago, giving us a mature history together. 
World War II Memorial. It was a place of peace and calm that struck me as a sanctuary. The air was filled with the sound of water breaking in the fountains. 
Wall. More than 4,000 gold stars shine on the wall. I gasped with surprise to hear that each star represents the lives of 100 fallen soldiers. I believe those gold stars are a proud symbol of the sacrifices in defending freedom; but, in those gold stars, we also find the pain, sorrow, and love for family of young Americans who otherwise would have lived happy lives. 
Coral Sea, the battles engraved at the memorial crossed my mind, and I reflected upon the lost dreams and lost futures of those young Americans. History is harsh. What is done cannot be undone. With deep repentance in my heart, I stood there in silent prayers for some time. 
profound respect my eternal condolences to the souls of all American people that were lost during World War II. 
landed on Ioto, or the island of Iwo Jima, as a captain in command of a company. In recent years, General Snowden has often participated in the memorial services held jointly by Japan and the U.S. on Ioto. 
Iwo Jima to celebrate victory, but for the solemn purpose to pay tribute to and honor those who lost their lives on both sides.’’ 
Member Yoshitaka Shindo, who is a former member of my Cabinet. His grandfather, General Tadamichi Kuribayashi, whose valor we remember even today, was the commander of the Japanese garrison during the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
miracle of history? Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have become friends bonded in spirit. 
your efforts for reconciliation. Thank you so very much. 
bearing in mind feelings of deep remorse over the war. Our actions brought suffering to the peoples in Asian countries. We must not avert our eyes from that. I will uphold the views expressed by the previous Prime Ministers in this regard. 
every respect to the development of Asia. We must spare no effort in working for the peace and prosperity of the region. Reminding ourselves of all that, we have come all this way. I am proud of this path we have taken. 
reduced to ashes. Then came each and every month from the citizens of the United States gifts to Japan, like milk for our children and warm sweaters and even goats. Yes, from America, 2,036 goats came to Japan. 
biggest benefit from the very beginning by the postwar economic system that the U.S. had fostered by opening up its own market and calling for a liberal world economy. 
rise of the Republic of Korea, Taiwan, the ASEAN countries, and, before long, China as well. This time, Japan too devotedly poured in capital and technologies to support their growths. 
Meanwhile, in the U.S., Japan created more employment than any other foreign nation but one, coming second only to the U.K. In this way, prosperity was fostered first by the U.S. and second by Japan. And prosperity is nothing less than the seedbed for peace. 
whose backgrounds vary, the U.S. and Japan must take the lead. We must take the lead to build a market that is fair, dynamic, sustainable, and is also 
overlook sweatshops or burdens on the environment, nor can we simply allow free riders on intellectual property. No. Instead, we can spread our shared values around the world and have them take root: the rule of law, democracy, and freedom. That is exactly what the TPP is all about. 
Furthermore, the TPP goes far beyond just economic benefits. It is also about our security. Long term, its strategic value is awesome. We should never forget that. 
The TPP covers an area that accounts for 40 percent of the world economy and onethird of global trade. We must turn the area into a region for lasting peace and prosperity. That is for the sake of our children and our children’s children. 
goal is near. Let us bring the TPP to a successful conclusion through our joint leadership. 
I can tell you now. It was about 20 years ago. The GATT negotiations for agriculture were going on. I was much younger and like a ball of fire and opposed to opening Japan’s agricultural market. I even joined farmers’ representatives in a rally in front of the parliament. 
gone into decline over these last 20 years. The average age of our farmers has gone up by 10 years and is now more than 66 years old. 
Japan’s agriculture is at a crossroads. In order for it to survive, it has to change now. We are bringing great reforms toward the agriculture policy that has been in place for decades. We are also bringing sweeping reforms to our agricultural cooperatives that have not been changed in 60 long years. 
now fully in line with global standards because we made it stronger. Rock solid regulations are being broken in such sectors as medicine and energy. And I am the spearhead. 
am determined to do whatever it takes. We are changing some of our old habits to empower women so they can get more actively engaged in all walks of life. 
please do come and see the new Japan, where we have regained our spirit of reform and our sense of speed. Japan will not run away from any reforms. We keep our eyes only on the road ahead and push forward with structural reforms. That is TINA: There Is No Alternative. And there is no doubt about it whatsoever. 
My dear colleagues, the peace and security of the postwar world was not possible without American leadership. Looking back, it makes me happy all the time that Japan of years past made 
the right decision. As I told you at the outset, citing my grandfather, that decision was to choose a path. That is the path for Japan to ally itself with the U.S. and to go forward as a member of the Western world. 
and other likeminded democracies, we won the cold war. That is the path that made Japan grow and prosper, and even today, there is no alternative. 
‘‘rebalancing’’ by the U.S. in order to enhance the peace and security of the AsiaPacific region, and I will state clearly: we will support the U.S. effort first, last, and throughout. 
Japan has deepened its strategic relations with Australia and India. We are enhancing our cooperation across many fields with the countries of ASEAN and the Republic of Korea. Adding those partners to the central pillar that is the U.S.Japan alliance, our region will get stable remarkably more. 
billion in assistance to help improve U.S. bases in Guam, which will gain strategic significance even more in the future. 
let me underscore here my three principles: first, states shall make their claims based on international law; second, they shall not use force or coercion to drive their claims; and, third, to settle disputes—any disputes—they shall do so by peaceful means. 
We must make the vast seas stretching from the Pacific to the Indian Oceans seas of peace and freedom, where all follow the rule of law. For that very reason, we must fortify the U.S.Japan alliance. That is our responsibility. 
are working hard to enhance the legislative foundations for our security. 
more able to provide a seamless response for all levels of crisis. These enhanced legislative foundations should make the cooperation between the U.S. military and Japan’s SelfDefense Forces even stronger, and the alliance still more solid, providing credible deterrence for the peace in the region. This reform is the first of its kind and a sweeping one in our postwar history. We will achieve this by this coming summer. 
Kerry and Carter met our Foreign Minister Kishida and Defense Minister Nakatani for consultations. As a result, we now have a new framework, a framework to better put together the forces of the U.S. and Japan, a framework that is in line with the legislative attempts going on in Japan. That is what is necessary to build peace, more reliable peace in the region. And that is, namely, the new defense cooperation guidelines. 
fully agreed on the significance of these guidelines. Ladies and gentlemen, we agreed on a document that is historic. 
Gulf, Japan’s SelfDefense Forces swept away sea mines. For 10 years, in the Indian Ocean, Japanese SelfDefense Forces supported your operation to stop the flow of terrorists and arms. Meanwhile, in Cambodia, the Golan Heights, Iraq, Haiti, and South Sudan, members of our SelfDefense Forces provided humanitarian support and peacekeeping operations. Their number amounts to 50,000. 
Based on this track record, we are resolved to take yet more responsibility for the peace and stability in the world. It is for that purpose we are determined to enact all necessary bills by this coming summer. And we will do exactly that. 
will be preserved in addition to national security. That is our belief, firm and solid. 
We must do our best so that every individual gets education, medical support, and an opportunity to rise to be selfreliant. Armed conflicts have always made women suffer the most. In our age, we must realize the kind of world where finally women are free from human rights abuses. 
made substantial accomplishments. So have our aid workers, who have worked so steadily. Their combined sum has given us a new selfidentity. 
That is why we now hold up high a 
new banner that is ‘‘proactive contribution to peace based on the principle of international cooperation.’’ Let me repeat. ‘‘Proactive contribution to peace based on the principle of international cooperation’’ should lead Japan along its road for the future. 
infectious diseases, natural disasters, and climate change. The time has come for the U.S.Japan alliance to face up to and jointly tackle those challenges that are new. After all, our alliance has lasted more than a quarter of the entire history of the United States. It is an alliance that is sturdy, bound in trust and friendship, deep between us. 
No new concept should ever be necessary for the alliance that connects us, the biggest and the second biggest democratic powers in the free world, in working together. Always, it is an alliance that cherishes our shared values of the rule of law, respect for human rights, and freedom. 
listened to the radio, there was a song that flew out and shook my heart. It was a song by Carole King. 
When you’re down and troubled . . . close 
your eyes and think of me, and I will be there to brighten up even your darkest night. 
quake, a tsunami, and a nuclear accident hit the northeastern part of Japan. The darkest night fell upon 
Japan. But it was then we saw the U.S. Armed Forces rushing to Japan to the rescue at a scale never seen or heard before. Lots and lots of people from all corners of the U.S. extended the hand of assistance to the children in the disaster areas. Yes, we have got a friend in you. Together, with the victims, you shed tears. You gave us something, something very, very precious. That was hope, hope for the future. 
asset the U.S. has to give to the world was hope, is hope, will be and must always be hope. 
citizens of the United States, let us call the U.S.Japan alliance an alliance of hope. Let the two of us, America and Japan, join our hands together and do our best to make the world a better—a much better—place to live. 
Thank you so much. (Applause, the Members rising.) At 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m., His 
Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, accompanied by the committee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. 
Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: 
joint meeting having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. 
The SPEAKER. The House will continue in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 304. With best wishes, I am 
unanimous consent that the proceedings had during the recess be printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
OF H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2029, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 4, 2015, THROUGH MAY 11, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 223 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be considered as read. 
any such bill back to the House with a recommendation that the bill do pass, the previous question shall be considered as ordered on that bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
period from May 4, 2015, through May 11, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. If Members were listening to the Reading Clerk read this rule, we got into some housekeeping issues at the end. We have got a district workweek coming up next week. We needed to give the Speaker some authorities to continue to conduct the business of the House in a collaborative and a pro forma way. But it was the first part of that rule that is exciting. 
I confess, I was talking to the Parliamentarian the other day, and he was telling me about the way the history of 
the rules had evolved, as folks stand on the House floor during Committee on Rules debate and actually go through 
line by line explaining to the House what is in the rule. It is not every day that I am excited about doing that, Mr. Speaker. 
job. Sometimes the Committee on Rules’ job is saying no. Sometimes the Committee on Rules’ job is being that gatekeeper to the floor of the House, and we have to deliver some bad news to folks. I don’t particularly enjoy reiterating that bad news on the floor of the House. 
all good news for every Member of the House who has any ideas at all about how better to fund the responsibilities of this Nation. They are going to be able to have their voice heard. 
did. We have two bills in this rule, Mr. Speaker: H.R. 2028 and H.R. 2029. I have them here. H.R. 2029 makes appropriations for military construction, Veterans Affairs, and related agencies. I daresay there is not a single Member on the floor of this House that has not grappled with how to better serve the veterans at home in our districts, that has not grappled with how to provide better accountability to the Veterans Administration that is tasked with providing those services. This rule provides that any Member of this Chamber—Republican or Democrat, senior or junior, freshman or retiring—has an opportunity to have their ideas heard. It is the best of what we do in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, and we are going to do it on H.R. 2029. 
This rule also provides for consideration of H.R. 2028. That is the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, Mr. Speaker. Again, I daresay that there is anyone, particularly east of the Mississippi, that has a district that is not in some way impacted by the Army Corps of Engineers. The Army Corps of Engineers is funded in this legislation. Individual projects are funded in this legislation. 
Member of this Chamber that has an idea about how to better appropriate these dollars—these dollars that belong not to us as individual Members, but to the American taxpayer—how to better be accountable, be effective, be efficient with these tax dollars, Mr. Speaker, they can come to this floor and have their amendments heard. 
often that the Senate only has two rules: the unanimous consent and exhaustion. The Committee on Rules prevents us from having to have that structure here, but it is true that you can effectively filibuster in this Chamber as well: you can come down; you can move to strike the last word; you can have debate go on forever. I don’t believe that serves us particularly well. 
and a need to have your voice heard, to have your constituents’ voices heard; 
but what this rule does do, which is why we are going to call it a modified open rule instead of a completely open rule, is it restricts what one might call dilatory amendments, what one might call clarifying conversation. It restricts these pro forma amendments, where you are not actually trying to change any language, you just want to come down here and talk, 10 on each side controlled by the subcommittee chairmen. 
these two bills that we are going to make in order under this bill is they both passed out of the Committee on Appropriations on a voice vote. As you know, Mr. Speaker, there are some contentious things that we do in this institution and, arguably, appropriating is one of the hardest things that this institution has to do, but passing these bills out of committee on a voice vote tells us about the collaborative way in which these bills were put together. 
to be folks on both sides of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, who disagree with the funding levels in these bills. There are going to be Republicans who wish that they funded less, Democrats who wish they funded more; there are going to be Democrats who wish they funded less, and Republicans who wish they funded more. 
have done that first. And candidly, as a member of the House Committee on the Budget, a Member who proudly supported the budget that passed here on the floor of the House, I thought that conference report was going to be ready on Monday of this week. It is not. It is not. So this rule also deems those levels that the House has already passed, those levels that we absolutely expect to be the levels of funding in that conference report, to be the levels of funding for this Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, for this Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, as is appropriate. 
process today, Mr. Speaker, at the earliest point in 40 years. How many of my colleagues are frustrated, disappointed, 
disillusioned when this Chamber cannot get its work done? 
there are legitimate reasons why we cannot accomplish some of the goals that we have set out to accomplish, but I promise you, Mr. Speaker, the funding clock waits on no Member. Come September 30 of this year, funding will expire for the entire Federal Government. The earlier we start to solve that issue, the better chance we have of getting it done. And working together, collaboratively, voice votes out of subcommittee, big votes out on the budget bill, we are starting earlier than we have since 1973. 
Mr. Speaker; flawed processes yield flawed results. This is the kind of rule that I think every Member of this body wishes we could see more of here on the House floor. This is going to allow for the kind of debate that is not going to predetermine the outcome, but is going to allow Members to come down to the floor and make their case to their colleagues, have the kind of debate the American people expect, and let the chips fall where they may. You get 218 votes, you get to change this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I signed up to be on the 
Committee on Rules because I knew that we would have the opportunity to unleash this institution, the opportunity to allow every Member who comes from such diverse backgrounds, who have so much to contribute. Mr. Speaker, I just got here 4 years ago with my voting card lent to me by the Seventh District of Georgia. Folks in my class that came in 4 years ago, they are already in the top 50 percent of seniority in this institution. The American people have been turning folks out at record speed, which means we have been bringing in new talent like never before. 
around here is geared towards those who have been here the longest. They think that only after you have achieved a subcommittee chairmanship or a committee chairmanship will you be able to have input on the process. The Committee on Rules says no. The Committee on Appropriations says no. On these bills in this process, every single Member has a chance to have their voice heard, a chance to come down here, make their case, and have an impact on the final product. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be carrying this rule today, and I urge strong support from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we consider this bill throughout the afternoon and on final passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Georgia, my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
assigned task, I do feel very strongly, as I am sure many Members of the House of Representatives and many American citizens feel, the horror of 
what transpired in Nepal, and I would just like to say, probably speaking for just about every Member, that our heartfelt condolences are with the Nepalese people, and our hope is that the world will rally to them, as have many, including America, and allow the injured and the homeless to be taken care of. 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016 provides for a total of $76.6 billion in discretionary funding, including overseas contingency operations, as well as $7 billion for military construction and family housing projects, and $163.2 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, provides a total allocation of $35.4 billion for energy and water resource projects. 
as did my colleague from Georgia, that this rule is a modified open rule, with time limits set to 10 minutes’ debate per amendment, and not an open rule to allow all Members to have a full and robust debate on the House floor. 
I commend my colleague from Georgia, who has been a continuing advocate for open rules, and I also recognize his explanation that the, in his words, restriction of time was to avoid what would amount to unnecessary debate. 
But as has become custom under Republican leadership, we are once again limiting the amount of deliberation permitted on issues that are critically important to our Nation and our constituents. Nevertheless, I am proud, as is my friend from Georgia, that Republicans and Democrats—the word he used is ‘‘collaborated,’’ and I agree— were able to come together to draft H.R. 2029, the legislation that appropriates funds to military construction projects, improves the quality of life for veterans and military families, and allows for the continued operation of the essential functions of our Nation’s governing body. 
These measures include the implementation of stringent, but effective, reporting requirements for the VistA electronic health records system, as well as the continued efforts to eliminate the veterans’ claims backlog by fully funding endeavors to implement digital scanning of health records and improvements to centralized mail. 
us another step closer to ensuring that those who have dedicated themselves to defending our Nation will receive the benefits they have rightly earned and deserve. 
several important aspects, the Republican’s fiscal year 2016 budget caps will have real and drastic cuts to essential programs that are necessary to support the brave individuals who served our 
great Nation in combat and who will bear the costs of those wars for decades to come. 
budget resolution spending caps, political maneuvering, and gimmicks—I remember when I was a child and I first learned about the magical terminology ‘‘hocuspocus,’’ and it comes to mind that we are sort of in imaginary land here, with the political maneuvering and gimmicks—military construction funding stands to be slashed by $1.2 billion, and the Department of Veterans Affairs comes in at $1.4 billion below the amount requested. 
we had a lengthy proceeding, and every member on the Rules Committee had an opportunity to speak to this issue. Almost as a collective voice, there was criticism of Veterans Affairs and how it functions and its failures over a protracted period of time. 
about how many people work for VA, total; and I learned for the first time that there are 340,000 people that work in interrelated capacities for VA. 
were made about people who are flawed and rightly should be criticized, but I don’t feel all 340,000 people who work on behalf of veterans, particularly in areas that I am privileged to serve, have seen changes that are positive and helpful, although there is always room for improvement. 
Affairs employees to receive the same 1.3 percent increase in their pay, and this measure disallows that, and I don’t think that is right. I believe that many of those persons have rightfully earned what other Federal employees are to receive as a minimal increase in these very troubled economic times. 
shift $532 million to the overseas contingency operations account—which, incidentally, does not count against the budget cap—creates the appearance that we have allocated the robust and necessary funding that our military requires when, in reality, we fail to do so. 
have served in our military, along with their families, deserve the very best our Nation has to offer. When it comes to investments in our infrastructure, our military, and our country, we all must recognize that not all spending is bad spending. We can and we must do better. 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, is also an important piece of legislation. This bill provides funding for many critical defense and nondefense areas, from vital water resource projects to essential weapons, naval reactor, and nuclear proliferation funding. All of these funding projects enjoy largely bipartisan support. 
That is why it is a shame, in my 
bipartisan funding measures by attaching partisan policy riders, and I am sure Members are going to be down here speaking loudly about some of them. 
very robust funding for the Army Corps of Engineers at $5.6 billion in total. That is an increase of $142 million from fiscal year 2015. 
Unfortunately, my friends on the other side have elected to add an amendment to this funding that will allow guns to be carried on all Corps of Engineers land. 
this, and I anticipate that, beginning in the month of May, I will speak more not just about this particular measure, but about the epidemic of gun violence in this society. I did not coin that phrase. The former Surgeon General, Mr. Satcher, pointed that out a decade ago—nearly—and it is as true today as at any other point. 
an important appropriations bill that will allow more guns into recreational areas used by families? I just simply cannot understand that. Does anyone really believe an appropriations bill is the appropriate place to amend our gun laws? 
minds do not. Clause 2 of rule XXI prohibits members of the House Rules to legislate on an appropriations measure. Significantly and dangerously, Republicans have granted a waiver of this important rule. 
I won’t speak more about it. As I indicated, there will be more to come on this business of guns in our society, and I will make it very clear where I am coming from. I feel it is in the interest of society and not in opposition to the Second Amendment. 
Here is another example. This bill allocates $1.178 billion for the harbor maintenance trust fund, vital funding needed to help further usher our ports and harbors in the 21st century, but then my friends on the other side of the aisle saw fit to attach an amendment that will prevent the Army Corps of Engineers from taking commonsense steps to clarify which waters are protected by the Clean Water Act. 
fully fund an agency as vital as the Army Corps of Engineers and then, in the next breath, tie their hands by preventing them from making commonsense determinations on what is widely acknowledged to be a state of confusion about the scope of the law’s pollution control programs? Let the Corps do its job. 
of the aisle trying to weigh down this important funding bill with unnecessary and partisan policy riders? 
This bill funds essential nuclear proliferation activities—$1.9 million worth—as well as environmental cleanup efforts. We should not be threatening the funding to stop the spread of 
nuclear weapons or the preservation of our environment and construction of our harbors just so the Republicans can have a partisan fight over gutting the Clean Water Act or attempting to change our gun laws. 
responsibility in budgeting in this institution—again, one that has not been fulfilled, I would argue, in more than a decade, that will be fulfilled this year for the very first time. 
We had a choice in the Budget Committee. I serve on the Budget Committee as well, Mr. Speaker. We had a choice in the Budget Committee about whether or not we were just going to pretend that we could fund at certain levels or whether we were going to actually follow the law. 
that we have those conversations in Washington; but, yes, the conversation goes: Am I just going to do whatever I want to do? Or am I going to follow the law? 
conversation occurs at all. I would have said that that is kind of the definition of the law: you don’t get whatever you want to do; you have to follow the law. I wish that we could drive that message home across so many different parts of our society. The law is the law. 
budget requests to us for these bills, as he will for other appropriations bills, Mr. Speaker. 
Appropriations bill, the President requested a 5 percent increase in that funding. Now, had we passed that 5 percent increase without changing the law, we are going to roll around to October 1, at the beginning of the fiscal year, and the law is going to snap that 5 percent increase right back down to legally allowed levels. 
The choice we had in the Appropriations Committee—and I so admire my friends on the Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speaker—we had a choice of either pretending we were going to spend a lot of money funding all of our priorities, only to have the law snap those down across the board, or we could be honest about how much money was available and make sure we were prioritizing every single dollar as best we could. 
President asked for a 5 percent increase. The Appropriations Committee provided a 3 percent increase, as the law allows. In the case of Military Construction and the VA, the President asked for just over an 8 percent increase. The Appropriations Committee provided a 6 percent increase, as the law allows. I would challenge my friends on the 
other side of the aisle. I would challenge my friends on this side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker. Thirty years ago, twothirds of what the Federal Government funded in this country was funded out of this institution. It was funded through the Appropriations Committee. It was this body making decisions and choices based on our constituents’ needs and desires about how to use taxpayer dollars—not so today. 
Today, it is exactly the opposite; instead of this institution funding two thirds of the budget and onethird of it being mandatory spending, now, two thirds is mandatory, and only one third is available for this body to make decisions about. 
let’s find that agreement that reforms mandatory spending, as every Member of this Chamber knows needs to happen, and let’s reallocate those dollars to what was designed in the Budget Control Act of 2011 to allow us to fund these discretionary priorities at a higher level. 
I want to build things. For Pete’s sake, in this Energy and Water Development bill, we do. We fund the Corps of Engineers in this bill. 
We have the Savannah Harbor expansion project in the great State of Georgia. We are the fastest growing container port in the Nation, Mr. Speaker—the fastest growing in the Nation— trying to prepare for the new Panamax ships coming through the new Panama Canal. 
in order to maximize the use of taxpayer dollars, in order to make sure that taxpayers get the best bang for their buck on this project of national importance, we need to build it in 6 years, at the rate of $100 million a year. Six years, $100 million a year, is the way we maximize taxpayer dollars. 
million. That is $21 million. We are going to string that project out year after year after year, costing the taxpayer more. 
Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speaker. As it turns out, the rules of the House don’t allow us to prioritize those projects. That is what the President asked for. The Appropriations Committee wasn’t able to ask for any more than the President asked for. 
but that is not the right way to appropriate, and if we could work together to reallocate those dollars, I would do it tomorrow. 
I challenge my friends to find a mandatory spending reform bill that I will not support. It is critical that we do it. It is critical to our seniors. It is critical to the young people. It is critical to the governance of this Nation. 
But to the degree that I have complaints about this bill, my friends have complaints about this bill, with the passage of this rule, we are going to 
down here and make those improvements known. We will have upordown votes. Some amendments will lose; some amendments will win. 
That is the way this bill was written, and that is the way this bill will be passed, and that should make us all very proud. 
much enjoy the passion of my good friend from Georgia. I am sure he feels the same as me. He kind of has an advantage over me today, in that he is on the Budget Committee. Happily, I would report to him I brought along some people from the Budget Committee that can take up the slack that I might offer. 
I am delighted at this time to yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend being willing to yield. 
deems, as if passed, a budget resolution that, at best, is an economic fantasy and, at worst, does serious damage to our country. 
proof that our Republican colleagues are continuing to rely on faithbased accounting in this budget. They are closing their eyes and praying that it works. But it doesn’t work. The numbers don’t add up, and this rule makes those shortcomings clear. 
measure do not meet our moral obligation to move our country forward and help the American people. Not only do they fail to meet the needs of the people we represent, they fail to meet a basic standard of honest budgeting. 
down economics doesn’t work. We have seen that time and time again, unfortunately, in this century. Yet, this rule puts in place funding levels that are supposedly balanced by the unsupportable belief that tax cuts generate more revenue. 
result in dramatic cuts to education, infrastructure, and innovation, cuts to investments that we know we need to prepare our children and grandchildren to lead the world in the new global economy and to grow our economy. 
This deemed budget resolution pretends we can afford more tax cuts for the ultrawealthy who do not need them, while it increases taxes for middle class families that they can’t afford. 
This rule deems in place funding levels that will continue to use the overseas contingency operations account budget line as a slush fund, abandoning the Republicans’ own commitments to maintaining sequesterlevel spending 
for our national defense, while cutting nearly every program that helps hardworking Americans get ahead. 
the mark in fulfilling our obligation to adequately fund investments that will allow us to continue our economic recovery. Simply put, this budget falls woefully short. 
funding levels deemed in this rule and ensure that American families will not be forced to work harder and get less. 
I enjoy serving on the Budget Committee with my friend from Kentucky. The budget is that first step of any accounting process for the year, and my friend is absolutely right. 
passed that budget conference report first thing when we got into town this week. Anybody who is reading the newspaper knows it slowed down in the Senate. We have all the numbers worked out. There are some other issues going on. I won’t bore folks with those details. 
name of getting the people’s business done, take those budget levels that have passed in this House, that have passed in the Senate, that are on their way back over here in a conference report, and sets those as the funding levels for this year. 
in law. That is the fantasy part of some of our funding debates. I could agree with all my colleagues that we need to triple funding on X, Y, or Z project, but the law won’t allow it. We will pass that on the floor of the House, but as soon as the beginning of the fiscal year rolls around, the law will sequester those dollars, snap that funding back down. 
have tough decisions to be made, I don’t want to leave those tough decisions to an automatic sequestration process. I don’t want to leave those tough decisions to some automatic process of law. I want to take responsibility for those decisions here. I want us to make these decisions together. 
If we have to grapple with it, let us 
grapple together, but let’s be honest with folks that there is no free lunch here. If we want it, we have to pay for it. 
point, we are paying for a lot of it out the overseas contingency operations account. I voted ‘‘no’’ on that decision when it came to the House floor, as my friend from Kentucky did as well. We lost. 
That is the funny thing about this institution, Mr. Speaker. I told my constituents about all the amazing things I was going to get up here to do, I was going to do them on their behalf. It turns out, if I can’t get 217 of my colleagues up to agree with me, I can’t do squat. We tried and we failed on that account. So now we have the numbers that we have; we have the bill that we have; we have the law that we have; and as much as we might want it to be different, it isn’t. 
That is why this open rule is so important, Mr. Speaker, because we have the bill that we have; we have the law that we have; and now we have a process that allows every Member of this Chamber to come down here and improve it. 
look like at the end of the process. It is not a foregone conclusion who has the votes and who doesn’t, and I believe in my heart the bill will be better at the end than it was at the beginning because that is what the collective wisdom of this institution brings. 
time I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), another member of 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Chair cannot respond to a parliamentary inquiry on a nonpending measure. 
Speaker, is really clear. It says that the provisions of the House Concurrent Resolution 27, as adopted by the House, shall have the force and effect in the House as though Congress has adopted such concurrent resolution. I am hearing that we have adopted it, so have we? 
In order to take up these appropriations bills, we are supposed to have passed that. I am on the budget conference committee, and I didn’t recall that we had passed it, sir. 
or not we are operating under a passed budget resolution that has passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
opposition to this rule because, once again, here we are with all kinds of flowery notions about the law and so forth, and we are actually deeming this budget as passed. 
As a member of the Budget Conference Committee, I can tell you that the reason for the delay is not because there was an attempt to reach a bipartisan agreement. Oh, no. The Democratic budget conferees have been completely shut out of the budget negotiation process. 
pesky Democrats in the way, it would not have been that hard for the majoritycontrolled House and the Senate to 
to shred the social safety net, drive more people into poverty, cut our investments in infrastructure, block grant Medicaid, slash SNAP, end the Affordable Care Act and then, of course, keep the money and the savings from the Affordable Care Act, and take 69 percent of nondefense cuts from low income and moderateincome families. They could have done it. 
So instead of the majority party governing, they have resorted to this plan B and deeming the budget as passed. 
budget claims to balance in 10 years, but it doesn’t do it. It gets the savings from the Affordable Care Act, which it eliminates. And also, to appease the war hawks in the Republican caucus, they throw this money into the overseas contingency operations, also known as a slush fund. 
the Republican Party doubling down on the same ‘‘cut our way into prosperity’’ approach. That is another charade claiming that block grants are just another form of enabling States to have more flexibility. When you hear the word ‘‘flexibility,’’ think massive cuts. It means eviscerating the social safety net. 
just ruling on parliamentary issues. I have no such constraint here. I can opine on the budget process itself. 
And I would say to my friend that I 
share her frustration. I absolutely do. I have been in this Chamber 4 years. We have had to deem appropriations levels every single year. Not once—not once— have we been able to agree on conference budget numbers in the 4 years that I have served in this House. 
Now, for the previous 4 years, I confess, I pointed the finger at the Senate, and I pointed the finger at the Senate’s leader who, at that time, was Senator REIDfrom Nevada. Today we have a 
new Senate leader, and I can’t point the finger at the other party. If we can’t get this right, it is my leader in the Senate who can’t get this right. But I believe we are. Mr. Speaker, I believe we are. 
report. It was supposed to be done earlier this week. We have never had a shot at getting it done in the past. We are on the brink of that agreement. So what is happening here today, far from being an unusual circumstance, is the best we have done in 5 years. 
from new leadership in the Senate. I expect us to do better than we did last year; I expect us to do better than we did 2 years ago; and I expect us to be even better next year than we are this year. The first time in more than a decade, the first time in more than a decade we have had a shot at a governing budget document. But to be fair, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
distinguish between the budget and the law. A lot of folks believe that the budget of the United States becomes the law of the land. It does not. The President never signs the budget of the United States. It is an agreement between the House and the Senate. That distinguishes it from the budget caps and the Budget Control Act, which are absolutely the law of the land, passed by the House and Senate, signed by President Obama. 
that we want to see in funding levels, we can decide anything we want to in this Chamber. But the law of the land is not what we decide in our budget document; it is what was decided back in August of 2011 when the budget caps from the Budget Control Act came into being. 
this conference budget agreement, the opportunity to be working from the same sheet of budgeting music on both sides of the Hill, is amazing. I can’t tell you, as a Budget Committee member, how hard we have worked to achieve it and how much I anticipate it. It wasn’t yesterday; so far it is not today; but it is going to be soon. 
I don’t want that to stand in the way 
of getting the people’s business done. We have two great appropriations bills here, again, passed by voice votes out of committee, composed in collaborative ways within the Appropriations Committee. These two bills deserve to be heard on the floor of the House; they deserve to be heard this week; and with passage of this rule, they will be. 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida, the great State of Florida (Ms. BROWN ), my very, 
very good friend who is an expert in veterans affairs, among other things. 
Members of the House: dead on arrival. You know, you can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time. I rise in strong opposition to this rule and to the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. 
new Choice Act program, this Republican budget takes two steps back with its cuts in veterans health care. Just another example of Republicans talking the talk but not walking the walk. 
for it. You can ask the veterans service organizations who represent the interests of our veterans. Every last one of them oppose this bill. 
The national commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars said the following about the Republicans’ veterans bill: ‘‘The VA cannot fulfill its mission without proper funding, but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to ration care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the 
programs and services that the VA was created to provide. This bill is bad for veterans, and any vote for it is unconscionable.’’ 
budget later this week that provides more money for the Department of Defense than the Pentagon requested, while cutting funds for health care and services for every veteran that is returning from battle. 
George Washington, the first President of the United States, said: ‘‘The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by our Nation.’’ 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
bill truly fails the test of appreciation our veterans deserve. 
on the Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, and send this bad legislation back to the drawing board. 
veterans from health care. I can’t imagine any Democrat or any Republican voting for this bill. 
One of the things I love about this institution is the passion with which folks come to the floor of this House, and so often that passion is directed at improving the services for those who have served us. 
right when he said in his opening statement that in the Rules Committee last night, the frustration with the VA and in trying to provide accountable services to our veterans was universal. This is not a partisan issue. Serving those who have served us is an issue that comes from the heart, and it comes from every Member of this Chamber. 
But I will remind all of my friends, if 
you are wondering whether or not we are fulfilling that commitment, this is the bill that this institution passed last year with only one dissenting vote. And this bill increases funding over last year by 6 percent. 
woman question the commitment of our friends on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, our friends doing the Military Construction and VA Appropriations bill. I know the commitment to be universal, which is why in a time of budget cuts, which is why in a time of sequestration, which is why in a time when almost every account of the Federal budget is under strain, this account goes not down but up, and up by 6 percent over what this body passed almost unanimously last year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 91⁄2minutes 
advise my friend from Georgia that I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
I wish to place the Statement of Administration Policy, with reference to both these matters, in the RECORD . 
H.R. 2029—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VET ERANS AFFAIRS , AND RELATED AGENCIES AP PROPRIATIONS ACT , 2016 
House passage of H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The bill fails to fully fund critical priorities, including veterans’ medical care and military and VA construction. Furthermore, the legislation includes a highly problematic ideological rider that would constrain the President’s ability to protect our national security. If the President were presented with H.R. 2029, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Moreover, enacting H.R. 2029 while adhering to the congressional Republican budget’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and shortchange investments in middleclass priorities. Sequestration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and nondefense funding that policymakers would be motivated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base discretionary funding for both defense and nondefense for FY 2016 to the lowest real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vulnerable children losing access to Head Start, more than two million fewer workers receiving job training and employment services, and thousands fewer scientific and medical research awards and grants, adversely impacting the pace of discovery and innovation, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Maintaining sequestration would also negatively impact programs that provide important services to our Nation’s veterans and are funded in appropriations bills where House Republicans propose to make even deeper cuts relative to the President’s Budget than in H.R. 2029. For example, American Job Centers serve 1.2 million veterans annually, including 300,000 who receive intensive employment services. Transition assistance provides 200,000 service members each year with employment guidance and information as they prepare to enter the civilian workforce. And hundreds of thousands of veterans rely on a wide range of Department of Housing and Urban Development programs for housing support and homeless assistance each year. 
Sequestration levels would also put our national security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other nondefense programs that help keep us safe. More broadly, the strength of our economy and the security of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestration going forward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing nondefense. 
The President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 2029 and any other legislation that implements the current Republican budget framework, which blocks the investments we need for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non defense priorities and to offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both parties have urged. 
opportunity to share additional views regarding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
Veterans Affairs Medical Care. The Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for our Nation’s veterans; however, the Administration objects to the Committee’s overall $585 million reduction to the FY 2016 Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Care request. If enacted, this reduction would negatively impact medical care services for tens of thousands of veterans and reduce VA’s ability to activate new and replacement facilities with sufficient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastructure. 
Veterans Affairs Construction. The Administration objects to the Committee’s $582 million reduction to the FY 2016 VA major construction request. This reduction would prevent building upgrades and renovations, including necessary expansions to medical facilities and national cemeteries that would improve services to our veterans. The bill would significantly constrain VA’s ability to make progress on its highest priority capital projects. 
Administration also objects to the Committee’s other reductions to the overall VA request, including $159 million in reductions for employee awards, bonuses, and the President’s proposed 1.3 percent pay raise for Federal employees. As VA attempts to enhance staffing to deliver better care to veterans, these reductions will hinder the Department’s ability to recruit and retain personnel critical to the provision of benefits and services to veterans The Administration urges the Congress to provide the proposed 1.3 percent pay increase for Federal civilian employees. 
objects to the Committee’s underfunding of military construction in the President’s FY 2016 base defense budget by $1.3 billion, which will delay or defer projects that serve critical needs for members of our Armed Forces and their families. The projects requested in the FY 2016 Budget reflect the highest priority projects for the Department of Defense, and the Administration requests full funding for each project. 
Funds. The Administration strongly objects to the Committee’s use of $532 million of OCO funds intended for wars and not subject to the budget caps to pay for longterm infrastructure investments. Shifting longterm defense costs to OCO is bad budget policy and bad defense policy, since it undermines longterm planning. Moreover, the Administration has made clear that it will not accept attempts to fix defense without nondefense by using OCO as a mechanism to evade the defense budget cap. 
strongly objects to section 512 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in 
the United States to house individuals held in the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. This provision would constrain the flexibility that the Nation’s Armed Forces and counterterrorism professionals need to best protect U.S. national security, intruding upon the Executive Branch’s ability to carry out its mission. 
The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress as the FY 2016 appropriations process moves forward. 
House passage of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. The bill drastically underfunds critical investments that develop American energy sources to build a clean and secure energy future; develop and commercialize the emerging technologies that create highquality jobs and enhance the Nation’s economic competitiveness; and improve resilience against current and ongoing climate impacts that threaten our economy, public health, and natural resources. As a result, it would put at risk U.S. competitiveness in new markets for clean energy industries such as advanced vehicles, advanced manufacturing, energy efficiency for homes and businesses, and domestic renewable energy such as wind, solar, and biomass. It would also harm efforts to implement the President’s nuclear strategy and advance counterproliferation objectives. Furthermore, the legislation includes highly problematic ideological riders, including provisions that threaten to undermine our ability to protect a resource that is essential to America’s health: clean water. If the President were presented with H.R. 2028, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
In addition, enacting H.R. 2028, while adhering to the congressional Republican budget’s overall spending limits for fiscal year (FY) 2016 would hurt our economy and shortchange investments in middleclass priorities. Sequestration was never intended to take effect: rather, it was supposed to threaten such drastic cuts to both defense and nondefense funding that policymakers would be motivated to come to the table and reduce the deficit through smart, balanced reforms. The Republican framework would bring base discretionary funding for both defense and nondefense for FY 2016 to the lowest real levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s Budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vulnerable children losing access to Head Start, more than two million fewer workers receiving job training and employment services, and thousands fewer scientific and medical 
research awards and grants, adversely impacting the pace of discovery and innovation, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
Sequestration levels would also put our national security at unnecessary risk, not only through pressures on defense spending, but also through pressures on State, USAID, Homeland Security, and other nondefense programs that help keep us safe. More broadly, the strength of our economy and the security of our Nation are linked. That is why the President has been clear that he is not willing to lock in sequestration going forward, nor will he accept fixes to defense without also fixing nondefense. 
The President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 2028 and any other legislation that implements the current Republican budget framework, which blocks the investments needed for our economy to compete in the future. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reverse sequestration for defense and non defense priorities and offset the cost with commonsense spending and tax expenditure cuts, as Members of Congress from both parties have urged. 
opportunity to share additional views regarding the Committee’s version of the bill. 
Energy. The Administration strongly objects to the $1.6 billion provided in the bill for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. Overall this level is $1.1 billion below the FY 2016 Budget request. Relative to the FY 2016 Budget request, the bill reduces funding for renewable energy by 49 percent, sustainable transportation by 35 percent, and energy efficiency by 40 percent. The proposed reductions significantly underfund critical activities that support the development and commercialization of clean energy technologies. At this funding level, the number of research, development, and demonstration projects supported in cooperation with industry, universities, and the national labs would be reduced, limiting innovation and technological advancement, curtailing solutions to cut U.S. dependence on oil and reduce energy waste, and undermining the Nation’s industrial competitiveness in the future global clean energy economy. The Congress is urged to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget request of $2.7 billion. The Administration is also disappointed that the bill does not include transfer language necessary to support joint efforts with the Navy and the Department of Agriculture to develop advanced dropin biofuels for military applications, a provision included in the FY 2015 enacted bill. 
Advanced Research Projects AgencyEnergy (ARPAE). The Administration objects to the $280 million provided in the bill for ARPAE, which is $45 million below the FY 2016 Budget request. This funding reduction would impact investments and delay improvements in technologies that reduce energyrelated emissions, increase energy efficiency across multiple economic sectors, and reduce energy imports. 
Fossil Energy and Nuclear Energy. The Administration notes that the bill includes funding above the FY 2016 Budget request in some areas that are already well established in the market, including for nuclear and fossil energy, and yet makes drastic reductions in those that are most crucial to the Nation’s clean energy future and continued U.S. technology leadership. The Administration encourages the Congress to fund DOE’s energy programs at the requested level, as this balances the portfolio among items of short, medium, and longterm progress and promotes U.S. leadership in these technology areas. 
Office of Science. While the Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for the Office of Science, the level of funding provided, which is $240 million below the FY 2016 Budget request, is insufficient to maintain U.S. leadership in high performance computing as the United States moves into capable exascale systems to support discovery science, national security, and economic competitiveness. 
The Administration objects to language in the bill that requires the Secretary of Energy to continue construction of the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility. This language is unnecessarily restrictive and would preclude alternative, and potentially more costeffective, approaches to implementing U.S. commitments in the 2000 Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement and its 2010 annex to dispose of excess weapons plutonium. DOE contracted for an independent validation of costs for plutonium disposition alternatives in accordance with congressional mandates. The results of that analysis will inform the Administration’s approach to plutonium disposition. Information on the first phase of that analysis was provided to the Congress on April 21st. 
Administration opposes the $212 million level provided for SPR. In addition to base program activities, the FY 2016 Budget request of $257 million includes resources to fund timely replacement of equipment and physical systems, to begin to address the backlog of deferred maintenance activities, and to enhance distribution flexibility and reliability. 
The Administration urges the Congress to fully fund the FY 2016 Budget request of $131 million for EIA to support expanded domestic energy data and analysis, address critical energy data gaps (including monthly movements of crude oil by rail), and increase integration of EIA energy data with Canada and Mexico. 
Yucca Mountain. The Administration objects to the funding provided in the bill for Yucca Mountain and is disappointed with the rejection of the practical solutions proposed in the President’s nuclear waste strategy. As reflected in the FY 2016 Budget request, this strategy incorporates important and workable elements, such as consentbased siting, interim storage of waste, and program funding reforms that are essential to the success of a Nuclear Waste Program. 
Mountain. The Administration objects to the funding provided in the bill for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue adjudication of the Yucca Mountain license application. 
Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects. The Administration appreciates full funding for the OFC at the level of the FY 2016 Budget request, but is disappointed that the statutory amendment proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request is not included. The amendment is critical to the OFC’s ability to fulfill its mission under current market conditions, which have changed the nature of projects being proposed. 
$5.6 billion for the Corps civil works program. The Administration believes the more appropriate overall funding levels proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request would limit wasteful spending on projects that provide a low or marginal return to the Nation and would avoid reductions in other priority areas, such as protecting the Nation’s water resources and important investments in clean energy technologies. 
Corps Regulatory Program. The Administration encourages the Congress to fund the Corps regulatory program at the requested level. A $5 million reduction in funding would inhibit the Corps’ ability to issue permits in a timely manner and to protect important aquatic resources, while undertaking needed programmatic improvements, including implementation of the pending Clean Water rulemaking. 
Clean Water Act (C WA). The Administration believes that the CWA riders in the bill undermine efforts to protect America’s clean water resources, which are critical to American families and businesses. The Administration strongly objects to section 105 of the bill in particular, which would disrupt the Administration’s current efforts to clarify the scope of CWA, hamstring future regulatory efforts, and create significant ambiguity regarding existing regulations and guidance. 
Firearms Policy. The Administration objects to section 107 of the bill, which prohibits the Corps from enforcing its ban on 
firearms at a water resources development project. If enacted, this provision would prevent the Secretary of the Army from using the discretion now provided in law to enforce or revise the current Corps policy, based on considerations such as the security of critical infrastructure, public and employee safety, and the manner in which the firearm is carried (e.g., open vs. concealed). Corps rangers are not authorized to carry firearms and do not have full Federal law enforcement authority. 
National Ocean Policy. The Administration objects to section 505 of the bill, which prohibits any funding provided in the bill from being used to implement the marine planning components of the National Ocean Policy. This rider would prohibit DOE and the Corps from participating in marine and coastal planning efforts, a process to better determine how the ocean, the Nation’s coasts, and the Great Lakes are managed in an efficient manner. 
$1.1 billion for the Bureau of Reclamation and $9.9 million for the Central Utah Project. The Administration appreciates the Committee’s support for the Bureau of Reclamation water resources program. 
The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress as the FY 2016 appropriations process moves forward. 
am pleased with the level of support provided in these pieces of legislation for essential military, veterans, defense, and water resources programs, they should not serve as vehicles to make substantive policy changes to our Nation’s gun laws or gut important environmental protections; nor should we stand idly by while Republicans in Congress slash funding for critically important veterans and military services under the guise of a spending increase. 
that I talked about last night, I offered an amendment that would selfexecute to the rule that would strike section 107 from the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. This is one of the riders in H.R. 2028 that would allow guns to be carried on Army Corps land. 
legislation would strip the Secretary of the Army from using the discretion currently provided to enforce or revise the Corps’ policy prohibiting firearms on Corps land. 
from law enforcement officials that allow them to determine what is best for the security of our Nation’s infrastructure and the safety of public employees, in my judgment, is dangerous and wrong. 
for a waiver, which my friends tend to do for a variety of measures, and they wind up being poison pills in substantive legislation. 
While I believe in the right of Americans to own firearms, last night I made it very clear: I own a gun. When I was a child, at age 7, I had a BB gun. When I was 12 years old, I had a singleshot rifle. And I was taught, as were all of my friends, to not point those guns at people unless you intended to do them harm. 
fights that I imagine occur at any of our institutions. But not one of us would run home and get a gun or carry a gun. To proliferate this society with the variety of gun laws that exist, where people can carry guns openly on Corps land or concealed in certain other States, that is just plain crazy. 
by thenSurgeon General Satcher that I used again today: ‘‘Youth violence is an epidemic.’’ He delivered that in response to a report he commissioned in the year 2002. At the time, his study revealed that 13 children each day died as a result of guns. 
that plagues our Nation has not diminished in recent years. In Riviera Beach last week, a child 2 years old was shot. In the same constituency that I am privileged to serve, a mother was fatally shot by her 3yearold that got her gun from her purse. 
what is going on. And I intend in May to raise this issue in this body and around this Nation so that people can learn just how many people are dying in this way. 
The National Rifle Association does not control this body nor the Florida Legislature nor any other body. As I said, I don’t mind arguing for the Second Amendment. But to carry it to the extent that it has gone is just plain wrong. Everybody in our society knows that, and I am going to try to make sure that they continue to know that. 
this bill. It locks in sequestration. The administration speaks to that subject in their Statement of Administration Policy. 
bring base discretionary funding for both defense and nondefense to the lowest levels in a decade. Compared to the President’s budget, the cuts would result in tens of thousands of the Nation’s most vulnerable children losing 
access to Head Start; more than 2 million fewer workers receiving job training and employment services; and thousands fewer scientific and medical research awards and grants, adversely impacting the pace of discovery, any innovation, along with other impacts that would hurt the economy, the middle class, and Americans working hard to reach the middle class. 
meant to put us in this unnecessary risk, and I would urge that we not go 
Georgia that we may be on the brink of what excites him—and it would excite me as well—if we got ourselves a balanced budget, but a part of that has gimmickry in it as well. It is done on the reconciliation because the great majority of people over in the other body may not have the same sentiment as some who serve on the relevant committee at this point in time in the U.S. Senate. 
Cliche allows that Yogi Berra be utilized here; that is, ‘‘It ain’t over ’til it’s over.’’ 
going to pass this thing, that it was going to come back from the Senate on Wednesday. Last time I looked, this was Wednesday. Or as my daddy used to say, It is Wednesday all day long unless it rains. I never did know what would happen if it rained. I guess it would just be a rainy Wednesday. 
now I am hearing from my good friend from Georgia that they are close. That is what happened when we set up this thing with this special committee, superpeople, supercommittee that was supposed to bring us back a budget, and then missed out on opportunities with Erskine Bowles and brought us back this sequestration that has this body hamstrung and has us in the position of allowing that authorizers and appropriators are locked into the position that they are in because of sequestration. 
We need to get rid of that. We need to 
return to earmarks. We need to do a number of things that will allow for this body—and not for the bureaucracy—to control many aspects of what is the implementation of policy that is made here. 
have stated a number of reasons. I will not go into every one of the riders. There are others, and I am sure people are going to speak about them. But I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I say to my friend, it is only just beginning. It is only just beginning with this rule today. With the passage of this rule today, Mr. Speaker, we are beginning the 2016 appropriations process. And we are doing it in ways that we have not done before since I received a voting card in this body. 
earliest date in 40 years. Not since 1973 has this Chamber gotten about the people’s business as early as we are this year. The people deserve it. The people have earned it. And we are delivering on it today. I am proud of that fact. 
fact, on the brink of the first balanced budget conference report this body has seen since 2003. It is too long coming. We have had to deem appropriations 
levels year after year after year, not on just two bills, as we are today, but on the entire package. That report could be filed as early as this afternoon, and there is no question but that it is going to pass both of these bodies. It is good work from this institution and the Senate across the Hill. 
in the passion in my friend from Florida’s voice, not everyone is going to be happy with every line in these two bills. 
Democratic side of the aisle. I can look to the Republican side of the aisle. Not everyone is going to be happy with every line of this bill; but do you know what, any Member can come and change any line. 
language in this bill. Any Member can come and change any line. Any Member can come and make these bills better. Any Member can come and have their district’s voice heard. All you have to do is find 217 of your friends to agree with you; we will pass it, and we will send it to the United States Senate for consideration. 
to be. These are going to be some long nights we are going to have; these are going to be some lengthy amendment debates we are going to have; these are going to be some votearamas we are going to have, but America is going to be the better for it because the laws of the land that we pass are going to be better for it. 
I have the Statement of Administration Policy here, Mr. Speaker. I have one for each one of the bills that this rule makes in order. The President has said in these Statements of Administration Policy that his senior advisers are going to recommend that he veto these bills. Why? It is because these bills and other legislation implement the current Republican budget framework which blocks the needed investments for our economy to compete in the future. 
budget framework. It is called the law of the land as signed by President Barack Obama. We can pretend the law doesn’t exist, or we can confront the law as it exists. That is what these bills do, a 6 percent increase in veterans funding and a 3 percent increase in our energy and water investment. In a time of austere budgets, we are plussing up those accounts that are so important to our constituents back home. 
for this rule, I urge strong support for the underlying bills, and I urge strong support for beginning the process where every single Member will be able to have his or her voice heard. 
to be, and it is the way this institution will be if we pass this rule today. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 651. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 186, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, April 25, a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Nepal—the most powerful earthquake in the region in nearly a century. Estimates are that 5,000 people have perished and that thousands more are injured or are missing. 
House Democracy Partnership is hosting a multilateral conference, which includes a delegation of parliamentary staff from Nepal. 
leads the House Democracy Partnership with me, and Congressman CRENSHAW and Congressman P OLIS, who 
chair the Congressional Nepal Caucus, we wish to extend the condolences of the House to the people of Nepal and pledge our continued support and cooperation as they embark on the long road of rebuilding and recovery. 
the House now rise and observe a moment of silence in solidarity with the people of Nepal. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 651) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (JODY B. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin 
Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia submitted the following conference report and statement on the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025: 
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
concurrent resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 and that this concurrent resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
constitute changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund. 
poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans. 
allow pharmacists to be paid for the provision of services under Medicare. 
to securing overseas diplomatic facilities of the United States. 
to expanding, enhancing, or otherwise improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to protect and strengthen Social Security. 
to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
to increasing access to higher education for lowincome Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agreement. 
to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street megabanks (over $500 billion in total assets). 
to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
to development of a new nuclear capable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. 
to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
to ensuring that the conservation of northern longeared bat populations and local economic development are compatible. 
the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers. 
to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. 
to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana. 
to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
to raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program. 
to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications architecture of the United States. 
to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses and full funding for atsea and dockside monitoring for certain fisheries. 
to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process. 
to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities. 
to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department. 
to ensuring that Department of Justice attorneys comply with disclosure obligations in criminal prosecutions. 
to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO. 
to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
TITLE V—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT SPENDING IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
President’s health care law and promoting real health care reform. 
The following budgetary levels are appropriate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the appropriate levels of total new budget authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $414,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $206,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $93,720,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $104,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $98,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $43,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $41,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$83,770,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,059,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,490,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,826,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $20,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,494,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,773,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $21,033,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,188,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $21,194,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,842,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,124,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,307,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $14,523,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $14,757,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,965,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,204,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,354,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,374,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,405,000,000,000. 
Congress determines and declares that the appropriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the amounts of outlays of the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: 
budget authority and budget outlays of the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative expenses are as follows: 
on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit 
by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
or suspended in the Senate only by the affirmative vote of twothirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on the point of order raised under this subsection. 
Workforce of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
such measures with the budgetary requirements included in this concurrent resolution are inaccurate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the assumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adoption of this concurrent resolution may include selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpretative rules that have major budgetary effects and are inconsistent with the assumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. 
repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; and 
OFPROPOSALS .—The Director of the Congressional Budget Office shall, to the extent practicable, prepare an estimate of whether a measure would cause, relative to current law, a net increase in onbudget deficits in the Senate, and a net increase in direct spending in the House, in excess of $5,000,000,000 in any of the 4 consecutive 10fiscal year periods beginning with the first fiscal year that is 10 fiscal years after the budget year provided for in the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget— 
bill and joint resolution reported by a committee, other than the Committee on Appropriations, and amendments thereto and conference reports thereon. 
may be waived or suspended only by the affirmative vote of threefifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
or joint resolutions, or amendments thereto or conference reports thereon, for which the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of House of Representatives has made adjustments to the allocations, levels, or limits contained in this concurrent resolution pursuant to section 4501, 4502, or 4503. 
be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and 
section 311 of S. Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2009, shall no longer apply. 
section shall remain in effect through September 30, 2017. 
Con. Res. 70 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2009, shall no longer apply. 
Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
the Senate, this subsection may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of threefifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. 
on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. 
resolution making fullyear appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that proposes a CHIMP affecting the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund in relation to fiscal year 2016 to be more than $10,800,000,000, shall not be in order in the House of Representatives. 
It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to consider an amendment to, or a conference report on, a bill or joint resolution making fullyear appropriations for fiscal year 2016 if such amendment thereto or conference report thereon proposes a CHIMP affecting the Crime Victims Fund that, if enacted, would cause the absolute value of the total budget authority of all CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund in relation to fiscal year 2016 to be more than $10,800,000,000. 
subsection, budgetary levels shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall review existing budget enforcement procedures regarding CHIMPs included in appropriations legislation. These committees of jurisdiction should consult with other relevant committees of jurisdiction and other interested parties to review such procedures, including for Crime Victims Fund spending, and include any agreed upon recommendations in subsequent concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
of the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate or the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) of the cost of a measure shall include, when practicable, an additional estimate of the cost, measured on a fairvalue basis— 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
Congressional Budget Office under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) of the cost of a provision in a measure relating to a housing, residential mortgage, or student loan program shall include an additional estimate of the cost, measured on a fair value basis— 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
In the Senate and the House of Representatives, for purposes of determining points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any provision contained in a measure relating to a transition from the $1 note to a $1 coin shall— 
outlays, and revenues of the provision in the first year in which the provision takes effect; 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon— 
outlays, and revenues of the provision in the first year in which the provision takes effect; 
provided by the Congressional Budget Office shall provide, in addition to such estimate, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045— 
by the Congressional Budget Office shall provide, in addition to such estimate, an estimate of the changes in budget authority, outlays, and revenues under the legislation over the period of fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2045— 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion that transfers amounts from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund; and 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers amounts from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
When the Congressional Budget Office releases its annual update to the Budget and Economic Outlook, the Congressional Budget Office shall provide a projection of Federal revenues, outlays, and deficits for the 30year period beginning with the budget year, expressed in terms of dollars and as a percent of gross domestic product, as part of its annual update required under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 
The Congressional Budget Office shall prepare, to the extent practicable, an estimate of the outlay changes during the second and third decade of enactment for any spending legislative provision— 
that the Congressional Budget Office determines has an outlay impact in excess of 0.25 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States during the first decade or in the tenth year; or 
Committee on the Budget of the Senate or the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives has requested such an estimate. 
In the Senate and the House of Representatives, for purposes of determining points of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any provision that increases, or extends the increase of, any guarantee fees of the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall not be counted in estimating the level of budget authority, outlays, or revenues— 
amendment, amendment between the Houses, conference report, or motion; and 
bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon. 
THE PUBLIC ABOUT PROJECTED FEDERAL OUTLAYS, REVENUES, AND DEFICITS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
last fiscal year of the most recently agreed to 
concurrent resolution on the budget that sets forth budgetary levels required under section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632); and 
domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(II) for a treaty, equal to or greater than 
Budget of the Senate for all direct spending and revenue legislation; or 
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon— 
Budget of the House of Representatives for all direct spending and revenue legislation; or 
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation. 
on which outlays flowing from direct spending would otherwise occur from one fiscal year to the next fiscal year; or 
the date on which revenues would otherwise occur from one fiscal year to the prior fiscal year. 
Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply. 
Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, is repealed. 
Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010, is repealed. 
projects, activities, or accounts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers accompanying this concurrent resolution under the heading ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations’’ in an aggregate amount not to exceed $28,852,000,000 in new budget authority in each fiscal year; 
the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. 
may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of threefifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in relation to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this section, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference report by operation of this subsection), no further amendment shall be in order. 
Section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2008, shall no longer apply in the Senate. 
in order to vote on passage of matter that requires an estimate under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653), unless such estimate was made publicly available on the website of the Congressional Budget Office not later than 28 hours before the time the vote commences. 
may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of threefifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
determining points of order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolution on the budget, any estimate by the Congressional Budget Office of a provision in a bill, joint resolution, amendment, conference report, or amendment between the Houses that directly or indirectly modifies the use of the authority to enter covered energy savings contracts shall— 
changes in spending subject to the availability of appropriations. 
authorized under section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287); and 
performance contracting, dated July 25, 1998 (M–98–13), and the Office of Management and Budget Memorandum on the Federal use of energy saving performance contracts and utility energy service contracts, dated September 28, 2012 (M–12–21), or any successor to either memorandum. 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.), and the rules or orders of the House of Representatives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund, amounts transferred shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer occurs. 
may be provided for programs, projects, activities, or accounts identified in the report to accompany this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accompany this concurrent resolution under the heading— 
implementation of section 3207 of this concurrent resolution through a collaborative assessment with the Senate and the Congressional Budget Office of the appropriate scorekeeping methodology for evaluating the budgetary effects of energy savings performance contracts authorized under section 801 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287). 
of Representatives, all committees are directed to review programs within their jurisdiction to identify waste, fraud, abuse, or duplication, and increase the use of performance data to inform committee work. 
resulting from these adjustments shall be considered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) as allocations and aggregates contained in this concurrent resolution. 
For purposes of this concurrent resolution the levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spending, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for a fiscal year or period of fiscal years shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and 
right of either the Senate or the House of Representatives to change those rules (insofar as they relate to that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate or House of Representatives. 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBILITY FOR STRUGGLING AMERICANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution— 
resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, conference reports, or motions relating to programs or policies designed to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would neither adversely impact job creation nor increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025; and 
more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, or conference reports relating to programs or policies designed to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would neither adversely impact job creation nor increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO INCREASE THE PACE OF ECONOMIC GROWTH AND PRIVATE SECTOR JOB CREATION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
estimate the economic effects of policy change through the enhanced use of economic models and data in scoring legislation; without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhanced funding for national security or domestic discretionary programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PROTECT FLEXIBLE AND AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE CHOICES FOR ALL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the payasyougo ledger that are deficitneutral over 11 years, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 119) and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152; 124 Stat. 1029); or 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving access to affordable health care for lowincome children, including the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse in Federal health care programs; 
that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
with evidencebased alternative that improve the welfare of vulnerable children; or 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the improvement of the delivery of benefits and services to veterans and servicemembers by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States, including programs that expedite the deployment of broadband to rural areas by the 
purpose, provided that such legislation shall not include transfers from other trust funds but may include transfers from the general fund of the Treasury that are offset, provided further that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal spending on civil air traffic control services, which may include air traffic management at airport towers across the United States or at facilities of the Federal Aviation Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PROMOTE JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the administration of disability benefits and the improved employment of disabled workers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the 
period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
the Department of Energy related to research and development of alternative or renewable forms of energy, fossil fuel exploration and use, clean coal technologies (including carbon capture and sequestration), nuclear energy, or the electricity grid; 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reform of environmental statutes to promote job growth by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving flood control, expanding opportunities for commercial navigation, and improving the environmental restoration of the nation’s waterways, assisting the States in carrying out drought prevention plans, strengthening waterborne commerce in the Nation’s ports and harbors, or relating to the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to designate funds for rural water projects and Indian irrigation and water settlement projects, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
from mineral revenues payable to States; without raising new revenue, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
lands and providing bridge funding to counties and other units of local government until timber production levels increase; 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO REAUTHORIZE FUNDING FOR PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES TO COUNTIES AND OTHER UNITS OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Payments In Lieu of Taxes (PILT), which may include funding the payments in lieu of taxes program at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to regulatory relief for small financial firms, improvements in the effectiveness of the financial regulatory framework, enhancements in oversight and accountability of the Federal Reserve System, and expansions in access to capital markets without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided 
that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the processing of earnings reports for the Supplemental Security Income and Social Security Disability Insurance programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the implementation of agreements between the United States and nations with whom it maintains a Compact of Free Association without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO PROTECT PAYMENTS TO RURAL HOSPITALS AND CREATE SUSTAINABLE ACCESS FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting payments to rural hospitals and creating sustainable access for rural communities without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO ENCOURAGE STATE MEDICAID DEMONSTRATION PROGRAMS TO PROMOTE INDEPENDENT LIVING AND INTEGRATED WORK FOR THE DISABLED. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging State Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO ALLOW PHARMACISTS TO BE PAID FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to payments to pharmacists for the provision of services under Medicare without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting and improving community health centers without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO THE FUNDING OF INDEPENDENT AGENCIES, WHICH MAY INCLUDE SUBJECTING THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU TO THE REGULAR APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding of independent agencies, which may include subjecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforms, improvements, and enhancements of 529 college savings plans by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expanding, enhancing, or otherwise improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investment in the manufacturing sector in the United States, which may include educational or research and development initiatives, publicprivate partnerships, or other programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TO PROHIBIT ALIENS WITHOUT LEGAL STATUS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM QUALIFYING FOR A REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to benefits for aliens without legal status in the United States, which may include prohibiting qualification for certain tax benefits without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that achieve savings through the elimination, modification, or the reduction in frequency of congressionally mandated reports from Federal agencies, and reduce the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the payasyougo ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the deficit reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit reduction achieved. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other 
more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing efforts to combat heroin, methamphetamine, and prescription opioid abuse by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our civilian workforce by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of either the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving Department of Defense financial management, which may include achieving full auditability or eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
IMPROVE FEDERAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT, JOB TRAINING, AND REEMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing inefficient overlap, improving access, and enhancing outcomes with Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PROVIDE ENERGY ASSISTANCE AND INVEST IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
weatherization and energy efficiency retrofit programs for lowincome individuals; 
Program, which may include seasonal assistance and crisis fuel assistance to lowincome individuals; 
building programs; by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
END OPERATION CHOKE POINT AND PROTECT THE SECOND AMENDMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Justice, which may include ending the Operation Choke Point program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PREVENT THE USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS FOR THE BAILOUT OF IMPROVIDENT STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition, except in the case of Federal assistance provided in response to a natural disaster, on any entity of the Federal Government providing funds to State and local governments to prevent receivership or to facilitate exit from receivership or to prevent default on its obligations by a State government by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
IMPROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES AND LOWER THE COSTS OF CARING FOR MEDICALLY COMPLEX CHILDREN IN MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the health outcomes and lowering the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid, which may include creating or expanding integrated delivery models or improving care coordination, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
MAINTAIN AND ENHANCE ACCESS, CHOICE, AND ACCOUNTABILITY IN VETERANS CARE THROUGH THE VETERANS CHOICE CARD PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting equal pay, which may include preventing discrimination on the basis of sex and preventing retaliation against employees for seeking or discussing wage information, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to protect current beneficiaries of the Social Security program and prevent the insolvency of the program by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping student loan repayment programs and creating a simplified incomedriven student loan repayment option, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO KEEPING THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT FOCUSED ON THE PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal jurisdiction under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is focused on water quality, which may include limiting jurisdiction based on the movement of birds, mammals, or insects through the air or over the land, the movement of water through the ground, or the movement of rainwater or snowmelt over the land, or limiting jurisdiction over puddles, isolated ponds, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, stormwater systems, wastewater systems, or water delivery, reuse, or reclamation systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 
through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to United States policy toward Israel and the prevention of anti Semitism in Europe, which may include preventing the United Nations and other international institutions, including human rights organizations, from taking unfair or discriminatory action against Israel, and supporting efforts to prevent antiSemitism in Europe, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve workplace benefits and reduce health care costs, which may include tax credits for employers providing paid family and medical leave, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that provides the care sought by the veteran by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) tax in health insurance monthly premium statements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to carbon emissions, which may include prohibitions on Federal taxes or fees imposed on carbon emissions from any product or entity that is a direct or indirect source of emissions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO ALLOW STATES TO OPT OUT OF COMMON CORE WITHOUT PENALTY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Federal Government from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific academic standards, instructional content, curricula, assessments, or programs of instruction and allowing States to opt out of the Common Core State Standards without penalty by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to sell or transfer to, or exchange with, a State or local government any Federal land that is not within the boundaries of a National Park, National Preserve, or National Monument by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUNDING OF INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS DURING THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS ARMS TRADE TREATY PRIOR TO SENATE RATIFICATION AND ADOPTION OF IMPLEMENTING LEGISLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding, which may include prohibiting funding for the United 
Nations Arms Trade Treaty Secretariat or any international organizations created to support the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adoption of implementing legislation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Iran, which may include efforts to immediately reimpose waived sanctions and impose new sanctions against the Government of Iran if the President cannot make a determination and certify that Iran is complying with the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive agreement on Iran’s nuclear program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting citizens of the United States held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to increase employment opportunities and prevent employment discrimination, which may include measures to prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers, to provide pregnant 
workers with a right to workplace accommodations, and to ensure that employers comply with requirements regarding such workplace accommodations for pregnant workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in the Federal income tax laws, which may include eliminating the Federal estate tax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a prohibition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementation Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting communities, businesses, recreationists, farmers, ranchers, or other groups that rely on privately held water rights and permits from Federal takings by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING AWARDING OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS BASED ON AWARDEES ENTERING OR NOT ENTERING INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LABOR ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition on the awarding of construction contracts on behalf of the Government based upon any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents that require or prohibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors to enter into or adhere to agreements with one or more labor organizations or discriminate against or give preference to such bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or refusing to enter into such agreements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PREVENT AMERICAN JOBS FROM BEING MOVED OVERSEAS BY REDUCING THE CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing American jobs from being moved overseas, which may include a reduction in the corporate income tax rate, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reaffirming the ability of States to adopt minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage level commensurate with the cost of living in the State, which may include the adoption of proemployment and wageincreasing policies by providing pro growth tax relief and eliminating excessive government mandates, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to deterring the attempted migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras into the United States, which may include the expedited removal of unlawful entrants from noncontiguous countries, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO ENSURING PROPER ECONOMIC CONSIDERATION IN DESIGNATION OF CRITICAL HABITAT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to critical habitat designations, which may include requirements that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service 
examine the cumulative economic effects of the designation, such as on land or property uses or values, regional employment, or revenue impacts on States and units of local government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
END ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ BAILOUTS FOR WALL STREET MEGABANKS (OVER $500 BILLION IN TOTAL ASSETS). 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to any bank holding companies with over $500,000,000,000 in total assets to better protect taxpayers, including such measures as capital or leverage requirements, restrictions on the growth, activities, or operations of a company, or divestiture of assets or operations of any company that is unable to present a credible plan to facilitate an orderly bankruptcy or resolution, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that all Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all political appointees of the Administration procure their health insurance on the individual exchange in the same way as Americans at the same income level by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE RELOCATION OF THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN ISRAEL FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for United States embassies, which may include the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of the Congo by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the development of a new nuclearcapable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
PROVIDE EQUITY IN THE TAX TREATMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER DEATH BENEFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tax equity for death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits, which may include auditing the hidden backlog of untested sexual assault kits and ensuring that the collection and processing of DNA evidence by law enforcement agencies from crimes is carried out in an appropriate and timely manner, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such 
legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening and reforming Federal Offices of Inspectors General, reducing vacancies in such Offices, and providing for improvements in the overall economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of Inspectors General by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving retirement security by making it easier for small businesses to provide retirement plans for their employees by easing the administrative burden and by encouraging individuals to increase their savings by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving basic science research and development programs in the United States by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased sharing of cybersecurity threat information while protecting individual privacy and civil liberties interests by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
ALLOW THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION AND FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION TO ENTER INTO JOINT TASK FORCES WITH TRIBAL AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation entering into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies, which may include encouraging Federal agencies to utilize office space unused by the Federal Government before purchasing or renting additional space, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a 
appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding related to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing access to edible marijuana products by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana by 
the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing mortgage lending to rural areas by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Small Business Investment Company Program of the Small Business Administration, which may include raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to online child sex trafficking, which may include the detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the open Internet and promoting further innovation and investment in Internet services, content, infrastructure, and technologies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
Federal regulations or with State or local regulations; or 
regulatory program, including independent regulatory commissions, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs; 
the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2736A–153) (commonly known as the ‘‘Information Quality Act’’), the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), and chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’); 
fair and effective judicial review of agency actions; and 
those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to modernizing the triad of strategic nuclear delivery systems, the nuclear command and control system, and the nuclear weapons stockpile, and supporting related infrastructure, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening our national security, which may include fully funding the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and the BioShield Special Reserve Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the nuclear force improvement program of the Air Force by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting economic growth and job creation by making it easier for small businesses to plan their capital investments and reducing the uncertainty of taxation, and supporting atsea and dockside monitoring for fisheries that have received economic disaster assistance, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to the employer penalties under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), which may include changes to the definition of ‘‘full time employee’’ under that Act, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
EXPEDITE AWARDS UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHISTLEBLOWER PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the Department by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
ADDRESS THE DISPROPORTIONATE REGULATORY BURDENS ON COMMUNITY BANKS AND CREDIT UNIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating disproportionate regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Corporation for National and Community Service by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that all Department of Justice attorneys comply with all legal and ethical obligations in criminal prosecutions, which may include legislation that ensures the disclosure to the defendant in a timely manner of all information known to the Government that tends to negate the guilt of the defendant, mitigate the offense charged or the sentence imposed, or impeach the Government’s witnesses or evidence, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in precision medicine and biomedical research, which may include increasing funding to account for inflation, to support finding ways to prevent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other lifethreatening or chronic illnesses, and to provide longterm cost savings to the Federal Government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that Medicare beneficiaries have access to equipment like eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and speech generating devices by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
RELATING TO PRIORITIZING THE CONSTRUCTION OF INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS THAT ARE OF NATIONAL AND REGIONAL SIGNIFICANCE AND PROJECTS IN HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the prioritization of the Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States on projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors of the National Highway System by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the investigation and to the extent practicable the recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government to ensure that such items are not in the possession of or used by radical extremist groups operating in the country by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving higher education data and transparency by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for international counterpropaganda communications in order to combat misinformation, undermine ideologies of violence and hatred, and ensure moderate voices are heard by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming and strengthening elementary and secondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in scientific research and development, which may include supporting biomedical research to find ways to prevent, treat, and cure diseases or conditions like Alzheimer’s and other lifethreatening or chronic illnesses, providing longterm cost savings to the Federal Government, and supporting national security, basic energy research, innovative solutions, and American competitiveness, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing support to the Government of Ukraine, which may include the provision of lethal defensive articles, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to underground and 
provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, which may include the creation of a point of order against legislation that accelerates the insolvency of such Trust Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that consists solely of the full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and the health care related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that promotes real health care reform, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the decreases in Medicare spending included in the Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure extends the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill 
or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, expands access to, and improves, as determined by such Chairman, graduate medical education programs, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution reported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, if the Committee on Ways and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any 
such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution reported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such Chairman, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
In the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure supports the following activities: Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equipment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit reforms, by the amount provided for these purposes, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. TITLE V—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT SPENDING IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Democratic President reformed welfare by limiting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the 5 years following passage, childpoverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This budget assumes the enactment of proposals to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence. Based on the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s, these proposals would improve work requirements and provide flexible funding for States to help those most in need find gainful employment, escape poverty, and move up the economic ladder. 
a framework proposed by the chairmen of the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate, to modernize and improve the program while increasing State flexibility and protecting the most vulnerable populations. This budget also assumes the repeal of the Medicaid expansions in the President’s health care law. 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10year period beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 percent under current law. 
budget advances policies to put seniors, not the Federal Government, in control of their health care decisions. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will encourage providers to compete against each other on price and quality. Improvements to Medicare are necessary to extend the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and protect the program for future generations. 
that Congress should pass, and send to the States for their approval, a joint resolution amending the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced Federal budget. 
that the President and Congress should work together on a bipartisan basis to preserve Social Security for current and future generations. To achieve that goal— 
and coordination of benefits, and increase employment opportunities for disabled workers; and 
Congress addressing the longterm insolvency of both the OldAge and Survivors Insurance program and the Disability Insurance program, and such legislation should achieve a sustainable annual cashflow balance between taxes and benefits over the foreseeable future, rather than temporarily increasing and then depleting the balance of Government securities held by each program’s trust fund. 
congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important national budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have access to the most accurate, objective, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
however, the process has instituted a bias toward higher spending and larger government. The behemoth of the Federal Government has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through high taxation. 
policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
policies in the same way. consequently, extending existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduction, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keeping tax policy the same even though estimating conventions would not require similar treatment of spending programs. 
process are admirable in their intent, but because the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘reforms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal complexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, Congress must: 
and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act intended. 
do budgeting as intended by the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopting a budget resolution every year. 
zero based budgeting, which would require a department or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct spending caps to enhance oversight of automatic pilot spending that increases each year without congressional approval. 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of entitlement programs. 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers. 
proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset. 
tax increases just to offset the extension of current tax laws. 
Budget of the House of Representatives intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the congressional budget process more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. 
to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of economic growth is simply unacceptable and insufficient to expand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middleincome Americans. 
of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for instance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Longterm unemployment also remains a problem. Of the roughly 8.7 million people who are currently unemployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unemployed for more than 6 months. Long term unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportunities. It also undermines the longterm productive capacity of the economy. 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic outlook. investors and businesses make decisions on a forwardlooking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply tomorrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it generates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
the CBO, conclude that reducing budget deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction creates longterm economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. 
year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
the current fiscal path, future generations will face everhigher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowding out’’ of private investment. This dynamic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a diminution in our country’s standard of living. 
deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
progrowth policies, such as fundamental tax reform, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
is the policy of this concurrent resolution to promote faster economic growth and job creation. By putting the budget on a sustainable path, this concurrent resolution ends the debtfueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This concurrent resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this concurrent resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and expanding opportunity for all Americans. 
fair, and promote (rather than impede) economic growth. The United States tax code fails on all three counts: It is notoriously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity distorts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
been 4,107 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special preferences, exclusions, or deductions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much 
higher tax rates to raise a given amount of revenue. 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
marginal tax rates dampen the incentives to work, save, and invest, which reduces economic output and job creation. Lower economic output, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal tax rates. 
rate (including Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to slightly more than 39 percent, the highest rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates this high suppress wages and discourage investment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American businesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign competitors. 
United States corporate tax restrains economic growth and job creation. The United States tax rate differential with other countries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational corporate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, destroying American jobs, and decreasing corporate revenue. 
States international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, putting them at a significant competitive disadvantage with competitors with more competitive international tax systems. 
more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States companies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
workers through lower wages, on consumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished returns. 
tax increases to meet outofcontrol spending would sink the economy and Americans’ ability to save for their retirement and their children’s education. 
idea of instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a new source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the economy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
or eliminate loopholes and use those savings to lower tax rates across the board not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem. 
the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT). 
size of the economy (and therefore key economic variables such as labor supply and investment) remains fixed throughout the considered budget horizon. This is an abstraction from reality. 
adopted at the beginning of the 114th Congress to help correct this problem. This rule requires CBO and JCT to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major legislation into their official cost estimates. 
Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should enact legislation that provides for a comprehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote economic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, investors, and workers through fundamental tax reform that— 
American families and businesses and reduces the amount of time and resources necessary to comply with tax laws; 
opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade, adherence to trade agreement rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services. 
and bicameral effort to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agreements, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implementation of trade agreements. 
sum game. The idea that global expansion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States operations is incorrect. Foreignaffiliate activity tends to complement, not substitute for, key parent activities in the United States such as employment, worker compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals invest and expand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
American family of four more than $10,000 per year, as a result of lower duties. Trade agreements also lower the cost of manufacturing inputs by removing duties. 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competition. 
United States laws on Intellectual Property (IP) protection should be used as a benchmark for 
establishing global IP frameworks. Strong IP protections have contributed significantly to the United States status as a world leader in innovation across sectors, including in the development of lifesaving biologic medicines. The data protections afforded to biologics in United States law, including 12 years of data protection, allow continued development of pioneering medicines to benefit patients both in the United States and abroad. To maintain the cycle of innovation and achieve truly 21st century trade agreements, it is vital that our negotiators insist on the highest standards for IP protections. 
undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. 
their foreign operations, which some erroneously refer to as a ‘‘tax loophole,’’ cushions this disadvantage to a certain extent. Eliminating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United States competitiveness. 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW AND PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employmentbased health coverage will lose 
those plans due to the President’s health care law, further limiting patient choice. 
that the President’s health care law would create 4 million jobs over the life of the law and almost 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the reduction in hours worked due to Obamacare represents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest results. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million fulltime equivalent workers. 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, destructive, and unworkable. Its complex structure of subsidies, mandates, and penalties perversely impact individuals, married couples, and families. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patientcentered health care reform: the development of real health care reforms that puts patients first, that make affordable, quality health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sector. 
the policy of this concurrent resolution that the President’s health care law should be fully repealed and real health care reform promoted in accordance with the following principles: 
enhance affordability, accessibility, quality, innovation, choices and responsiveness in health care coverage for all Americans, putting patients, families, and doctors in charge, not Washington, DC. These reforms should encourage increased competition and transparency. Under the President’s health care law, government controls Americans’ health care choices. Under true, patientcentered reform, Americans would. 
centered on ensuring that all Americans, no matter their age, income, or health status, have the ability to afford health care coverage. The health care delivery structure should be improved, and individuals should not be priced out of the health insurance market due to preexisting conditions, but nationalized health care is not only unnecessary to accomplish this, it undermines the goal. Individuals should be allowed to join together voluntarily to pool risk through mechanisms such as Individual Membership Associations and Small Employer Membership Associations. 
outlining for Americans the ways they cannot use their health insurance, reforms should make health coverage more portable. Individuals should be able to own their insurance and have it follow them in and out of jobs throughout their career. Small business owners should be permitted to band together across State lines through their membership in bona fide trade or professional associations to purchase health coverage for their families and employees at a low cost. This will increase small businesses’ bargaining power, volume discounts, and administrative efficiencies while giving them freedom from Statemandated benefit packages. Also, insurers licensed to sell policies in one State should be permitted to offer them to residents in any other State, and consumers should be permitted to shop for health insurance across State lines, as they are with other insurance products online, by mail, by phone, or in consultation with an insurance agent. 
be free to secure the health care coverage that best meets their needs, rather than instituting onesizefitsall directives from Federal bureaucracies such as the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
authority to States wherever possible to make the system more responsive to patients and their needs. Instead of tying States’ hands with Federal requirements for their Medicaid programs, the Federal Government should return control of this program to the States. Not only does the current Medicaid program drive up Federal debt and threaten to bankrupt State budgets, but States are better positioned to provide quality, affordable care to those who are eligible for the program and to track down and weed out waste, fraud and abuse. Beneficiary choices in the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) and Medicaid should be improved. States should make available the purchase of private insurance as an option to their Medicaid and SCHIP populations (though they should not require enrollment). 
exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay scheduled benefits; 
three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 LongTerm Budget Outlook, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger generations burdened with enormous debt to pay for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution to preserve the program for those in or near retirement and strengthen Medicare for future beneficiaries. 
growth rate is responsibly accounted for to ensure physicians continue to participate in the Medicare program and provide quality health care for beneficiaries; 
Medicare is reformed to provide a premium support payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage options from which recipients can choose a plan that best suits their needs; 
for lower income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks; and 
path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the longterm. 
the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures has made the United States the biomedical innovation capital of the world, bringing lifesaving drugs and devices to patients and well over a million highpaying jobs to local communities. 
leadership of innovators throughout America, including industry, academic medical centers, and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States has led the way in early discovery. The United States leadership role is being threatened, however, as other countries contribute more to basic research from both public and private sources. 
in health care, not stifle it. America should maintain its world leadership in medical science by encouraging competitive forces to work 
Washington hold back medical innovation and prevent new lifesaving treatments from reaching patients. This concurrent resolution recognizes the valuable role of the NIH and the indispensable contributions to medical research coming from outside Washington. 
Nation on Earth. Her people are innovators, entrepreneurs, visionaries, and relentless builders of the future. Americans were responsible for the first telephone, the first airplane, the first computer, for putting the first man on the moon, for creating the first vaccine for polio and for legions of other scientific and medical breakthroughs that have improved and prolonged human health and life for countless people in America and around the world. 
policy of this concurrent resolution to support the important work of medical innovators throughout the country, including privatesector innovators, medical centers and the National Institutes of Health. 
has hurt job creation and dampened the economy, slowing the Nation’s recovery from the economic recession. 
2009, the administration has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations in the Federal Register including 70,066 pages in 2014. 
to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the private sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the States. 
rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA); these regulations are primarily targeted at the coal industry. In June 2014, the EPA proposed a rule to cut carbon pollution from the Nation’s power plants. The proposed standards are unachievable with current commercially available technology, resulting in a defacto ban on new coalfired power plants. 
percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal industry with costly and unachievable regulations will increase energy prices, disproportionately disadvantaging energyintensive industries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of lowincome and middle class families already struggling to pay their bills. 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the defacto prohibition on new plants, these retirements and conversions may further increase the cost of electricity. 
will rise $750 per household by 2020, due in part to EPA regulations. West Virginia receives 95 percent of its electricity from coal. 
phaseout of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross domestic product decrease of $2.23 trillion over the entire period and reducing the income of a family of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should, in consultation with the public burdened by excessive regulation, enact legislation that— 
by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Federal regulations; 
major regulations (those with an impact of $100 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from becoming law, which would keep Congress engaged as to pending regulatory policy and prevent costly and unsound policies from being implemented and becoming effective; 
benefit analysis of all new major regulations, to ensure that regulations operate as intended; 
impact analysis for regulations proposed by executive branch agencies but also expands the requirement to independent agencies so that by law they consider the costs and benefits of proposed regulations rather than merely being encouraged to do so as is current practice; and 
all major regulations, which would increase transparency over the process and allow interested parties to communicate their views on proposed legislation to agency officials. 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. Between the 2004–2005 Academic Year and the 2014–2015 Academic Year— 
colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent between fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
too many fail to complete college or end up defaulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent year in the current budget window. 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
the policy of this concurrent resolution to address the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and 
education that act to restrict flexibility and innovative teaching, particularly as it relates to nontraditional models such as online coursework and competencybased learning. 
those looking for work are stymied by a broken workforce development system that fails to connect workers with assistance and employers with trained personnel. 
In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution to address the failings in the current workforce development system, by— 
tailor funding and programs to the specific needs of their workforce, including the development of career scholarships. 
regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and continuous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
Nation that VA medical centers were manipulating waitlist documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate resignation of thenSecretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
care was added to the ‘‘highrisk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
these problems. VACAA provided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced access to privatesector health care under the new Veterans Choice Program. 
oversight efforts by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives to ensure the VA is not only transparent and accountable, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and benefits to America’s veterans. The Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives will continue to closely monitor the VA’s progress to ensure resources provided by Congress are sufficient and efficiently used to provide needed benefits and services to veterans. 
and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a complex undertaking. 
to be desired in capturing the full scope of government and in presenting information in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
the risk and thus the true cost of Federal programs. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being estimated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper maturity length. 
is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should, in consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Governmentwide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American people and their representatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the options best suited to improving it. Such reforms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of various age cohorts. 
(GAO) is required by law to identify examples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified dozens of such examples. 
Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that addressing the identified waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to tens of billions of dollars of additional savings.’’. 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs including— 
Engineering, and Mathematics education programs in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 billion between fiscal years 2011 and 2012; 
different agencies to encourage ‘‘green building’’ in the private sector; and 
$80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 information technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition failures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings annually. 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
the House of Representatives, each standing committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its establishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in Government programs. 
oversight of Federal Government programs should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
all unauthorized programs funded through annual appropriations to determine if the programs are operating efficiently and effectively. 
the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
to review and identify potential savings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES .—In the House of Representatives, committees should through their oversight activities identify and achieve savings through the cancellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of the Government nor reduce or disrupt Federal commitments under programs such as Social Security, veterans’ affairs, national security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting collections or fees. This lack of transparency prevents effective and accountable government. 
In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Congress should enact legislation requiring programs that are funded through fees, offsetting receipts, or offsetting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may arise from— 
TAXPAYER DOLLARS .—In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that: 
model for the responsible stewardship of taxpayer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, conferences, utilities, telecommunications, furniture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spending. The Committee on House Administration should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and committees of the House of Representatives, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the operation of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
In the House of Representatives, it is the policy of this concurrent resolution that Congress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, the House of Representatives has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the payroll administrator of the House of Representatives should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113–3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and should place in an escrow account all compensation otherwise required to be made for Members of the House of Representatives. Withheld compensation should be released to Members of the House of Representatives the earlier of the day on which the House of Representatives agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or the last day of that Congress. 
the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Middle East, North Korean and Iranian nuclear and missile programs, and continued Chinese investments in highend military capabilities and cyber warfare shape the parameters of an increasingly complex and challenging security environment. 
the National Military Strategy could not be executed at sequestration levels. 
Defense Panel conducted risk assessments of force structure changes triggered by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and concluded that in addition to previous cuts to defense dating back to 2009, the sequestration of defense discretionary spending has ‘‘caused significant shortfalls in U.S. military readiness and both present and future capabilities’’. 
Housepassed budget resolution anticipated $566 billion for national defense in the discretionary base budget for fiscal year 2016. With no necessary statutory change yet provided by Congress, the BCA statute would require limiting national defense discretionary base funding to $523 billion in fiscal year 2016. However, in total with $90 billion, the House of Representatives Budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Operations funding for the Department of Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides over $613 billion total for defense spending that is higher than the President’s budget request for the fiscal year. 
need to ensure robust funding for national defense while maintaining overall fiscal discipline. The budget resolution prioritizes our national defense and the needs of the warfighter by providing needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund’’. 
Fund provides the mechanism for Congress to responsibly allocate in a deficitneutral way the resources the military needs to secure the safety and liberty of United States citizens from threats at home and abroad. The Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund will provide the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives the ability to increase allocations to support legislation that would provide for the Department of Defense warfighting capabilities, modernization, training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, activities to reach full auditability of the Department of Defense’s financial statements, and implementation of military and compensation reforms. 
DEFENSE .—This concurrent resolution encourages an immediate reevaluation of Federal Government priorities to maintain the strength of America’s national security posture. In identifying policies to restructure and stabilize the Government’s major entitlement programs which, along with net interest, will consume all Federal revenue in less than 20 years, the budget also charts a course that can ensure the availability of needed national security resources. 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report: 
Senate and the House on the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution is a statement of good faith to the American people that Congress can govern responsibly and effectively. This budget agreement achieves five important objectives: 
address the problem of government overspending and rising debt. 
spending, not by raising taxes, thereby boosting the private sector economy and job creation. 
to repeal the Affordable Care Act with its burdensome mandates and restrictions, a first step toward introducing real, patient centered health care reform. 
provides for the maximum allowable defense funding under current law, with a fiscally responsible path for further spending increases. 
It calls for a return to regular order in 
Congress, allowing all committees to act fully and Appropriations Committees to consider spending bills on time. 
It is well known that a budget is more than 
a set of numbers. It is a reflection of national priorities, a vision of the future. When developed in a responsible way, a sound Federal budget can provide a foundation for moving America in the direction of greater opportunity and economic growth and a safer and more secure Nation. 
In writing this budget, Congress is restoring a priority neglected since fiscal year 2010. Moreover, in writing a 10year balanced budget, the House and Senate Budget Committees have accomplished something the President’s budget never does and that Congress last achieved in fiscal year 2002—nearly 15 years ago. Passing this budget will also let 
allocate the dollars get to work and observe its spending limits to achieve the Nation’s goals. 
forward to reduce the Nation’s debt burden and expand economic opportunity for all Americans. In meeting the goals cited above, the budget aims to restore public trust by eliminating wasteful Washington overspending; making government truly more effective and more accountable; protecting America’s most vulnerable citizens; and strengthening the health and retirement of the Nation’s seniors. It ensures taxpayers’ dollars are spent more wisely, and that Medicare, Medicaid, nutrition assistance, and other programs can deliver on their promises. While providing a sturdy and reliable safety net for those who need it, this budget also helps others break free of government dependency and pursue selfsufficiency. 
have tangible benefits for the economy. The Congressional Budget Office [CBO] has analyzed how the funding changes contained in the conference report likely would affect U.S. economic performance, finding that the fully implemented spending levels of the budget resolution conference report would 
improve the economy. Specifically, the budget office found that: a) per capita real gross national product [GNP], a proxy for a country’s standard of living, would be 1.4 percent higher in 2025 than it would be without the spending changes; and b) nominal GDP would be $400 billion higher by fiscal year 2025 than it would otherwise be. 
marked by rising debt levels as a share of the economy, government borrowing would eventually lead to a decline in national savings and a ‘‘crowding out’’ of private investment. Crowding out occurs when the Federal Government’s borrowing competes successfully with that of private borrowers. Not only can the Federal Government command credit resources more readily, thanks to its generally superior rating for default risk when compared with private borrowers, but excessive borrowing can put upward pressure on interest rates that private borrowers must pay. Less credit available in private lending markets could mean higher prices for Americans as borrowers. 
CBO’s analysis of the conference agreement indicates that deficit reduction also creates longterm economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts private investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. CBO estimates that the conference agreement would maintain budget balance in the years beyond the budget window and significantly reduce Federal debt held by the public as a percent of GDP. To put this in perspective, publicly held debt to GDP currently stands at 74 percent, its highest level since 1951, and is projected to rise steadily in the decades ahead under CBO’s extended current law baseline. CBO estimates that the conference agreement would reduce debt as a percent of GDP to 56 percent in 2025 and ultimately to about 20 percent in 2040. 
of which a concurrent resolution on the budget agreed to by the House and Senate is the first. The resolution establishes a framework for fiscal policy and proposes an alignment of resources with Congress’s governing priorities. It is the only legislative vehicle that reflects a global assessment of the governing majority’s priorities and the demands on Federal resources. Subsequently, respective committees of jurisdiction develop, in accordance with their judgments, policy reforms needed to achieve the budget’s fiscal aims, guided by the budget’s aggregates and recommended function levels, as presented later in this statement. 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate of the conference on the votes in disagreement between the Houses on the concurrent resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016, and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (S. Con. Res. 11) submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report. 
Senate concurrent resolution after the resolving clause and inserted the text of H. Con. Res. 27. 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the Senate concurrent resolution and the House amendment. The differences among the Senate concurrent resolution, the House amendment thereto, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016 met in public session on Monday, April 20, 2015. 
Each function discussion provides recommended function totals for budget authority and outlays, as well as a breakout of discretionary (annually appropriated) and direct (or mandatory) spending amounts for fiscal year 2016. These figures are not binding; they are intended to provide an overall accounting of estimated spending requirements and priorities according to major categories of government activities. Figures for the Senate resolution and the House amendment are based on CBO’s January 2015 baseline; conference agreement numbers are based on CBO’s March 2015 baseline, adjusted for the enactment of H.R. 2. 
Discussion of the governing principles underlying the budget’s recommended policy reforms can be found in House Report 114–47 accompanying H. Con. Res. 27, the House Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Table 3.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Conference Agreement Budget Aggregates 
Table 4.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Conference Agreement Discretionary Budget Authority 
Table 5.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Conference Agreement Mandatory Outlays 
Table 6.—FY 2016 Budget Resolution Conference Agreement Aggregate and Function Levels 
Table 8.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution Total Spending and Revenue, as Passed by the House 
Table 9.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution Discretionary Spending, as Passed by the House 
Table 10.—Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution Mandatory Spending, as Passed by the House 
Budget Act requires that the joint explanatory statement accompanying a conference report on a budget resolution set forth the common economic assumptions upon which the joint statement and conference report are based. The conference agreement is built upon the economic forecasts development by the Congressional Budget Office and presented in CBO’s ‘‘Updated Budget Projections: 2015 to 2015,’’ (March 9, 2015). 
The House amendment uses CBO’s economic assumptions published in January 2015. 
The conference agreement uses CBO’s economic assumption published in March 2015. 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
aIn 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentages reflect five and tenyear averages, respectively. 
TABLE 3.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT BUDGET AGGREGATES 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
% changeb 8.7% 3.8% 3.5% 3.9% 4.1% 4.4% 4.4% 4.6% 4.6% 4.7% 4.8% 4.7% 
aThese amounts are subject to discretionary spending limits in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (th e Deficit Control Act), as amended. 
bPercentage change represents change from year prior. In 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentage reflects average annual growth.  
cCBO estimate of the effect on the deficit from the change in the economy attributable to the budget plan. In this table, the ef fect is included in the mandatory spending line. 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
aThese amounts are subject to discretionary spending limits in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (th e Deficit Control Act), as amended. 
TABLE 5.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT MANDATORY OUTLAYS 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
CBO March Baseline:a 2,488 2,565 2,633 2,798 2,954 3,118 3,350 3,476 3,597 3,872 13,438 30,852 
Conference Agreement:c 2,390 2,316 2,311 2,431 2,559 2,667 2,853 2,943 2,997 3,196 12,007 26,662 
Difference ¥99 ¥249 ¥323 ¥367 ¥395 ¥451 ¥498 ¥533 ¥601 ¥676 ¥1,432 ¥4,189 
aIncludes the effect of H.R. 2, which cleared Congress on April 14. 
bPercentage change represents change from year prior. In 2016–20 and 2016–25 columns, percentage reflects average annual growth.  
TABLE 6—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT AGGREGATE AND FUNCTION LEVELS 
Function 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
TABLE 6—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION CONFERENCE AGREEMENT AGGREGATE AND FUNCTION LEVELS—Continued 
Function 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE—Continued 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
7.943 ¥10.391 ¥10.273 ¥9.117 ¥6.832 ¥5.768 ¥4.439 ¥3.182 ¥2.075 ¥1.384 ¥44.556 ¥61.404 
TABLE 7—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION AS PASSED BY THE SENATE—Continued 
Function 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016–20 2016–25 
95.444 ¥102.025 ¥101.613 ¥102.666 ¥106.530 ¥112.775 ¥120.779 ¥130.843 ¥143.932 ¥487.765 ¥1,102.624 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE—Continued 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
92,252 ¥91,570 ¥92,376 ¥94,506 ¥95,251 ¥95,817 ¥94,894 ¥92,787 ¥89,298 ¥83,567 ¥465,956 ¥922,318 
TABLE 8.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION TOTAL SPENDING AND REVENUE, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE—Continued 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
1. Only onbudget amounts for fiscal years 2016–2025 are entered into the budget resolution legislative text. Offbudget amount s are shown for display purposes only. 
2. The Office of Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office do not separately track outlays for the Global War o n Terrorism (GWOT) once funds have been appropriated. The budget, therefore, shows in function 970 
GWOT outlays that result from new budget authority occurring in fiscal years 2016–2025 only. Outlays resulting from GWOT activi ty prior to fiscal year 2016 are included in budget functions 050 and 150. 
TABLE 9.—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION DISCRETIONARY SPENDING, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
TABLE 10—FY 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION MANDATORY SPENDING, AS PASSED BY THE HOUSE 
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2016– 
funds to develop, maintain, and equip the military forces of the United States. Historically, about 95 percent of the funding in this function goes to Department of Defense military activities; the remaining funding applies to atomic energy defense activities of the Department of Energy and other defense 
$531.3 billion in regular budget authority and $564.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $523.1 billion, with $555.7 billion in outlays; direct spending is $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.3 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $5,886.8 billion, and outlays are $5,821.5 billion. 
in discretionary budget authority and $87.1 billion in related outlays for overseas contingency operations. 
The House amendment abides by the Budget Control Act discretionary defense cap of $523 billion for fiscal year 2016. In addition to this funding, the House amendment continues to prioritize national defense by providing needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund.’’ The fund will provide the Chairman of the House Committee on the Budget the ability to increase the defense allocation, in a deficitneutral way, to support legislation that would provide additional resources for the Department of Defense [DOD]. In total with $90 billion, the House budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Operations funding for DOD, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides more than $613 billion total for defense spending—higher than the President’s budget request for the fiscal year. 
statement supporting national defense and the need to replace the defense discretionary sequester. Ultimately, the amendment fully supports U.S. troops, both at home and abroad, especially as the security environment becomes increasingly dangerous, complex, and unpredictable. 
The House amendment specifies $531.3 billion in budget authority and $564.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016, per current law. Discretionary budget authority is $523.1 billion, with $555.7 billion in associated outlays. Direct spending for fiscal year 2016 totals $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.3 billion in outlays. The 10year function totals for budget authority and outlays are $6,329.8 billion and $6,226.8 billion, respectively. 
billion in regular budget authority and $564.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $523.1 billion, with $555.5 billion in outlays; direct spending is $8.2 billion in budget authority and $8.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $6,001.2 billion, and outlays are $5,920.9 billion. Additional resources for national security are provided outside this budget function through overseas contingency operations funding in Function 970. 
The agreement supports funding for national defense that is consistent with current law, thus removing the possibility of acrosstheboard reductions to the national security budget. The agreement makes clear that U.S. troops will have the resources and support they need to meet the challenges of a complex security environment. Taking into account both funding in this function and the Overseas Contingency Operations function, the agreement supports national security spending levels above the President’s request over the next 5 and 10 years. 
The International Affairs function contains spending on international humanitarian and development assistance; international security assistance; the conduct of foreign affairs; foreign information and exchange activities; and international financial programs. Major agencies with programs funded under this function include the Departments of State, Treasury, and Agriculture; the U.S. Agency for International Development; and the Millennium Challenge Corporation. Negative numbers in the descriptions below reflect receipts from foreignmilitary sales and financing programs. 
billion in regular budget authority and $46.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $41.3 billion, with $47.9 billion in 
in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $451.8 billion, and outlays are $437.1 billion. 
in discretionary budget authority and $6.8 billion in related outlays provided in this function for overseas contingency operations. 
Since 2001, funding for the international affairs base budget (excluding Global War on Terrorism/Overseas Contingency Operations funding) has increased by 45 percent, adjusting for inflation. Yet more spending has not yielded better results. Duplicative programs, programs unrelated to vital U.S. national interests, and inefficiencies are prevalent in 
the budget and should be addressed. This amendment represents a thorough reevaluation of accounts in this category and prioritizes programs that are both integral to the core mission and that effectively and efficiently achieve desired outcomes. For this budget category, the House amendment proposes a total of $38.3 billion in budget authority and $42.9 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Most of the function’s spending is discretionary, totaling $38.9 billion in budget authority and $44.2 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Direct spending amounts are ¥$551 million in budget authority and ¥$1.3 
billion in outlays. Over 10 years the resolution provides $427.6 billion in budget authority and $410.7 billion in outlays. 
billion in regular budget authority and $46.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Regular discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $40.1 billion, with $47.1 billion in outlays; direct spending is $108 million in budget authority and ¥$1.1 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, regular budget authority totals $438.5 billion, with outlays of $431.7 billion. Additional resources for international affairs are provided outside this budget function through overseas contingency operations funding in Function 970. 
The agreement supports international affairs activities with the goal of promoting U.S. interests abroad and supporting humanitarian and development assistance overseas. It recognizes the need for review of programs in this function as many of them continue to receive funding despite expired authorizations. The agreement supports efforts by the committees of jurisdiction to reform U.S. foreign aid programs to ensure that foreign assistance is prioritized to deliver aid in a more effective and transparent manner. 
The General Science, Space, and Technology function includes the National Science Foundation, programs other than aviation programs at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and general science programs at the Department of Energy. 
billion in budget authority and $30.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $29.9 billion, with $29.9 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $107 million in budget authority and $105 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $331.4 billion, and outlays are $328.5 billion. 
unnecessary spending, while supporting core government responsibilities. It preserves 
basic research, providing stable funding for the National Science Foundation to conduct its authorized activities in science, space, and technology basic research, development, and science, technology, engineering, and math [STEM] education, while shifting the focus back to basic research. The amendment provides continued support for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration [NASA] and recognizes the vital strategic importance of the United States remaining the preeminent spacefaring nation. The amendment aligns funding in accordance with the NASA core principles to support robust space capability, to allow for exploration beyond low Earth orbit, and to support the Nation’s scientific and educational base. Total funding in the amendment is $28.4 billion and $29.0 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively, in fiscal year 2016. Nearly all the function’s spending is discretionary, with $28.3 billion in budget authority and $28.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016; direct spending is $107 million in budget authority and $105 million in outlays. The 10year totals are $313.1 billion in budget authority and $309.3 billion in outlays. 
discretionary funding. The largest component of this category—about half of total spending—is for NASA’s spaceflight, research, and supporting activities. The conference agreement recognizes and supports preserving the Federal scientific community’s original role as a venue for groundbreaking basic science research discoveries and a driver of innovation and economic growth. The agreement calls for $29.2 billion in budget authority and $29.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $29.1 billion, with outlays of $29.5 billion; direct spending is $100 million in budget authority and $101 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $322.3 billion, and outlays are $318.0 billion. 
The Energy function concerns the production, development, and use of energy for the country. This function contains civilian energy programs at agencies including the Departments of Energy and Agriculture, Tennessee Valley Authority, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Negative numbers in the function mainly reflect the incoming repayment of loans and receipts from the sale of electricity produced by Federal entities, which are accounted for as negative spending. 
¥$1.9 billion in budget authority and $2.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $3.1 billion, with $4.2 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is ¥$5.1 billion in 
budget authority and ¥$1.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $6.9 billion, and outlays are $6.1 billion. 
function is to ensure that private sector capital is not crowded out by government overreach and bureaucratic waste. The policies also should protect taxpayers from poor government decisionmaking that wastes Federal dollars and increases energy prices. Finally, streamlining research and development activities across the Department of Energy will increase efficiency and consolidate 
are the guiding principles for energy policy in the House amendment. For fiscal year 2016, the budget resolution provides ¥$3.6 
billion in budget authority, with $654 million in related outlays. The discretionary figures for fiscal year 2016 are $2.1 billion in budget authority and $2.4 billion in outlays, with direct spending of ¥$5.6 billion in budget authority and ¥$1.8 billion in outlays. Ten 
year function totals are $5.9 billion in budget authority and $4.7 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement promotes abundant and affordable American energy production and use. It envisions policies that realign the size and role of government involvement in the private sector, while empowering the committees of jurisdiction to pursue legislation in pursuit of these broad goals. The agreement provides ¥$3.2 billion 
in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $1.4 billion in outlays. These amounts include $2.6 billion in discretionary budget authority and $3.2 billion in discretionary outlays, with direct spending of ¥$5.8 billion in 
budget authority and ¥$1.8 billion in outlays. Spending over the next 10 years totals ¥$9.1 billion in budget authority and ¥$11.5 
function focuses on the management, development, and maintenance of the Nation’s natural heritage. This function includes conservation of land and water resources; development of water power and transportation infrastructure; and agencies and resources associated with the management and regulation of pollution, public and recreational lands, and natural resources. 
billion in budget authority and $39.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $34.5 billion, with $37.2 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $1.8 billion in budget authority and $1.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $406.5 billion, and outlays are $412.5 billion. 
The House amendment continues to support policies that will make America’s natural resources available to producers who can provide a fair return to taxpayers. In addition to the receipts the Federal Government collects from royalties, rents, and bonus bids, the increased economic activity on Federal land will create jobs and boost economic output. The amendment supports reducing the Federal estate, and giving States and localities more control over the resources within their boundaries. The House budget provides $35.4 billion in budget authority for fiscal year 2016, with $38.1 billion in related outlays. The discretionary spending figures for fiscal year 2016 are $34.4 billion in budget authority and $36.8 billion in outlays. For direct spending in fiscal 2016, the House amendment provides $984 million in budget authority and $1.3 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the function totals are $380.9 billion in budget authority and $387.4 billion in outlays. 
and healthy environment that can accompany robust economic growth and job creation. It supports better management of the lands and resources overseen by the Federal Government, including potentially reducing the Federal estate, and a more responsible relationship between regulatory agencies 
and the private sector. The agreement provides $36.4 billion in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $39.5 billion in outlays. These figures include $34.4 billion in discretionary budget authority and $37.0 billion in discretionary outlays, as well as $1.9 billion in direct spending budget authority with $2.5 billion in outlays. Spending through the 10 year budget window totals $406.0 billion in budget authority and $413.0 billion in outlays. 
the continued success of American agriculture and the agricultural industry. This function includes only programs and policies concerned with agricultural production, including direct assistance and loans to farmers; export assistance; agricultural research; and marketing, information, and animal and plant health inspection services. 
billion in budget authority and $20.6 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $5.9 billion, with $5.9 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $14.7 billion in budget authority and $14.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $218.1 billion, and outlays are $213.3 billion. 
higher priority be given to competitive grantbased agricultural research. This type of research funding, in contrast to formula based and other types, is most likely to spur agricultural productivity growth, which is important to enhancing the international competitiveness of U.S. agriculture over the longer term. Also, continued attention should be given to streamlining and, where possible, consolidating operations and activities across U.S. Department of Agriculture agencies, including in its large network of county field offices. 
The 2014 farm bill made a number of reforms to agricultural policies, most notably by eliminating direct payments, but significant declines in market prices over the past year are expected to result in increased levels of assistance under the farm bill’s new price and revenuebased programs. While it is important to continue to reform agricultural programs, weather and market challenges continue to highlight the importance of maintaining a safety net for farmers. 
$20.1 billion in budget authority and $21.2 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal 2016 is $6.1 billion; outlays are $6.0 billion. The direct spending share of the fiscal year 2016 function totals are $14.0 billion in budget authority and $15.2 billion in outlays. For the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025, budget authority totals $204.5 billion and outlays are $201.9 billion. 
Committees on Agriculture in the House of Representatives and Senate to build on the reforms in the 2014 farm bill to ensure American agriculture remains a vital part of the Nation’s economy while supporting rural economies in a fiscally responsible way. The agreement provides $19.1 billion in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $21.6 billion in outlays in this function. These amounts include $6.0 billion in discretionary budget authority and $5.9 billion in discretionary outlays, as well as direct spending amounts of $13.1 billion in budget authority and $15.6 billion in outlays. Total spending over the 
next 10 years in this function equals $204.2 billion in budget authority and $201.1 billion in outlays. 
The Commerce and Housing Credit function includes mortgage credit, the U.S. Postal Service, deposit insurance, and most of the activities of the Departments of Commerce and Housing and Urban Development. Negative figures in this function mainly reflect the negative subsidy rates applied to certain loan and loanguarantee programs scored under the guidelines of the Federal Credit Reform Act, such as the Federal Housing Administration [FHA] and the Government National Mortgage Association (commonly known as Ginnie Mae) programs. 
in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$8.1 billion, with ¥$7.9 billion in related 
outlays. Direct spending is $10.0 billion in budget authority and ¥$3.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals ¥$5.6 billion, and outlays are ¥$179.9 billion. 
These figures reflect the combined on and offbudget amounts associated with this function. 
system that supports commerce and housing and regulates in an efficient manner, providing sufficient oversight where necessary without wasting taxpayer monies or stifling 
free enterprise. The amendment calls for minimizing subsidies to commercial entities where possible and protecting taxpayers from the risk of future bailouts. Additionally, it envisions adjusting the budgets of Federal agencies to levels necessary to effectively and efficiently execute their missions, and creating a climate that supports rather than stifles commerce and free enterprise. The House amendment also recommends giving the Postal Service the flexibility that any business needs to respond to changing market conditions, including declining mail volume, which is down more than 25 percent since 2006. 
fiscal year 2016, of which ¥$13.1 billion is discretionary budget authority, with ¥$12.8 billion in outlays. Direct spending for fiscal 2016 is $6.4 billion in budget authority and 
through 2025, the amendment provides ¥$103.8 billion in budget authority and 
The conference agreement supports policies that would reduce the risk of taxpayer bailouts and promote free enterprise. Additionally, the agreement aims to remove burdensome regulations so the economy can run more efficiently. Fiscal year 2016 budget authority totals ¥$4.0 billion, and outlays 
total ¥$13.6 billion. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$10.6 billion, with ¥$7.2 billion in related outlays. 
Direct spending budget authority is $6.6 billion in fiscal year 2016, with ¥$6.4 billion in 
outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority in Function 370 totals ¥$79.7 billion, and outlays are ¥$244.3 billion. These totals reflect 
and regulation for ground transportation (including roads and highways, railroads, and 
urban mass transit), air transportation (including aeronautical research conducted by NASA), and maritime commerce. The major agencies included in this function are the Department of Transportation (including the Federal Aviation Administration, Federal Highway Administration, Federal Transit Administration, and Maritime Administration), the Department of Homeland Security (including the Transportation Security Administration, United States Coast Guard, and the Federal Air Marshal Service), and the National Railroad Passenger Corporation. 
billion in budget authority and $88.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $29.1 billion, with $87.2 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $42.4 billion in budget authority and $1.2 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $750.4 billion, and outlays are $806.4 billion. 
the Highway Trust Fund, aligns spending with incoming revenue, and ensures any general fund transfers will be fully offset. It provides the authorizing committees flexibility through a deficitneutral reserve fund. It also maintains essential funding for surface transportation, aviation, and safety—offset by reductions in other transportation activities of lower priority to the Federal Government. 
For fiscal year 2016, the amendment provides $36.7 billion in budget authority and $79.2 billion in associated outlays. Those amounts consist of $31.0 billion in fiscal 2016 discretionary budget authority and $78.1 billion in outlays, and direct spending budget authority of $5.7 billion, with $1.1 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the function totals are $741.5 billion in budget authority and $781.5 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement provides essential funding for surface transportation, aviation, and safety, offset by reductions in transportation activities of lower priority to the Federal Government. Through deficit neutral reserve funds, the agreement gives the committees of jurisdiction flexibility in future legislation involving the Highway Trust Fund. The fund is put on more sound financial footing and its solvency reinstated. The agreement provides $72.1 billion in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 and $87.2 billion in outlays. These amounts include $30.1 billion in discretionary budget authority and $86.1 billion in discretionary outlays, with direct spending of $42.0 billion in budget authority and $1.1 billion in outlays. Spending over the next 10 years totals $665.6 billion in budget authority and $748.7 billion in outlays. 
The Community and Regional Development function includes Federal programs to improve community economic conditions, promote rural development, and assist in Federal preparations for and in response to disasters. This function provides appropriated funding for the Community Development Block Grant Program, Department of Agriculture rural development programs, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Federal Emergency Management Agency, and other disaster mitigation and community developmentrelated programs. It also provides direct funding for the National Flood Insurance Program. SENATE RESOLUTION  
billion in budget authority and $22.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $16.3 billion, with $21.0 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $1.2 billion in budget authority and $1.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $186.5 billion, and outlays are $211.9 billion. 
related to emergency preparedness and critical needs, the House amendment urges streamlining nonessential community and regional initiatives that are not core functions of the Federal Government. The House amendment provides $7.1 billion in budget authority and $19.9 billion in outlays for the function in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary spending for the year is $7.0 billion in budget authority and $19.6 billion in outlays. Budget authority for direct spending in fiscal 2016 is $124 million, with $351 million in outlays. Over 10 years, the amendment provides $81.6 billion and $128.6 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively. 
relating to emergency preparedness and critical needs. Most of this category’s funding is discretionary; the main direct spending component of this function is the National Flood Insurance Program. The agreement supports a more efficient grant system, which includes strengthening oversight of the grant programs to reduce waste and improve effectiveness. The agreement calls for $15.5 billion in budget authority and $20.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $15.0 billion, with outlays of $19.6 billion; direct spending is $446 million in budget authority and $1.1 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $139.4 billion, and outlays are $181.0 billion. 
and Social Services function includes funding for the Department of Education, some social services programs within the Department of Health and Human Services, and employment and training programs within the Department of Labor. 
billion in budget authority and $95.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $91.4 billion, with $95.0 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is ¥$5.1 billion in budget authority and $746 million in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $930.0 billion, and outlays are $942.3 billion. 
tuition and presents too many students with the difficult choice between crippling debt and stopping short of their highest educational attainment, the House amendment envisions a framework that uses Federal dollars more efficiently, accounts for student loans in a way that reflects their true cost, and invests in a sustainable higher education system. The amendment also views Federal support for K–12 education as just that: It should support, not seize control from, State and local entities. Real gains in education result from the diversity and creativity of State and local educators, and the trend toward centralizing rules and standards in Washington risks smothering effectiveness and innovation. Toward these ends, the amendment provides $80.6 billion in budget authority and $90.4 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. Of those amounts, $88.2 billion is discretionary budget authority, with $91.4 billion in associated outlays. Direct spending in fiscal 2016 totals ¥$7.6 billion in budget authority and 
¥$967 million in outlays. (The negative figures result mainly from the methodology used to score direct student loans under the Federal Credit Reform Act.) Over 10 years, the House amendment provides $883.2 billion in total budget authority and $900.5 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement supports reforms to the current educational system in order to give the Nation’s students the opportunity for a better, more affordable education. In addition, it encourages the enactment of policies that better equip Americans of all ages to excel not only in school but also in the workforce. Function 500 totals amount to $83.3 billion in budget authority and $93.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $89.8 billion, with $93.8 billion in related outlays. Direct spending budget authority is ¥$6.5 billion in fiscal year 2016, 
budget authority totals $932.6 billion, and outlays are $942.5 billion. 
a variety of health care services administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. This function also includes health research conducted by the National Institutes of Health; public health and safety programs conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; primary health care services conducted by the Health Resources and Services Administration; and the regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and food products conducted by the Food and Drug Administration. The most significant drivers of spending in the function are the coverage provisions of the President’s health care law and Medicaid. 
$414.4 billion in budget authority and $424.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $57.8 billion, with $58.4 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $356.6 billion in budget authority and $366.3 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $4,376.5 billion, and outlays are $4,384.5 billion. 
The amendment calls for repealing the Affordable Care Act in full—its spending, taxes, regulations, and mandates—as a first step toward introducing real, patientcentered health care reform in America. The amendment contains a policy statement describing the contours of this strategy, emphasizing affordability, accessibility, quality, choices, innovation, responsiveness, and legal reforms. The amendment also supports major reforms to strengthen and secure Medicaid benefits, such as converting the Federal share of Medicaid into State Flexibility Funds that each State may tailor to its own needs. For fiscal year 2016, the amendment provides $416.5 billion in budget authority in Function 550, with $426.9 billion in associated outlays. For discretionary spending, the amendment provides $57.7 billion in budget authority and $58.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. The direct spending amounts for that year are $358.7 billion in budget authority and $368.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 
The conference agreement calls for the repeal of the President’s health care law. The agreement accommodates legislation from the committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate to continue to develop health care solutions that lower costs and improve access to care. It envisions Medicaid reform, based on a framework proposed by the chairmen of the committees of jurisdiction in the House and the Senate, to modernize and improve the program while increasing State flexibility and protecting the most vulnerable populations. 
billion in budget authority and $430.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $57.7 billion, with $58.4 billion in related outlays. Direct spending in fiscal year 2016 is $375.3 billion in budget authority and $372.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $4,337.2 billion, and outlays are $4,334.4 billion. 
Medicare program, which provides health insurance to senior citizens and certain persons with disabilities. Nearly 99 percent of spending in this function occurs on the direct side of the budget, and almost all of the direct spending consists of payments for Medicare benefits. The balance of spending is discretionary annual appropriations for the cost of administering and monitoring the Medicare program. 
$567.2 billion in budget authority and $567.1 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $6.6 billion, with $6.6 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $560.6 billion in budget authority and $560.6 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $6,930.9 billion, and outlays are $6,929.9 billion. 
of saving, strengthening, and securing the future of Medicare. The current spending trajectory of Medicare will result in an inability to provide the promised benefits to America’s seniors in the notsodistant future. The amendment pursues a responsible course to ensure the viability of the Medicare Program through a number of structural reforms, including transitioning to a premium support model bringing patient choices and helpful competition into the program, allowing for improvement in quality care, increasing accessibility and affordability, and a real check on wasteful practices. For fiscal year 2016, the function totals in the amendment are $577.7 billion in budget authority and $577.6 billion in outlays. The direct spending portion for fiscal 2016 totals $6.6 billion in budget authority and outlays. Far more significant is the function’s direct spending of $571.1 billion in budget authority and outlays. Over 10 years, Function 570 spending is projected at $7,181.2 billion in budget authority and $7,180.2 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement supports the repeal of the President’s health care law, including the repeal of the Medicare Independent Payment Advisory Board. The agreement proposes the same amount of Medicare savings reflected in the Senate passed fiscal year 2016 budget as a target to extend the life of the Hospital Insurance 
trust fund and tasks the committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate with determining the specific Medicare reforms needed to bring spending levels under current law in line with the budget. Finally, the conference agreement accounts for the full cost of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
billion in budget authority and $579.4 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $6.5 billion, with $6.5 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $572.9 billion in budget authority and $572.9 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $7,076.5 billion, and outlays are $7,075.6 billion. 
range of income security programs that provide cash or nearcash assistance to lowincome persons, and benefits to certain retirees, persons with disabilities, and the unemployed. 
$529.5 billion in budget authority and $528.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $65.1 billion, with $65.4 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $464.4 billion in budget authority and $463.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $4,899.5 billion, and outlays are $4,858.0 billion. 
The House amendment proposes to continue the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s by improving work requirements for meanstested programs to help more people escape poverty and move up the economic ladder. It focuses resources on programs that deliver real results, restraining spending to reasonable levels, reducing improper payments, and allowing States more ability to improve programs through policy innovation. For fiscal year 2016, the amendment provides $512.4 billion in budget authority, with $513.7 billion in associated outlays. The amendment provides $61.4 billion in fiscal 2016 discretionary budget authority, with $63.6 billion in outlays, along with $451.0 billion in budget authority and $450.1 billion in outlays for direct spending. Over 10 years, the totals are $5,102.2 billion in budget authority and $5,048.2 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement assumes the enactment of proposals to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence. Based on the successful welfare reforms of the 1990s, these proposals would improve work requirements and provide flexible funding for States to help those most in need find gainful employment, escape poverty, and move up the economic ladder. The agreement focuses resources on programs that deliver real results, reducing wasteful spending and empowering States to make key decisions and improve welfare programs through policy innovation. In fiscal year 2016, the agreement provides $523.1 billion in total budget authority and $523.6 billion in total outlays. Discretionary budget authority is $63.2 billion, and outlays are $64.2 billion. Direct spending is $459.9 billion in budget authority and $459.4 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $4,985.2 billion in budget authority and $4,936.6 billion in outlays. Social Security Retirement and Disability: 
the payrolltaxfinanced programs collectively known as Social Security: OldAge and Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance. These programs provide retirement and disability benefits to approximately 56 million eligible retired workers, disabled persons, and their spouses, dependents, and survivors. This function includes both Social Security benefit payments and funds to administer the program and ensure program integrity. 
$930.0 billion in budget authority and $925.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $5.0 billion, with $5.1 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $924.9 billion in budget authority and $920.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $12,285.9 billion, and outlays are $12,225.4 billion. 
will fail to fulfill its promises to the Nation’s retired and disabled persons—and that outcome will occur sooner than expected. With each year Congress delays, the policy changes needed to correct the program’s fiscal trajectory will become larger and more wrenching to adopt, eventually leading to sudden, steep reductions in benefits. The House amendment calls for a bipartisan way forward, encouraging the President and Congress to begin the process of reforming Social Security. The budget provides $930.0 billion in unified Function 650 budget authority in fiscal year 2016, and $925.9 billion in outlays. The discretionary figures for fiscal 2016 are $5.0 billion in budget authority and $5.1 billion in outlays. Direct spending that year is $924.9 billion in budget authority and $920.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $12,281.5 billion in budget authority and $12,220.9 billion in outlays. 
President and Congress will work together on a bipartisan basis to preserve Social Security for current and future generations. It assumes enactment of legislation that will prevent the nearterm insolvency of the Disability Insurance program; improve the administration and coordination of benefits; and increase employment opportunities for disabled workers. The agreement also assumes the President will submit legislation to Congress addressing the longterm insolvency both of the OldAge and Survivors Insurance program and the Disability Insurance program. In fiscal year 2016, the agreement provides $928.9 billion in total budget authority and $925.0 billion in total outlays. Discretionary budget authority is $5.0 billion, and outlays are $5.1 billion. Direct spending is $923.9 billion in budget authority and $919.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, the totals are $12,278.2 billion in budget authority and $12,216.7 billion in outlays. These figures reflect the combined on and off 
The Veterans Benefits and Services function includes Veterans’ Health Administration and health services (majority of the discretionary spending), veterans’ pensions and disability compensation (majority of the direct spending), and other veterans services. 
billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $68.6 billion, with $68.3 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $98.1 billion in budget authority and $101.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $1,817.4 billion, and outlays are $1,812.7 billion. 
The House amendment fully funds veterans’ discretionary benefits and services by providing CBO’s estimated funding level of veterans discretionary programs needs for fiscal year 2016, which is a 5 percent increase above last year’s level. The House Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor the Department of Veterans Affairs’ progress to ensure resources provided by Congress are sufficient and efficiently used to provide benefits and services to veterans. The resolution calls for $166.7 billion in budget authority and $170.1 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016 for veterans’ benefits and services. Fiscal year 2016 discretionary spending is $68.6 billion in budget authority and $68.3 billion in outlays, while direct spending totals $98.1 billion in budget authority and $101.8 billion in outlays. The 10year totals for budget authority and outlays are $1,815.4 billion and $1,810.8 billion, respectively. 
The conference agreement fully funds veterans’ discretionary benefits and services by providing CBO’s estimated funding level of veterans discretionary program needs for fiscal year 2016, a 5percent increase above last year’s level. The House and Senate Budget Committees will continue to closely monitor the Department of Veterans Affairs’ progress to ensure resources provided by Congress are sufficient and efficiently used to provide benefits and services to veterans. The agreement calls for $166.3 billion in budget authority and $171.9 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016 for Veterans benefits and services. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $68.6 billion, with outlays of $68.3 billion; direct spending is $97.7 billion in budget authority and $103.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $1,812.8 billion, and outlays are $1,815.7 billion. 
The Administration of Justice function includes programs to provide judicial services, police protection, law enforcement (including civil rights), rehabilitation and incarceration of criminals, and the general maintenance of domestic order. 
billion in budget authority and $56.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $51.3 billion, with $52.0 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $1.2 billion in budget authority and $4.8 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $618.2 billion, and outlays are $621.3 billion. 
With the risk of terrorism, as well as a 
tidal wave of debt, the House amendment focuses Federal taxpayer money for the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security on administering justice, arresting and prosecuting terrorists, investigating crimes, and seeking punishment for those guilty of unlawful behavior. For fiscal year 2016, the House amendment provides $52.2 billion in total budget authority and $56.0 billion in outlays, focused on core Federal Government responsibilities and reducing duplication, excess, and unnecessary spending. The discretionary totals—the majority of the function’s spending—are $51.0 billion in budget authority and $51.3 billion in outlays; direct 
spending is $1.1 billion in budget authority and $4.7 billion in outlays. Over 10 years the amendment provides $602.1 billion and $606.3 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively. 
The vast majority of this category’s funding is discretionary and used for Federal law enforcement programs, litigation and judicial activities, correctional operations, and border security. A small amount of direct spending funds certain immigration activities, the Crime Victims Fund, the Assets Forfeiture Fund, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund, among other purposes. Federal taxpayer money for the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security should be focused on core responsibilities, with priority given to those activities that are most essential to the Federal Government in this area. The conference agreement calls for $51.0 billion in budget authority and $56.5 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 is $51.2 billion, with outlays of $52.0 billion; direct spending is ¥$196 million in budget authority and $4.5 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $609.2 billion, and outlays are $614.3 billion. 
the activities of the White House and the Executive Office of the President, legislative branch, and programs to carry out the administrative responsibilities of the Federal Government, including personnel management, fiscal operations, and property control. 
billion in budget authority and $23.7 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals $17.2 billion, with $17.1 billion in related outlays. Direct spending is $6.6 billion in budget authority and $6.6 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $266.3 billion, and outlays are $263.2 billion. 
that a government seeking greater efficiency in its programs should demand no less from its own operations. This should be achieved by eliminating waste across Federal Government branches and agencies wherever possible, in order to scale back government where it has expanded needlessly or beyond its proper role. The amendment provides $23.6 billion in budget authority and outlays for fiscal year 2016. The totals consist of $16.7 billion in discretionary budget authority and outlays, and $6.9 billion in direct spending budget authority and outlays. For fiscal years 2016 through 2025, the function totals are $244.2 billion in budget authority and $244.7 billion in outlays. 
The conference agreement supports policies that reduce waste and streamline government operations across all Federal Government branches and agencies. Function 800 totals amount to $23.2 billion in budget authority and $23.0 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority and outlays total $17.0 billion in fiscal year 2016. Direct spending budget authority is $6.2 billion in fiscal year 2016, with $6.0 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority in 
The Net Interest function contains the interest paid to private and foreign government holders of U.S. Treasury securities. 
This function includes interest on the public debt less the interest received by the Federal Government from trust fund investments and loans to the public. It contains direct payments, with no discretionary components. 
$274.4 billion in budget authority and $274.4 billion in outlays, all of which are direct spending, in fiscal year 2016. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $4,788.1 billion, and outlays are $4,788.1 billion. These figures reflect the combined on and offbudget amounts associated with this function. 
The House amendment calls for $274.3 billion of direct spending for net interest payments in fiscal year 2016. The proposed 10 year total for net interest payments is $4,748.9 billion. 
billion of direct spending for net interest payments in fiscal year 2016. The proposed 10year total for net interest payments is $4,757.1 billion. There are no budget policies for this function. 
budgetary effects of proposals that cannot easily be distributed across other budget functions. It contains CBO’s estimate of the budgetary effects of the Budget Control Act’s automatic enforcement provisions for nondefense spending. Function 920 also contains governmentwide savings. For example, this function includes CBO’s estimate of the macroeconomic feedback effect resulting from the deficitreduction path assumed in the budget resolution conference agreement. 
billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals ¥$15.2 billion, with ¥$11.5 billion in 
related outlays. Direct spending is $2.8 billion in budget authority and $5.9 billion in outlays. Over 10 years, budget authority totals ¥$677.9 billion, and outlays are ¥$630.7 
changes in this function, leaving it instead at the CBO baseline levels. The CBO baseline includes total savings of $33.5 billion in budget authority and $17.3 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016, and $405.7 billion and $357.9 billion in reductions for budget authority and outlays over 10 years, respectively, to reflect the impact of the Budget Control Act [BCA] on nondefense and nonMedicare spending. The following two components are included in the baseline: 
authority and $342.4 billion in outlays for nondefense activities, needed to comply with the discretionary spending caps set by section 101 of the BCA; 
in budget authority and outlays, respectively, to nonMedicare and nondefense direct spending programs necessary to comply with the automaticenforcement procedure (the direct spending sequester) mandated by the BCA. 
billion in budget authority and $45.5 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. Discretionary budget authority in fiscal year 2016 totals 
outlays. Direct spending budget authority and outlays each total $30.7 billion. Over 10 years, total budget authority is ¥$908.2 billion, and outlays are ¥$798.6 billion. 
This House category includes various policies that produce governmentwide savings in multiple categories rather than in a single, specific budget function. 
billion and $18.4 billion in budget authority and outlays, respectively, in fiscal year 2016. The 10year totals for budget authority and outlay savings are ¥$496.9 billion and 
¥$418.2 billion, respectively. (The figures appear in Function 930 in the summary tables.) As is true elsewhere, specific policies will be determined by the appropriate committees of jurisdiction. 
function comprises major offsetting receipts items that would distort the funding levels of other functional categories if they were distributed to them. 
All funding in this function is direct spending. The Senate budget resolution calls for ¥$86.0 billion in budget authority and outlays in fiscal year 2016 (The minus sign indicates receipts flowing into the Treasury.). Over 10 years, budget authority totals ¥$1,102.6 billion, with ¥$1,102.8 billion in 
outlays. These figures reflect the combined on and offbudget amounts associated with this function. 
The House amendment examines the management of Federal fleet vehicles, realproperty, and lands among other assets in an effort to help taxpayers recoup billions of dollars devoted to unused government property. The House amendment calls for ¥$90.1 billion in budget authority and outlays in fiscal year 2016, all of which is direct spending. Over 10 years, budget authority and outlays total ¥$1,154.6 billion. 
billion in budget authority and outlays for fiscal year 2016. The negative figures reflect receipts flowing into the Treasury. Over 10 years, budget authority and outlays each total ¥$1,292.4 billion. These figures reflect 
the combined on and offbudget amounts associated with this function. 
prosecution of Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism and other closely related activities. 
placeholder estimate of the budgetary resources necessary to fulfill the Department of Defense’s war policy, with final decisions 
still pending assessment. Combined with the base resources for National Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides more than $613 billion in total defense spending for the Global War on Terrorism. The House amendment provides for higher total defense resources than the President’s request in fiscal year 2016, the President’s 5year plan, and the President’s 10year levels. 
funding for the activities of civilian agencies—primarily the State Department and USAID—as part of the integrated civilmilitary strategy for securing American objectives in the frontline states. 
The House amendment provides $96.0 billion in budget authority and $45.4 billion in outlays for fiscal year 2016. The 10year totals for budget authority and outlays are $229.3 billion and $196.6 billion, respectively. 
The agreement supports overseas contingency operations funding at a level appropriate to meet the challenges posed by an increasingly dangerous security environment, and reflects a realistic rampdown path for this funding over the budget window. Funding in this function will provide support for military and diplomatic operations to counter the danger from growing global instability and threats posed by those who challenge U.S. security interests at home and abroad. The agreement sets the overall allocation for overseas contingency operations funding. The committees of jurisdiction will determine the specific policies. 
billion in budget authority and $48.8 billion in outlays in fiscal year 2016. There is no direct spending in this function. Over 10 years, budget authority totals $378.2 billion, and outlays are $373.8 billion. 
an acrosstheboard rescission affecting the Department of Homeland Security that was included in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235). 
reductions of $241 million in budget authority and $226 million in outlays over 10 years. The resolution recommends retaining the baseline levels. 
and other collections from the public that result from the Government’s sovereign powers to impose levies under Article I, section 8, clause I of the U.S. Constitution. Federal revenues include individual and corporate incomes taxes, social insurance taxes, excise taxes, estate and gift taxes, customs duties, and miscellaneous receipts. 
$3,459.5 billion in revenues in fiscal year 2016 ($2,666.8 billion onbudget, $792.8 billion off budget) and $41,669.7 billion over 10 years ($32,170.6 billion onbudget, $9,499.1 billion offbudget). 
patently unfair, and highly inefficient. Its complexity distorts decisions to work, save, 
and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. The House amendment proposes to correct the notorious complexity, unfairness, and inefficiency of U.S. taxes by calling for a reformed tax code that is simpler and fairer and promotes growth. A revamped tax code could raise just as much revenue as the system in place today, but without the harmful tax policies embedded in current law, such as the Affordable Care Act. A restructured and more efficient tax code with a broader tax base and lower tax rates also would spark greater economic growth and create more jobs. 
$3.459.5 billion in fiscal year 2016 and $41.669.7 billion through fiscal year 2025—are built on such a tax reform model. 
inefficient, and archaic. The current structure hurts economic growth, frustrates working Americans, and pushes American businesses overseas. The conference agreement assumes that the taxwriting committees will adopt a tax reform proposal that reduces marginal rates but broadens the tax base to create a fair, efficient, competitive, and progrowth tax regime that is revenue neutral. Any revenueneutral tax reform would include a repeal of the harmful tax increases in the President’s health care law. 
The conference agreement calls for revenues of $3,470.7 billion in fiscal year 2016 ($2,676.7 billion onbudget, $794.0 billion off budget) and $41,750.5 billion over 10 years ($32,237.4 billion onbudget, $9,513.1 billion offbudget). The difference between the conference agreement revenues and those of the Senate resolution and House amendment is due to CBO’s March reestimate at projected revenues. The conference agreement contains no tax increases. 
The budget resolution conference agreement provides a path for the committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate through reconciliation to repeal the Affordable Care Act with its burdensome mandates and restrictions, a first step toward introducing real, patientcentered health care reform. 
Section 201 of the Senate resolution instructs the Finance Committee and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions each to report, by July 31, 2015, changes in laws within their jurisdictions to reduce the deficit by no less than $1 billion over the 10year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
reconciliation bill reported under section 201 from including a provision that would increase the statutory debt limit. The prohibition is enforced with a point of order that, if raised, would require an affirmative vote of twothirds of the Senate to waive. 
Section 201 of the House amendment instructs 13 authorizing committees to achieve specified amounts of deficit reduction by a deadline of July 15, 2015. 
flexibility as to how the authorizing committees may achieve these savings, it assumes savings will be achieved through reductions in direct spending. The amounts reconciled are intended to serve as a floor on required savings, not a ceiling. The targets are for the total of the 10year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. These targets will provide the committees maximum flexibility in their savings while ensuring the 
directed to mark up legislation meeting its reconciliation target and submit legislation to the Committee of the Budget, consistent with section 310 of the Budget Act, instead of reporting it directly to the House. Other than submitting legislation to the Committee on the Budget, committees are expected to follow regular order in complying with House and Committee rules related to markup procedures and reporting requirements. The Committee on the Budget will then combine all submissions and report the legislation, without substantive revision, to the House. 
Section 202 also stipulates that the authorizing committees instructed to submit reconciliation legislation pursuant to this concurrent resolution shall, in preparing submissions, note and determine the most effective methods by which the President’s health care law shall be repealed. 
Section 203 of the House amendment authorizes the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to submit additional information to help guide the authorizing committees, including suggested increases in the amount of deficit reduction reconciled to each authorizing committee. 
of reconciliation for the sole purpose of repealing the President’s jobkilling health care law by instructing only those committees with jurisdiction over the healthcare related provisions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–148) and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152). Specifically, the Senate Committees on 
Finance and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the House Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce all received instructions to report changes in laws within their jurisdictions to reduce the deficit by no less than $1 billion over the 10year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
against a reconciliation measure that increases the public debt limit. The provision applies to reconciliation bills pursuant to this concurrent resolution, and any amendment, amendments between the Houses, and conference report thereon. The rule may only be waived by twothirds of the Senate. 
the House of Representatives are instructed to submit their recommendations to their respective Budget Committees no later than July 24, 2015. 
The House retains the Housepassed provision clarifying that in the House, for purposes of budget enforcement, the Chairman shall use the baseline underlying the March 2015 update to CBO’s Budget and Economic 
Chairman of the Budget Committee the authority to determine whether to reflect CBO’s ad hoc adjustments to the baseline subsequent to the adoption of this concurrent resolution. 
conference report retains the House position that the committees take note of the policy statement in the conference report relating to the repeal of the President’s health care law. 
to the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives to make adjustments in this concurrent resolution for committees that submit reconciliation recommendations and meet their respective reconciliation targets. 
Section 409 of the Senate resolution establishes a mechanism allowing the Senate to review the designation for overseas contingency operations [OCO] in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Designations that would cause the total amount of OCO spending in those years to exceed $58 billion and $59.5 billion, respectively, would be subject to a point of order, which—if raised—would require 60 votes to waive. If sustained, the offending provision of budget authority would be stricken from the text, but the rest of the measure would remain standing. 
provides the Committee on Appropriations with two separate OCO/GWOT allocations for 
Point of Order against Certain Changes in Mandatory Programs 
out the use of certain ‘‘CHIMPs’’ (changes in mandatory programs) in appropriation bills that reduce budget authority but do not result in any net outlay savings. For fiscal 
year 2016, the limit on this type of CHIMP is 
$19 billion, the amount contained in fiscal year 2015 appropriations measures. Thereafter, the limit is reduced by 20 percent per year until fiscal year 2021, when CHIMPs that fail to reduce net outlays are no longer to be permitted in appropriation measures. The limit is enforced with a point of order that, if raised, would require the affirmative vote of threefifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
Fiscal year 2016 $19,100,000,000 Fiscal year 2017 $19,100,000,000 Fiscal year 2018 $17,000,000,000 Fiscal year 2019 $15,000,000,000 
require the affirmative vote of threefifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, to waive. In the House the point of order lies against the individual provision except for an amendment or conference report in which case it lies against the entire amendment or conference report. For purposes of this section, the total budget authority of CHIMPs shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
Point of Order against Provisions that Constitute Changes in Mandatory Programs Affecting the Crime Victims Fund 
any provisions relating to CHIMPs affecting the Crime Victims Fund. 
limits the use of CHIMPs that affect the CVF to $10.8 billion in fiscal year 2016. This rule only applies to appropriations measures that provide fullyear funding for a fiscal year. The reduction in the CVF CHIMP is enforced with a ‘‘surgical strike’’ point of order. If a point of order is raised and sustained against a provision containing a CHIMP affecting the CVF that would cause the total value of all such CHIMPS enacted in relation to a fiscal year to exceed the limit, the provision would be stricken from the measure, but the rest of the bill would remain standing. In the House, in the case of an amendment or conference report, the point of order would lie against the entire measure. 
of the total budget authority of CHIMPs shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the applicable House of Congress. 
also directs the Committees on the Budget and Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate to work with other committees of jurisdiction to review the enforcement procedures for CHIMPs in appropriations bills—especially those affecting the CVF—and to make a joint recommendation that can be included in subsequent concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
loan and loanguarantee programs, section 412 of the Senate resolution directs CBO to provide in its cost estimates an assessment using fairvalue—alongside those estimates prepared under the Federal Credit Reform Act. In the Senate, cost estimates prepared using fairvalue would be provided for informational purposes only. 
requires, upon the request of the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on the Budget, that CBO estimates for any measure under the terms of Title V of the Budget Act to include an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
CBO prepares an estimate of the cost of legislation with a cost related to housing, residential mortgage, or student loan programs, under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, the estimate include an estimate of the ‘‘fair value’’ of the assets and liabilities affected. 
Committee on the Budget to use these supplemental estimates to determine whether legislation is within the levels of the budget resolution and complies with other budgetary controls. 
Section 414 of the Senate resolution requires CBO to estimate the cost of transitioning from the dollar bill to the dollar coin using net present value and to incorporate the behavioral effects of that transition in its estimate. 
In section 3106 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate in adopting the Senatepassed scoring rule relating to currency modernization. 
any provisions relating to longterm scoring of changes in spending limits and extension of highway programs. 
In section 3107 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate in adopting the Senatepassed rule. 
Requiring Clearer Reporting of Projected Federal Spending and Deficits 
Section 417 of the Senate resolution requires CBO to provide 30year projections of three key budget aggregates—revenues, outlays, and deficits—in current dollars and as a percent of GDP when CBO publishes its annual Budget and Economic Outlook. 
any provisions relating to clearer reporting of projected Federal spending and deficits. 
In section 3108 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate in adopting the reporting requirement. 
Congressional Budget Office Estimates of Measures with Significant Outlay Effects 
any provisions relating to CBO estimates of measures with significant outlay effects. 
In section 3109 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senatepassed rule regarding supplemental estimates. 
Section 421 of the Senate resolution prohibits consideration of legislation that increases or extends an increase of any guarantee fees of the Federal National Mortgage Association [FNMA] and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation [FHLMC]. Guarantee fees are collected to offset prospective FNMA and FHLMC credit losses, and using these fees as an offset merely doublecounts the funds collected. 
any provisions relating to CBO estimates of measures with significant outlay effects. 
In section 3110 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate rule prohibiting the use of guarantee fees as an offset. 
CBO to produce a onepage executive summary of its annual Budget and Economic Outlook that includes currentyear and futureyear projections of key budget aggregates (total outlays, tax expenditures, receipts, surpluses/deficits) and categories of spending (total mandatory spending and total discretionary spending; Social Security outlays, revenues, and surpluses/deficits; and Medicare outlays, revenues, and surpluses/ deficits. 
any provisions relating to information for Congress and the public about projected Federal outlays, revenue and deficits. 
In section 3111 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate rule directing CBO to provide additional information in its annual Budget and Economic Outlook report to Congress. 
the Joint Committee on Taxation and CBO to produce, alongside CBO’s conventional estimates, cost estimates that incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major policy changes. These estimates would be provided for informational purposes only. 
include legislation that causes a gross budgetary effect in any fiscal year covered by the budget resolution equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected GDP of the United States for that fiscal year. Under 
this subsection, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House or Senate and the Chair of the Joint Committee on Taxation, as applicable, may designate bills providing direct spending as major legislation for which estimates would incorporate macroeconomic effects. 
In carrying out this requirement, the managers intend that CBO and JCT review provisions that have a significant budgetary effect. Thus, the test is whether the absolute value of the effect of any provision in the legislation has a budgetary effect larger than the threshold, or if the sum of the absolute values of the effects of the provisions on revenues and on direct spending exceeds the threshold, rather than whether the legislation taken as a whole equals or exceeds such threshold values when all of the conventionally estimated costs of the provisions are netted out. 
The Housepassed resolution does not contain a comparable provision on Senate enforcement of supermajority points of order. 
As in past years, section 403 of the Senate 
resolution provides a supermajority point of order in the Senate against appropriations in fiscal year 2016 bills that would become effective in any year after fiscal year 2016, and against appropriation bills in fiscal year 2017 
that would first become available in any year after fiscal year 2017. It does not apply to appropriations for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting or Department of Veterans Affairs for the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. It provides an exemption up to $28.852 billion (the same level as provided for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, P.L. 11367) for accounts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers. 
accounts, which may receive advance appropriations, are referred to in this report or joint explanatory statement, as applicable, in the section designated as ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations.’’ 
Under the conference agreement, the Senate (in section 3202) and the House (in section 3304) retain their respective limits on advance appropriations. 
Job Corps Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Special Education Career, Technical, and Adult Education 
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE APPRO PRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUBJECT TO  
Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Career, Technical, and Adult Education Special Education 
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUB JECT TO A SEPARATE LIMIT OF $63 ,271,000,000 
Act prohibits the consideration of legislation in the Senate that would impose unfunded Federal mandates on State and local governments above a certain limit, enforced with a point of order. Section 404 of the Senate resolution increases the vote threshold needed to waive that point of order from a simple majority to threefifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
adopts the Senate language relating to unfunded mandates as a Senateonly provision. 
adopts the Senate language relating to the point of order against certain reconciliation bills. 
Section 407 of the Senate resolution prohibits a vote on passage of a bill or resolution unless the CBO cost estimate required for that measure (pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act) is available on CBO’s website at least 28 hours before a vote on final passage. The prohibition is enforced with point of order that, if raised, would require the affirmative vote of three fifths of Members, duly chosen and sworn, to waive. 
comparable provision relating to agreeing to legislation without a score. 
adopts the Senate language relating to agreeing to legislation without a score as a Senateonly provision. 
In the House, amendments to a reconciliation bill must be deficitneutral with respect to the reported savings in the bill, not 
the instructed savings in the affiliated budget resolution. The House rule ensures that if a reconciliation bill exceeds its fiscal target, those ‘‘extra’’ savings will be used for deficit reduction, not to increase spending. Section 408 of the Senate resolution applies the House rule in the Senate. 
The House does not have a comparable provision relating to the reported savings in a reconciliation bill (the rule already applies in the House). 
adopts the Senate language relating to the reported savings in a reconciliation bill as a Senateonly provision. 
CBO to score energy savings performance contracts using net present value—a method that more accurately represents the economic value of these transactions. 
comparable provision relating to scoring energy savings performance contracts. 
adopts the Senate language on energy savings performance contracts as a Senateonly provision. 
In section 3305 of the conference agreement, the House agrees to assess the implementation of section 3207 through a collaborative assessment, in conjunction with the Senate and CBO, of the appropriate scorekeeping methodology for evaluating the budgetary effects of this type of energy contract. 
If a bill becomes law that provides a new 
year 2016, consideration in the House of Representatives or the Senate of any legislation that reduces the actuarial balance of the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance [OASI] Trust Fund by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll for the 75year period included in the most recent annual report of the board of trustees. 
such legislation would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the OASI Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for the 75year period utilized in the most recent annual report of the board of trustees. 
The House point of order is not germane to 
a budget resolution in the Senate. Section 3301 of the conference agreement adopts the language of the House amendment as a Houseonly provision. 
The reserve fund in section 309 of the Senate resolution allows the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget in the Senate to revise the allocations of one or more committees, the aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between Houses, or motions relating to Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States, provided that such legislation shall not include transfers from other trust funds but may include transfers from the general fund that are offset, provided further that such legislation would not increase the deficit either over the period of the total of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020, or the period of the total of the fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Section 404 of the House amendment stipulates that, for purposes of budget enforcement, transfers of funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. 
Under the conference agreement, the Senate (in section 4309) and the House (in section 3302) retain their respective language on general fund transfers to the Highway Trust Fund. 
comparable provision relating to the improved control of budgetary resources. 
adopts the House amendment language as a Houseonly provision. 
As in past years, section 403 of the Senate 
resolution provides a supermajority point of order in the Senate against appropriations in fiscal year 2016 bills that would become effective in any year after fiscal year 2016, and against appropriation bills in fiscal year 2017 that would first become available in any year after fiscal year 2017. It does not apply to appropriations for the Corporation for 
Public Broadcasting or Department of Veterans Affairs for the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities accounts of the Veterans Health Administration. It provides an exemption up to $28.852 billion (the same level as provided for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, P.L. 11367) for accounts identified in the joint explanatory statement of managers. 
accounts, which may receive advance appropriations, are referred to in this report or joint explanatory statement, as applicable, in the section designated as ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations.’’ 
Under the conference agreement, the Senate (in section 3202) and the House (in section 3304) retain their respective limits on advance appropriations. 
Job Corps Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Special Education Career, Technical, and Adult Education 
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE APPRO PRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUBJECT TO  
Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Career, Technical, and Adult Education Special Education 
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SUB JECT TO A SEPARATE LIMIT OF $63 ,271,000,000 
Senate committees to identify waste, fraud, abuse, and duplication in Federal programs and to review matters identified by the Government Accountability Office, or GAO (in GAO’s annual duplication report or its High Risk list) for consideration by Congress. In addition, the resolution asks committees to provide recommendations for improved governmental performance in their annual views and estimates reports. 
Section 301 of the House amendment includes reconciliationlike instructions to named House committees to submit to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives no later than October 1, 2015, changes in laws within their jurisdiction that would achieve a targeted amount of savings from the elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse. Savings targets for each committee would be published in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House. 
of the Senate and House of Representatives to review applicable matters for congressional consideration identified in the Office of Inspector General semiannual reports and the Office of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented recommendations and on the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk list and annual report to reduce program duplication. 
Section 432 of the Senate resolution requires the joint explanatory statement accompanying the conference report on the budget resolution to include amounts for the discretionary administrative expenses of the Social Security Administration and the United States Postal Service—which are subject to the discretionary spending caps—in the allocation to the Appropriations Committee. 
expenses to be included in the cost estimates for the relevant appropriations measure, which are used to determine if a measure exceeds the spending limits in the budget resolution and, as a result, subject to points of order. 
adopts the language in the House resolution with a minor modification that strikes the reference to the point of order in section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act. 
Application and Effect of Changes in Allocations and Aggregates 
temporarily suspending the Senate point of order against certain reconciliation bills. 
of Representatives, for purposes of this concurrent resolution and budget enforcement, any legislation for which the Chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives makes an adjustment or revision in the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels of this concurrent resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives (CUTGO). 
Section 434 of the Senate resolution declares that in the event Congress enacts a bill or joint resolution that changes concepts or definitions, the Senate resolution provides the Budget Committee Chairman with the authority to change levels and allocations in this resolution, accordingly. 
Both the Senate and House resolutions include traditional language giving the Chairman of the Budget Committee the authority to make changes to the level and committee allocations in the event legislation becomes law that changes key budgetary concepts or definitions. In section 3404 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate language relating to changes in concepts and definitions. 
Section 435 of the Senate resolution declares that the provisions in Title III of the resolution are promulgated under the Senate’s rulemaking power and shall be considered part of the rules of the Senate. 
Section 411 of the House amendment affirms that the adoption of the budget resolution is an exercise of the House’s rulemaking power and that the House has the constitutional right to change these rules. 
In section 3405 of the conference agreement, the House joins the Senate language relating to rulemaking powers of this resolution 
Period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the 4 fiscal years following the budget year: $0. 
Period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the 9 fiscal years following the budget year: $0. 
authority to authorize policy changes—that is the role of the authorizing committees. Committees often make some of their policy priorities known in their views and estimates letters, and reserve funds are a way to accommodate those requests when the specific spending and revenue contours of those policies are unknown. 
Chairman of the Budget Committee to revise committee allocations, budgetary aggregates, and other appropriate levels in the budget resolution to accommodate legislation described in the reserve fund, provided the budgetary effects of that legislation satisfy the requirements enumerated. 
to increase the pace of economic growth and private sector job creation in the United States. 
protect flexible and affordable health care choices for all. 
for improving access to the children’s health insurance program. 
promote jobs in the United States through international trade. Section 312. Deficitneutral reserve fund to 
to reauthorize funding for payments in lieu of taxes to counties and other units of local government. 
to protect payments to rural hospitals and create sustainable access for rural communities. 
to encourage State Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled. 
to allow pharmacists to be paid for the provision of services under Medicare. 
relating to the funding of independent agencies, which may include subjecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process. 
to reform, improve, and enhance section 529 college savings plans. 
relating to securing overseas diplomatic facilities of the United States. 
achieve savings by helping struggling Americans on the road to personal and financial independence. 
relating to conserving Federal land, enhancing access to Federal land for recreational opportunities, and making investments in counties and schools. 
relating to expanding, enhancing, or otherwise improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
promote the next generation of NIH researchers in the United States. 
to prohibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refundable tax credit. 
address heroin and prescription opioid abuse. Section 343. Deficitneutral reserve fund to 
improve Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs. 
provide energy assistance and invest in energy efficiency and conservation. 
enable greater collaboration between the Department of Veterans Affairs and law school clinics serving veterans. 
increase funding for Department of Energy nuclear waste cleanup. 
relating to Department of Defense initiatives to bolster resilience of missioncritical department infrastructure to impacts from climate change and associated events. 
prevent the use of Federal funds for the bailout of improvident State and local governments. 
improve health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid. 
protect and strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs, hire more health care professionals for the department, and ensure quality and timely access to health care for all veterans. 
maintain and enhance access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program. 
relating to legislation submitted to Congress by the President of the United States to protect and strengthen Social Security. 
relating to a simplified incomedriven student loan repayment option. 
relating to the protection of clean water using scientific standards while maintaining the traditional role of agriculture. 
relating to keeping the Federal Water Pollution Control Act focused on the protection of water quality. 
for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. 
relating to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
relating to increasing access to higher education for lowincome Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
relating to requiring the Federal Government to allow States to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
relating to prohibiting funding of international organizations during the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adoption of implementing legislation. 
relating to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agreement. 
relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
relating to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
relating to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor organizations. 
prevent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
relating to ensuring equal treatment of married couples under the Social Security program and by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
relating to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
relating to ensuring proper economic consideration in designation of critical habitat. 
end ‘‘toobigtofail’’ bailouts for Wall Street megabanks (over $500 billion in total assets). 
relating to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
relating to increasing funding for the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of Congo. 
relating to development of a new nuclearcapable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security 
provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits. 
relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. 
relating to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
relating to ensuring that the conservation of northern longeared bat populations and local economic development are compatible. 
to allow the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers. 
relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. 
relating to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
relating to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in States that have decriminalized marijuana. 
relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
relating to raising the Family of Funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company Program. 
relating to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
relating to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare program. 
relating to strengthening waterborne commerce in our ports and harbors. 
relating to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications architecture of the United States. Section 399v. Deficitneutral reserve fund 
relating to BARDA and the BioShield Special Reserve Fund. 
relating to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses. 
relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process. 
to expedite awards under the Internal Revenue Service whistleblower program. 
relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities. 
relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the department. 
to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens of community banks and credit unions. 
to protect the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
relating to ensuring that Department of Justice attorneys comply with disclosure obligations in criminal prosecutions. 
to address the heroin and methamphetamine abuse epidemic in the United States. 
relating to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
fund relating to prioritizing the construction of infrastructure projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors. 
relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO. 
relating to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
fund relating to improving higher education data and transparency. 
fund relating to supporting programs funded by the Older Americans Act of 1965. 
relating to protecting the personal information of consumers from data breaches. 
relating to medical treatment and compensation for first responders, survivors, and their families injured and made ill by the 9/ 11 attacks. 
relating to increasing the guarantee threshold for Surety Bond Guarantee Program. 
relating to addressing methamphetamine abuse in the United States. 
relating to improving the prevention and treatment of agricultural virus outbreaks. 
relating to the importance of financial literacy education to allow individuals to make informed and effective decisions with their financial resources. 
fund relating to improving oral health care for children and pregnant women under Medicaid. 
fund relating to encouraging freight planning and investment that incorporates all modes of transportation, including rail, waterways, ports, and highways. 
related to providing for full funding for at sea and dockside monitoring for certain fisheries. 
relating to training and resources for first responders responding to hazardous materials incidents on railroads. 
fund relating to enhancing and improving the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to reduce the application backlog. 
fund relating to providing additional funding for international strategic communications. 
relating to investing in rural and tribal water infrastructure. 
fund related to sexual assault at institutions of higher education. 
relating to simplifying and expanding tax incentives for higher education. 
fund relating to authorizing children eligible for health care under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain such eligibility until age 26. 
fund relating to supporting workforce development through apprenticeship programs. 
fund relating to the prioritization of broad based criminal justice reform. 
fund relating to strengthening the economy by accelerating the transfer of technologies from laboratories of the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense to the marketplace. 
fund relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry. 
relating to imposing sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights or significant acts of corruption. 
relating to reforming student loan programs. Section 399ttt. Deficitneutral reserve fund 
relating to increasing funding for the TIGER discretionary grant program of the Department of Transportation. 
fund relating to promoting the use of college savings accounts. 
fund relating to establishing a new outcome based process for authorizing innovative higher education providers. 
fund relating to improving community relations with law enforcement officers. 
fund relating to support for Ukraine, which should include the provision of lethal defensive articles. 
relating to providing funding to combat anti Semitism in Europe. 
fund to provide students and families with transparent, easily understood postsecondary education financial aid information. 
fund relating to providing adequate funding for the Contract Tower Program of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
fund relating to underground and surface mining safety and health research. 
fund relating to investing in advanced fossil energy technology research and development. 
relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies. 
the President’s health care law. Section 501 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spending authority and other budgetary levels for a measure that fully repeals the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) and the health carerelated provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 [HCERA 2010] (Public Law 111–152). These are the health care bills enacted into law in 2010. 
must solely achieve that purpose and may not include extraneous language, whether such language has a budgetary effect or not. These adjustments would not be available for legislation that only partially repeals these laws. The reserve fund is intended to only apply to the health care provisions and would not apply to the repeal of the educationrelated provisions of HCERA 2010. The adjustments may be made for bills, amendments thereto, or conference reports. Multiple measures may take advantage of the reserve fund, as long as each is for the specified purpose. 
if it qualifies under the terms of this reserve fund, may be offered to an unrelated measure, but should such a measure, as amended, be returned to the House as a conference report or an amendment between the Houses, no adjustments would be made if that measure contained text unrelated to the purpose of this reserve fund. Adjustments may be made for amendments meeting the criteria, but the adjustment would not cover provisions in the underlying bill unrelated to repealing these laws. 
the terms of this reserve fund may be open for amendment, subject to the special rule 
providing for its consideration, but the amendment, if it does not meet the terms outlined in this section, must be compliant with the Budget Act and the Rules of the 
House without regard to the adjustments made to the underlying measure. 
for promoting real health care reform. Section 502 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spending authority, provided to committees of the House, and to adjust other budgetary levels for a measure that promotes real health care reform as long as the measure is deficitneutral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
related to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. Section 503 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise allocations of spending authority provided to committees of the House, and to adjust other budgetary levels for a measure that repeals the Medicare spending cuts in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), as long as the measure is deficitneutral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Medicare spending reductions is also eligible for these adjustments. A series of bills, joint resolutions, amendments, or conference reports may receive adjustments under this section, only limited by the cumulative amount of the Medicare spending reductions included in the public laws referenced, as estimated by the Chair of the Committee on the Budget. Once the limit is reached through enacted measures, no more adjustments may be made under this reserve fund. The amount necessary to repeal the Medicare spending cuts is a limit on the adjustments that may be made under this reserve fund, but as the House considers measures that meet these terms, the amount is not reduced until the enactment of such measure fulfilling this purpose. 
for the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. Section 504 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure that extends the State Children’s Health Insurance Program as long as such measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for graduate medical education. Section 505 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure that reforms, expands, access to, and improves, as determined by such Chair, graduate medical education programs as long as such measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for trade agreements. Section 506 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on Ways and Means and to adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for legislation that implements a trade agreement, as long as such a measure does not increase the deficit in the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for reforming the tax code. Section 507 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and to adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for legislation that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as long as such legislation is deficitneutral for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for revenue measures. Section 508 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to the Committee on Ways and Means for legislation that causes a decrease in revenue. The Chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust the allocations and aggregates in this resolution if the measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. This allows the Committee on Ways and Means to report legislation that reduces revenue below the level provided for in this resolution but only if it decreases outlays by an equal or greater amount in the applicable period. 
reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility. Section 509 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure reforming policies and programs to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility as long as such a measure neither adversely impacts job creation nor increases the deficit in the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for transportation. Section 510 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority and to adjust other budgetary enforcement levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolution to maintain the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, as long as such a measure does not increase the deficit in the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for Federal retirement reform. Section 511 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for a measure that reforms, improves and updates, as determined by such Chair, the Federal retirement system as long as such measure does not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
for national defense. Section 512 permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to revise the allocations of spending authority provided to applicable committees and adjust other budgetary levels in this resolution for any legislation that supports the activities specified below as long as such legislation is deficitneutral (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) for the periods of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 or fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The activities that may be supported in legislation under this reserve fund include Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equipment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation recommendations. 
The conference agreement contains the following reserve funds applicable in the Senate and the House: 
to reduce poverty and increase opportunity and upward mobility for struggling Americans. 
The agreement contains the following reserve funds applicable in the Senate: 
to increase the pace of economic growth and private sector job creation in the United 
to protect flexible and affordable health care choices for all. 
for improving access to the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
to promote jobs in the United States through international trade. 
to reauthorize funding for payments in lieu of taxes to counties and other units of local government. 
to protect payments to rural hospitals and create sustainable access for rural communities. 
to encourage state Medicaid demonstration programs to promote independent living and integrated work for the disabled. 
to allow pharmacists to be paid for the provision of services under Medicare. 
relating to the funding of independent agencies, which may include subjecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to the regular appropriations process. 
to reform, improve, and enhance section 529 college savings plans. 
relating to securing overseas diplomatic facilities of the United States. 
relating to expanding, enhancing, or otherwise improving science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
to prohibit aliens without legal status in the United States from qualifying for a refundable tax credit. 
to improve Federal workforce development, job training, and reemployment programs. 
to provide energy assistance and invest in energy efficiency and conservation. 
to end Operation Choke Point and protect the Second Amendment. 
to prevent the use of Federal funds for the bailout of improvident State and local governments. 
to improve health outcomes and lower the costs of caring for medically complex children in Medicaid. 
to maintain and enhance access, choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Choice Card program. 
by the President of the United States to protect and strengthen Social Security. 
relating to a simplified, incomedriven student loan repayment option. 
relating to keeping the Federal Water Pollution Control Act focused on the protection of water quality. 
relating to providing health care to veterans who have geographic inaccessibility to care. 
relating to increasing access to higher education for lowincome Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program. 
relating to requiring the Federal Government to allow States to opt out of Common Core without penalty. 
relating to prohibiting funding of international organizations during the implementation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adoption of implementing legislation. 
relating to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agreement. 
relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981. 
relating to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions. 
relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits. 
relating to prohibiting awarding of construction contracts based on awardees entering or not entering into agreements with labor organizations. 
to prevent American jobs from being moved overseas by reducing the corporate income tax rate. 
relating to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
relating to ensuring proper economic consideration in designation of critical habitat. 
to end ‘‘too big to fail’’ bailouts for Wall Street megabanks (over $500 billion in total assets). 
relating to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
relating to increasing funding for the relocation of the United States Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
relating to development of a new nuclearcapable cruise missile by the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
to provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits. 
relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits. 
relating to reforming Offices of Inspectors General and preventing extended vacancies. 
relating to ensuring that the conservation of northern longeared bat populations and local economic development are compatible. 
to allow the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation to enter into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies. 
relating to encouraging cost savings in office space used by Federal agencies. 
relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers. 
relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans. Section 4385. Deficitneutral reserve fund 
relating to supporting efficient resourcing for the Asia rebalance policy. 
relating to preventing access to marijuana edibles by children in states that have decriminalized marijuana. 
relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. 
relating to raising the family of funds limit of the Small Business Investment Company program. 
relating to detection, investigation, and prosecution of the owners and operators of websites who knowingly allow such websites to be used to advertise commercial sex with children over the Internet. 
relating to protecting the reliability of the electricity grid. 
relating to providing coverage of virtual colonoscopies as a colorectal cancer screening test under the Medicare program. 
relating to the modernization of the nuclear command, control, and communications architecture of the United States. 
relating to BARDA and the BioShield special reserve fund. 
relating to improving the nuclear forces and missions of the Air Force. 
relating to promoting economic growth and job creation for small businesses and full funding for atsea and dockside monitoring for certain fisheries. 
relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process. 
to expedite awards under the Internal Revenue Service whistleblower program. 
relating to encouraging the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities. 
relating to improving information sharing by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to investigations relating to substandard health care, delayed and denied health care, patient deaths, other findings that directly relate to patient care, and other management issues of the department. 
to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on community banks and credit unions. 
to protect the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
relating to ensuring that Department of Justice attorneys comply with disclosure obligations in criminal prosecutions. Section 4408. Deficitneutral reserve fund 
relating to providing access to necessary equipment for Medicare beneficiaries. 
infrastructure projects that are of national and regional significance and projects in highpriority corridors. 
relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate burden for ensuring the security of NATO. 
relating to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government. 
relating to provide additional funding for international strategic communications. 
The agreement contains the following reserve funds applicable in the House: 
related to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
for improving access to the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Orders of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress), which implements the Rules of the House of Representatives and is a requirement for the consideration of a concurrent resolution on the budget in the 114th Congress. It provides the average and estimated average rate of growth in meanstested and nonmeanstested direct spending for the 10year periods before and after fiscal year 2016, respectively, and proposes reforms of these two categories and direct spending. 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 Estimated Average annual growth 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: The average annual growth rate over the 20062015 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount recorded in 2005 through the amount projected for 2015. 
Data on spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary but gener ally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; n.a. = not applicable. Because October 1 fell on a weekend in 2006, 2007, and 2012, certain federal payments that were due on that date were instead m ade at the end of the preceding September and thus shifted into the previous fiscal year. Those shifts 
primarily affected outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans’ compensation benefits and pensions, and Medicare. 
a. The average annual growth rate reflects the program’s growth from its inception in 2006 through 2015. 
b. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 32 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spend ing for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
c. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitleme nt program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e. Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level s et in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
f. Does not include offsetting receipts. g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending 
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Average annual growth 
Veterans’ pensions 6 7 6 6 7 7 7 8 7 7 7 2.0% 
Pell Grantse 11 6 7 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 10 ¥1.3% 
NonMeansTested Programsf 1,847 1,947 2,018 2,094 2,241 2,370 2,516 2,708 2,820 2,933 3,165 5.5% 
Source: Congressional Budget Office; staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Notes: The projections shown here are the same as those reported in Congressional Budget Office, The Budget and Economic Outloo k: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 (January 2015). CBO recently updated its baseline projections as reported 
in Congressional Budget Office, Updated Budget Projections: 2015 to 2025 (March 2015). Some of the projections are different in  the March baseline, but at the request of the committee staff, the projections shown are from the January 
The average annual growth rate over the 20162025 period encompasses growth in outlays from the amount projected for 2015 throu gh the amount projected for 2025. 
Projections of spending for benefit programs in this table exclude administrative costs that are classified as discretionary bu t generally include administrative costs classified as mandatory. 
SNAP = Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Because October 1 will fall on a weekend in 2016, 2017, 2022, and 2023, certain federal payments that are due on that date will  instead be made at the end of the preceding September and thus be shifted into the previous fiscal 
Those shifts primarily affect outlays for Supplemental Security Income, veterans’ compensation benefits and pensions, and Medic are. 
a. Differs from the amounts reported in Table 32 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include payments to health insurance plans for risk adjustment (amounts paid to plans that attract less healthy enrollees) and reinsurance (amounts paid to plans that enroll individuals who end up with high costs). Spend ing for grants to states to establish exchanges is also excluded. 
b. Does not include amounts that reduce tax receipts. c. Differs from the amounts reported on Table 32 from The Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2015 to 2025 because it doe s not include other tax credits that were included in that table. 
d. Includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, the Child Support Enforcement program, the Child Care Entitleme nt program, and other programs that benefit children. 
e. Includes mandatory spending designed to reduce the discretionary budget authority needed to support the maximum award level s et in the appropriation act plus mandatory spending that, by formula, increases the total maximum 
award above the amount set in the appropriation act. 
f. Does not include offsetting receipts. g. Does not include outlays associated with federal interest payments, which are not considered part of mandatory spending. h. The discretionary baseline does not represent a projection of expected costs for the discretionary portion of the Pell Grant program. As with all other discretionary programs, the budget authority is calculated by inflating the budget 
authority appropriated for fiscal year 2015. Outlays for future years are based on those amounts of budget authority and also r eflect a temporary surplus of budget authority provided in 2015. 
process and baseline reform. Section 803. Policy statement on economic 
Section 805. Policy statement on trade. Section 806. Policy statement on Social Security. 
the President’s health care law and promoting real health care reform. 
Section 808. Policy statement on Medicare. Section 809. Policy statement on medical 
Section 812. Policy statement on Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Section 816. Policy statement on deficit reduction through the cancellation of unobligated balances. 
Section 818. Policy statement on responsible stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
The conference agreement contains the following policy statements of the House and Senate: 
Section 6101. Policy statement on a balanced budget amendment. Section 6102. Policy statement on Social 
Section 6202. Policy statement on economic growth and job creation. 
Section 6204. Policy statement on trade. Section 6205. Policy statement on repealing the President’s health care law and promoting real health care reform. 
Section 6210. Policy statement on the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Section 6215. Policy statement on responsible stewardship of taxpayer dollars. Section 6216. Policy statement on ‘‘No 
As required under section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the joint statement of managers includes allocations of budget authority and outlays, based on the conference agreement, to each of the authorizing committees and the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate. This joint statement allocates to the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate a lump sum of discretionary budget authority assumed in the concurrent resolution and corresponding outlays for a single fiscal year. It also provides allocations for each of the authorizing committees in the House and Senate for fiscal year 2016, commencing on October 1, 2015, and the 9 ensuing fiscal years, fiscal years 2017 through 2025. These allocations are as follows: 
2The allocation may be adjusted pursuant to section 3102 of the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent r esolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Financial Services: 
privilege to represent the people of the Tenth District of Illinois in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
to serve on the Financial Services Committee. However, due to my appointment to the Committee on Ways and Means, I hereby resign my seat on the Financial Services Committee. 
allow me to represent the interests of my constituents, and I look forward to getting to work with my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. 
of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION : Mr. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2029 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2029. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. ROSLEHTINEN in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
to bring H.R. 2029, the fiscal year 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, to the House of Representatives. 
friend and ranking member on the subcommittee, SANFORD BISHOP from 
Georgia, who has been an essential partner all along the way. I greatly appreciate the participation and support of our committee members, both sides of the aisle, as we considered priorities and funding levels for the important programs in our bill. 
We analyzed the budget request, developed questions, held oversight hearings to hear directly from members of all the services, the Department of Defense leadership, the Secretary of the VA, the VA inspector general, and the directors of four related agencies. We received over 700 requests from Members—again, from both sides of the aisle—and gave full consideration to each one. It has been a busy spring, and we did our best to accommodate those Member requests. 
As we consider this bill, I can’t proceed further without noticing that this subcommittee has a formidable level of support from the chair and ranking member of the full committee. Thank you, Chairman ROGERS and Mrs. 
and genuine care for the military and veterans has been inspiring. 
great support from our professional staff: Sue Quantius, Sarah Young, Tracey Russell, Maureen Holohan, and Matt Washington on the committee staff and Heather Smith, Drew Kent, and Sean Snyder on my personal staff. We couldn’t do it without all of them. 
H.R. 2029 demonstrates our firm commitment to fully supporting the Nation’s veterans and servicemembers. Our investment of nearly $77 billion for military construction and Veterans Affairs that is 6 percent—6 percent—over last year’s level is unprecedented. This bill provides comprehensive support for servicemembers, military families, and veterans. It supports our troops with facilities and services necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the States and around the world. 
schools and health clinics that take care of our military families, and the bill funds our veterans health care systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women return home. We owe this to our veterans and are committed to sustained oversight so that programs deliver what they promise and taxpayers are well served by the investments we make. 
this bill provides a total of $7.7 billion for military construction projects and family housing, including base and 
overseas contingency operations funding, an increase of $904 million. That is nearly 12 percent above the enacted fiscal year 2015 level and $755 million 
funding meets DOD’s most critical needs, including priorities for the combatant commanders in EUCOM, CENTCOM, AFRICOM, and PACOM. 
medical facilities, including the one at Landstuhl, Germany. It provides $334 million for the Department of Defense education facilities, for construction or renovation of 10 schools. It supports our Guard and Reserve through $512 million for facilities in 28 States. It fully funds military family housing at $1.4 billion. And it provides $150 million for the NATO security investment program, which is $30 million over the budget request. 
On the Veterans Affairs side, the legislation includes a total of $163.2 billion in combined discretionary and mandatory funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. Discretionary funding alone for veterans programs in the bill is $68.7 billion. Total fiscal year 2016 discretionary funding is $3.6 billion above 2015. It is a 5.6 percent increase and $1.4 billion below the request. Three billion dollars of this increase was advance funded. 
bill funds VA medical services at $48.6 billion. That includes $970 million that the VA came back and asked for on top of the advanced funding from last year. We stretched pretty far to do this, and we haven’t funded this second bite in the House before. It is tough to find $970 million in any budget environment, but this committee did, showing again the level of bipartisan commitment we have to our veterans. 
full request for the Veterans Benefits Administration, which is a $163 million increase over fiscal year 2015, and the full request for the Board of Veterans Appeals. 
and accountability at the VA through further oversight and an increase for the VA Office of Inspector General’s independent audits and investigations. I can assure you the inspector general’s office has been very, very busy. 
million for the modernization of the VA electronic health record and includes language restricting funding until the VA demonstrates progress on the system’s functionality and interoperability. This is a major concern to all of us on both sides of the aisle, and I know the chairman, in particular, has been outspoken about this matter, but it is something that all of us, Republican and Democrat, want to see fixed. 
On construction issues, major construction within the VA is funded at $562 million, which is the same level as fiscal year 2015. The bill provides funding for hospital replacement and allows the VA to continue to correct seismic safety issues and deficiencies. We did not fund the morethandouble budget request for construction, as we face the impact of gross mismanagement of the Colorado VA Hospital construction, which resulted in a $930 million cost overrun. That is not a typo: a $930 million cost overrun, which is nearly twice the entire VA major construction line item. We have also cracked down on oversight with multiple restrictions. 
We fund the American Battle Monuments Commission, the Armed Forces Retirement Home, Arlington National Cemetery, and the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims at the requested funding levels. 
In closing, this is a very solid bipartisan bill that is focused on the needs of servicemembers, veterans, and all their families. We are $4.6 billion over the fiscal year 2015 level; again, a nearly 6 percent increase. Not a cut. We have provided for our military and veterans to the very best level we can. 
Did we fund every last dime requested? No. Not every idea has merit, and not every project is mission critical. We did not fund some projects. We cut some requested increases, and we rescinded funds. These were fair decisions and part of our responsibility as appropriators. 
for the actions we have taken very recently. It started with an email campaign from the VA legislative affairs office; then a Statement of Administration Policy; and last, some of the VSOs have joined in. Let me tell you, in my time, before I was chairman of 
the subcommittee, and certainly in my time since I took over this position, I can say with absolute certainty, the VA’s problems stem from poor management, not too little money. Poor management, not too little money. I will say that again. The problems we encounter at the VA time after time— whether it is the Phoenix patient wait list scandal, the claims and benefits mess in Philadelphia, or the Denver hospital construction debacle—show 
that the VA’s problem is management, not money, and for the VA to complain about a 6 percent increase rather than an 8 percent increase and to call a 6 percent increase a cut—they call that a cut. 
Only in Washington, D.C., can someone call a 6 percent increase over last year a cut. Everywhere else in America it is a 6 percent increase, but not in this town. Amazing to me, and particularly from a Department that has so many severe managerial problems at this time. We need to be diligent with oversight and at the same time be a helping hand to the Department. There is a way out of the morass, but more money without the necessary management reforms is not the answer. 
about the VA, and just last night in the Committee on Rules, I got quite an earful there. Truly, Members are in agreement that we must help the VA transform because that transformation is crucial to serve veterans properly and to respect the taxpayers footing the bill. By the way, that frustration I have heard from Members is from both sides of the aisle, as was the case I heard last night in the Committee on Rules. 
We will do a lot of good with this bill. 
It is fair, it is balanced, and, at a 6 percent increase over last year, it is generous. On behalf of our servicemembers, military families, and veterans, I urge your support of this legislation. Let’s take care of those who sacrifice for our country. It is time to do the right thing and support the bill. 
Insert offset folio 408/1 here EH29AP15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEonstruc 1on, 
Insert offset folio 408/2 here EH29AP15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, FY 2016 (H.R. 2029) 
Insert offset folio 408/3 here EH29AP15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, FY 2016 (H.R 2029) 
Board of Veterans Appeals .. '' .. ' ....... 
Information technology systems .. . '. ' .... '' 
Insert offset folio 408/4 here EH29AP15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMilitary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. FY 2016 (H.R. 2029) 
Military Construction. Navy and Marine Corps. , , , . 
Military Construction, DefenseWide .. . ' . ' ' ' . ' ' . . ' . 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
delighted to have the opportunity to work with Chairman DENTof the subcommittee as well as the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. 
has a strong reputation for common ground and bipartisanship. We are pleased with several aspects of the bill. For example, the bill maintains tough but fair reporting requirements for VistA modernization, which closely tracks the VA’s development of its electronic health record. 
elimination of the veterans claims backlog by fully funding the fiscal year 2016 requests: $18.3 million for a centralized mail initiative which consolidates inbound paper mail from regional offices to a centralized intake site, as well as $140.8 million for the Veterans Claims Intake Program to scan and convert paper claims into a digital format. I believe that these are all positive steps to making the VA function better. 
avoided including contentious legislative riders, which is very much appreciated. Unfortunately, however, the chairman was forced to write a bill under the majority’s fiscal year 2016 budget resolution, which chose to lock in the Budget Control Act levels and to use gimmicks to boost defense funding. Because of the budget resolution’s failure to provide relief from these budget caps—which were established in 2011 and later adjusted in 2013—the chairman was forced to make some tough choices due to the allocation that he was given. 
While military construction is provided $7.2 billion, an increase of $593 million above 2015, it is still $1.2 billion below the budget request. In an effort to avoid the defense budget cap, the bill shifts $532 million to the overseas contingency operations funding stream, even though the fiscal year 2016 budget request did not include an OCO request. This is a gimmick, purely a gimmick to boost defense spending by pumping up the OCO budget, which is not limited by the budget law. 
is funded at $68.7 billion, and while it is $3.6 billion above fiscal year 2015, the enacted level, it is also $1.4 billion below the fiscal year 2016 budget request. The inadequate fiscal year 2016 allocation again forced the chairman to slice the request for military construction by $582 billion. That is hospital construction. 
Furthermore, the bill includes language that directs that only replacement, safety, and security projects can receive budgeted funding. This is troubling language, and it eliminates all national cemetery projects for fiscal year 2016 and puts several other projects in jeopardy. 
the construction account because the halfbuilt Veterans Affairs Denver hospital project is drastically over budget and riddled with mistakes. 
to be held accountable for the poor job in managing the Denver hospital project; however, no funds for the Denver hospital were allocated within the MILCONVA bill. 
similar issues with any of the other requested projects in the bill for FY12, including replacement, clinic construction, seismic improvements, or cemetery construction. 
and resulting inadequate allocation— not the problems in Denver—led to cutting construction in half. I am concerned that, if the reduction stands, it will further contribute to the gaps in access, utilization, and safety that were already identified in the VA’s annual Strategic Capital Investment program process. 
longer afford to function under the Budget Control Act caps. The reductions to VA will cause gaps in access, utilization, and safety and could lower the standard of care due our veterans. 
during the MILCONVA markup, the FY 2017 advance funding will consume $4.6 billion of the nondefense discretionary cap next year, so this problem will only get worse. Certainly, the Department of Defense cannot be the only winner. 
produce a long summer and an early fall, with no real progress on the FY 2016 bills. If so, it is inevitable that a continuing resolution or a series of continuing resolutions will be needed to keep the government open and running in place long past the new fiscal year starts on October 1. 
fashion. I believe that it is well past time to be strategic about how we handle our Federal budget, and now, we need to take the next step toward a more responsible budget process so we can eventually stop lurching from one crisis to the next. 
the best bill he could with the allocation he was given. I also believe that this is the first step in a long process, and I am concerned about the impact these reductions to the VA construction account could have, and we believe they will have to be addressed before the process. 
an amendment to the bill restoring the full funding of the request so that we can, in fact, do justice by our veterans and do what is necessary for our military construction without using budget gimmicks. At the appropriate time, I will offer an amendment to do that. 
Madam Chairman, at this time, I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS), the full committee chairman, and 
I want to thank him for all his support and leadership in putting this bill together. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, thank you for yielding time. 
this bill, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill for 2016. In doing that, I want to congratulate Chairman DENT, the new chairman of this subcommittee. This is his maiden voyage as chairman of this subcommittee. He is a cardinal now. He has done a great job putting together this bill. 
I also want to thank Mr. BISHOP , the 
ranking member on the other side, for his cooperation in making this bill what it is today. 
and I am pleased that we are off to a very early start—I am told the earliest start since 1974—continuing our good work from last year. I am optimistic that we are going to have a successful appropriations year, finishing on time and under regular order. 
right foot with a bipartisan bill, Madam Chairman, that I believe we can all get behind. The FY 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill includes, as has been said, $76.6 billion in discretionary funding for important veterans benefits and services and for the infrastructure that supports the brave men and women serving in our Armed Forces and their families. 
This is a total of $4.6 billion over last 
year. No one can call this a cut and be realistic about it. We have increased the funding by $4.6 billion yeartoyear. We can’t say that for all the other bills. Yes, we went overboard with what we had to work with in providing funds for the veterans and for military construction. That is a demonstration of our commitment to our warfighters and to our veterans and their loved ones, who sacrifice so much to protect this great Nation. 
$7.7 billion for the DOD’s construction projects in the U.S. and around the world, which provide our servicemembers with the infrastructure they need to remain at the ready. 
of $68.7 billion in discretionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is a 5.6 percent increase over last year to guarantee the VA has the resources they need to care for every single qualified veteran, including meeting growing healthcare needs. 
funded at $3.8 billion above the current level. That will treat 6.9 million eligible patients, providing mental health care, helping prevent suicide, and supporting research into prosthetics and traumatic brain injuries, among numerous other health initiatives. However, it is critical that we make sure the VA is being responsible with these taxpayer dollars. 
It is clear that the VA is facing some 
that will hold the Department accountable for its mistakes and takes the necessary steps to address and correct these problems. 
eye on how the VA is spending its construction dollars by requiring reports on construction costs, savings, and changes in scope. 
Chair, at this time, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the full committee ranking 
begin, I would like to thank Subcommittee Chairman DENTand Ranking Member B ISHOP , who worked so 
for less’’ budget resolution was opposed by every Member on my side of the aisle, in part because it makes it impossible to provide the funding necessary in the 12 appropriations bills to grow our economy and give hardworking Americans the opportunity to succeed. 
taken by the President, calling for an end to sequestration and more reasonable and realistic budgeting that can help families afford college, a home, and a secure retirement. 
allocation for discretionary investments has a significant impact on the initiatives in all the appropriation bills that grow the economy and create jobs. 
false choice. The VA needs more resources in 2016 than 2015 to sustain its level of services for the brave men and women it serves. The majority invests a disproportionate share of the allocation’s nondefense funds in the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill; yet it still falls far short of meeting VA’s actual needs. 
The equivalent of 70,000 fewer veterans would receive medical care under this bill, compared to the President’s request. In addition, it further reduces funds available for priorities in the other spending bills for transportation infrastructure, job training, higher education, biomedical research, and clean energy, just as an example. All these initiatives are key to economic growth and creating opportunity for hardworking Americans, especially veterans. 
bill would be shifted to overseas contingency operations in a gimmick to boost defense spending. 
Construction and Veterans Affairs bill would have a profound impact on military families and veterans, forcing a $2.7 billion cut below what the President says is necessary, including $754 million less for military construction, $155 million less for medical services, $70 million less for medical support and 
compliance, $105 million less for medical facilities, and $582 million less for VA construction projects. 
have sacrificed for our country, are unacceptable. Not everything requested by the President is sacrosanct, and Congress has a duty—it is an important part of our responsibility—to evaluate each and every line item in a budget proposal. Such an assessment of this bill makes clear that many accounts are clearly underfunded. 
there are some positive aspects, including reporting requirements for electronic health records and prioritizing the elimination of the veterans claims backlog. 
It is imperative that, as the bill progresses toward enactment, improvements are made and that, as the entire appropriations process continues, we reach an agreement that will ensure these bills invest in our hardworking families’ economic security. 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY), who 
has been a tireless advocate for the needs of the veterans in her community in Alabama. 
Mrs. ROBY. First, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work on this bill, and I thank the chairman for yielding. 
for this opportunity to stand here today in support of H.R. 2029, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
needed funding for both our veterans programs and military projects, while staying within the strict limits of our Housepassed budget resolution. 
is funding that we were able to secure in this bill for the folks in Alabama, right at home, including new school construction both at Fort Rucker, the home of Army aviation excellence, and $33 million for new school construction at Maxwell Air Force Base, muchneeded dollars for our military families at this post and this base, and also funding for a new squadron operations facility at Dannelly Field. 
our critical military functions in Alabama. Anybody who has been on post at Rucker or at the base at Maxwell knows that these schools are in disrepair and are in need of replacing. 
onbase facilities, and these projects are going to go a long way to help improve their quality of life right there in Alabama. 
struck with—and everyone else in this institution—when I woke up this morning, Madam Chair. I was extremely disappointed, alongside my colleagues, to see that the President, yet again, has threatened to veto this bill. This bill provides critical, much 
needed funding for our military families and our veterans, and the President should not play around with that. 
failed our veterans miserably. And only in Washington, D.C., when you see an increase of $3.6 billion for our VA to provide these critical needs for our men and women who have worn the uniform and put their lives on the line for the freedom and liberty that allow us to stand in this room today, only in Washington, D.C., will a $3.6 billion increase on behalf of our veterans be called a cut. 
You know why, Madam Chair? It is being called a cut because it is 
the only way to shift the blame away from this administration’s failure to 
our veterans back to the Republican led House. It is clearly politics that is driving us, and I am asking, Madam Chair, that the President seriously rethink his position. 
The administration needs to take responsibility, and they are trying, once again, to point fingers at leadership in this House that is doing all that we can to ensure that our veterans get timely care and the best care that we can provide them. This is cynical, and it is shameful, and I believe—I believe—that the American people can see straight through it. 
the President will reconsider this position because there is no place—no place—here in this bill for political gamesmanship when it comes to our military families and our veterans. 
Chair, at this time I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), a member of the Subcommittee 
thank the ranking member for yielding, for his unwavering leadership for our veterans on this committee, and for your friendship. Thank you very much, Mr. BISHOP . 
really for working very hard in a bipartisan way on a variety of issues facing our veterans, including empowering our vets in their transition back to civilian life and ensuring adequate and accessible access to care. 
As the daughter of a veteran, I understand the enormous sacrifices that our servicemembers and their families make to serve our Nation, so this subcommittee is extremely important. 
and chair for working with me and my colleagues on the subcommittee to include important report language on the backlog at the Oakland VA regional office, which is, of course, one of the worst in the Nation. 
today, for her leadership on the committee in shedding some light also on 
Oakland office not only has to provide Congress with accurate information on what has happened with these backlogged claims, but it will require the Veterans Benefits Administration to outline the lessons learned and what the new protocols are to ensure that no veteran faces delays in accessing care. 
Yet, of course, insufficient allocations in this bill leave much work to be done. The 2016 MILCONVA approps bill includes a $582 million cut from the major construction account. Now, that is half of the President’s request of $1.1 billion. 
Simply put, the level of funds allocated in this bill is totally insufficient and, yes, it undermines the responsibility we have to provide our veterans with the best and most innovative care. As a result, the construction of vital medical facilities that will serve our veterans will be delayed. This includes the initial phase of construction for the stateoftheart Alameda Point outpatient clinic in my own congressional district, which serves thousands of veterans in the northern California area. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you very much. I just want to thank the ranking 
member and the chair for continuing to work with me to ensure that the limitation language in the report with regard to major construction funds for the VA does not preclude clinics like, for example, the Alameda Point outpatient clinic. 
and restoring funding to the President’s request level for major construction is really vital to ensuring that our Nation keeps the promise that we have made to our brave veterans to give them access to the best care. 
what these cuts will do with our veterans. We can’t afford to allow this dangerous and harmful impact of sequestration now to be locked in by these allocations before us today. These dismal numbers, they directly affect our veterans’ access to care that they need and that they have earned. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) for a colloquy. 
Member of this body recognizes the special obligation this House has to take care of our veterans. We also have an obligation to ensure that the funds we entrust to the Department of Veterans Affairs are actually properly spent. 
Aurora Hospital in Denver has rightly earned the outrage of both this body and the American public. The $930 million in cost overruns in Denver will have to be paid for by taking funds that could otherwise have accelerated critical access projects across the country or assisted the Department as it attempts to tackle the backlog in claims at the Veterans Benefits Administration. 
complete failure of project management of the Denver hospital is negatively impacting veterans in my district. They have already suffered from a lack of access to care. 
what the committee intends with the major construction funding appropriated under this bill. The Committee report includes language requiring the funding provided for major construction to be used for new hospital construction and seismic corrections. 
request is the Livermore Realignment and Closure project. This project would utilize FY 2016 funding to provide for the complete construction of a new medical facility at French Camp in the Central Valley. The facility would provide direct medical care to more than 87,000 veterans in its service area and dramatically reduce the nearly 6hour commute faced by veterans in my district for even routine health care. 
Madam Chairman, does the Livermore Realignment and Closure project, a project that was authorized more than a decade ago by this Congress, meet the criteria for funding set by the committee in the report accompanying this appropriations bill? 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DENHAM. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
gentleman from California for offering this opportunity to clarify the meaning 
of our report language. I do share your concern about the mismanagement of construction projects by the VA. It is delaying vital projects such as Livermore. 
the priority for funding hospital construction and seismic corrections. 
Within the funds provided in the bill, unallocated major construction funding remains available, and the VA has the ability to allocate those funds towards French Camp as well as other projects in the budget request. The report instructs the VA to make that determination and provide a list of projects to this committee. 
other Members, including the gentlelady, Ms. LEE, who just spoke a few 
moments ago, who have projects included in this request, such as Alameda Clinic and a rehabilitative therapy clinic in St. Louis, which the administration could also choose to fund. 
opportunity to provide some clarity. I hope that is helpful. But nothing precludes funding. 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), who 
is the ranking member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a strong supporter of our veterans. 
and Members of the House, I rise in strong opposition to the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. 
new Choice Act program, this Republican budget takes two steps back with its cuts to veterans health care, just another example of Republicans talking the talk but not walking the walk. But don’t take my word for it. If you ask the veterans service organizations who represent the interests of veterans, every one of them is opposing this bill. 
The national commanders of the Veterans of Foreign Wars said the following about the Republican Veterans bill: 
proper funding, but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to ration care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the programs and services that the VA was created to provide. This is a bad bill for veterans, and anyone that votes for it should really take a second look. 
I often say, if you are not in the room, you are on the menu, and I am sure that veterans never thought that Republicans would put them on the menu. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I just want to respond to the gentlewoman from Florida’s comments. 
saying that we cut spending in this bill. The President requested an 8 percent increase. We provided for a 6 percent increase. 
makes a request does not mean that Congress has to behave like potted plants and simply accede to every item that the President has asked for. That is not our role as Members of Congress. 
Our job is to provide some real serious oversight over a department that has failed in many respects. And Members on both sides of the aisle agree with that, given the problems of Denver, Phoenix, Philadelphia, Oakland, and elsewhere. I can go through a long list. 
But some of the oversight mechanisms in this bill, I should mention, include things like requiring a spending plan before construction dollars can be spent. We did that because of what has happened all across the country. 
construction projects. We prohibit transfer of funds between construction projects. We fence 75 percent of funding until conditions are met, cut funding for poorly performing offices, require detailed quarterly reports regarding disability compensation claims. We have tightened restrictions on reprogramming. We have also rescinded 
that is pay and bonuses, limiting the amount of money available for pay increases and bonuses. 
Should we reward failure at the VA? I mean, there are management problems at the VA. It is not simply about money. We all know this. And given you can open up a newspaper every day, just 2 weeks ago in the city of Philadelphia, at the regional office there, a scathing inspector general’s report about the failures, and to simply reward that would be unconscionable on our part. 
is: Will you admit that this budget will deny 70,000 veterans from receiving health care? 
will tell you that this budget adequately meets—more than adequately meets—the needs of our servicemembers and our veterans and their families. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, again, just 
urging all Members to support this important legislation. It is the right thing to do. We have no further speakers at this time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The Chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the CONGRESSIONAL  
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $663,245,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of this 
amount, not to exceed $109,245,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
Page 2, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1) (increased by $1)’’. 
Page 27, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $154,643,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $105,132,000)’’. 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $95,000,000)’’. 
Strike section 233. Strike section 238. Strike section 240. Strike section 241. 
reading). Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Madam Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, the amendment that I am offering should be supported by every Member of this House. Very simply, it would restore the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs funding bill to the full amount requested by the administration and to the full amount deemed necessary by the affected agencies. 
Wars, one of the largest veterans service organizations in the United States, 
put out a letter calling this year’s MILCONVA bill ‘‘bad for veterans.’’ They oppose the bill. 
which consists of the AMVETS, the Disabled American Veterans, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, and Veterans of Foreign Wars, expressed serious concerns with this bill. The Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America also expressed their serious concerns with this bill. In their letter, they called on Congress to provide the entire $1.5 billion that was cut from the budget request for the VA, which this House should do immediately. 
muchneeded investments in veterans health care will be shortchanged, and important services will be compromised. 
it difficult to add money to a spending bill’s allocation, but I sincerely hope that we don’t hide behind that as an excuse. 
behalf of our Nation’s veterans. We have the power to do it. We need to pass a law to change the law which limits us and puts this cap on what we can do to take care of our veterans and our military construction. This amendment addresses that, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and to demonstrate to the veteran community that the message has been received. 
in strong support of this amendment, which increases funding for all the VA programs that the Republicans cut in this year’s Mil ConVA Appropriations bill. 
country safe and to ensure the blessings of liberty that we enjoy. And after their service in the military ends, many are in desperate need of quality health care to make a healthy transition to civilian life. 
As Members of Congress, it is our job to 
make sure that the men and women who fought for our freedom have access to high quality, comprehensive health care services. One of our first obligations to meeting this demand is ensuring that the Department of Veteran’s Affairs (VA) has the resources it needs to provide topnotch care to our veterans. Just a few months ago, President Barack Obama proposed a budget for 2016 which will help to meet the needs of the VA by providing $70.2 billion in discretionary funding for VA, a 7.5 percent increase from 2015. This proposed budget would also provide $3.2 billion in estimated medical care collections and $95.3 billion for VA’s mandatory benefit programs. 
H.R. 2029, the House MilCon, VA and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee’s proposal cuts $1.4 billion from the President’s budget request. This is simply a desperate attempt to balance our nation’s budget on the backs of our veterans, and it is not acceptable. 
and now is the time we need to fight for them. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle to stand with me and the millions of our 
to appropriately fund the VA and provide services to our veterans that they earned from their years of service. 
the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States said the U.S. House of Representatives is set to penalize disabled veterans this week if it votes to reduce the Department of Veterans Affairs budget request by more than $1.5 billion. 
‘‘The nationwide crisis in care and confidence that erupted in the VA last year was caused in many ways by a lack of adequate resourcing that only Congress is authorized to provide,’’ said John W. Stroud, who leads the 1.9 millionmember VFW and its Auxiliaries. ‘‘That’s why the VFW is demanding that the House amend this bill to appropriate a funding level that fully funds VA.’’ 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill makes acrosstheboard cuts to all VA discretionary accounts, and drastically underfunds medical care, major construction and Information Technology accounts. Stroud said acrosstheboard cuts to discretionary spending is what Congress created back in 2011, but by another name, sequestration. Now the House wants to impose its own sequester on a federal department whose sole mission is to care for wounded, ill and injured veterans. 
proper funding, but the House for whatever reason now wants to ration care, eliminate infrastructure projects, and stop improving upon the programs and services that the VA was created to provide,’’ said the VFW national commander. ‘‘This bill is bad for veterans and any vote for it is unconscionable, which is why we want veterans and advocates everywhere to get involved by urging their elected officials to fully fund the VA.’’ 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , 
LEADER : On behalf of the 400,000 members of 
Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), we write to express concern over the House Committee on Appropriations’ April 22, 2015 markup and vote on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) appropriations bill for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. 
Over the expressed objections of the administration, the committee reduced the president’s FY 2016 VA budget request by more than $1.4 billion. If allowed, this cut could hamper the services ten of thousands of veterans receive, and impact VA’s ability to activate new and replacement facilities with sufficient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastructure. 
above all, realistic in asking for full funding of the president’s FY 2016 VA request. Reform of the VA, its facilities and its infrastructure are monumental tasks. Unfortunately these challenges become almost unobtainable with a reduction in funding outlined in the House’s mark. 
strides have been made to address the needs of our nation’s veterans. Passage of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (SAV) Act was a huge bipartisan victory in the House and Senate. It showed the 
American people what is possible if we work together. 
In that same vein, we ask that you again 
work in a bipartisan manner and request the House, in making its final adjustments or as a part of a conference on this legislation, to find the means to fund the VA’s realistic request so that the institution can meet its congressional mandate next year. To that end, we ask the leadership of the House to restore VA’s overall funding at least to the level recommended by the administration in its FY 2016 budget. 
Independent Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, we write to express our concerns about the results of the Committee on Appropriations’ 
April 22, 2015 markup and vote on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) appropriations bill for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. 
Over the expressed objections of the Administration, the Committee made a rushed determination to reduce the President’s FY 2016 VA Medical Care request by over $600 million. This reduction is equivalent to the cost of providing care for tens of thousands of veterans next year. If enacted, the bill would harm these services and others, including reducing VA’s ability to activate new and replacement facilities with sufficient staff and equipment and to adequately maintain facility infrastructure. 
In the separate capital infrastructure accounts (for major and minor projects as well as for state veterans home construction grants), the Committee reduced the Administration’s request by $582 million. We are deeply concerned that VA will not receive enough resources to enable the system to properly maintain its existing health care facilities, nor to build any new ones. Despite the VA’s well publicized deficits in addressing the overdue and overbudget medical center construction project in Denver, dozens of other VA centers are much older and in poorer condition than the Colorado facility that is being replaced, but no funds would be made available in the FY 2016 appropriation to begin these priority projects. Also, lack of maintenance, repairs, and improvements in existing VA facilities now carrying backlogged projects costing billions of dollars would be much more expensive in future years due to funding inadequacies brought about by this bill. The Congress should note that over the past decade, Congress has funded VA infrastructure needs at a level that was $7.9 billion less than what we collectively recommended in Independent Budgets over that period. 
In the long run, Congress will be forced to 
appropriate much larger sums to enable VA to catch up to the deficits being created by this bill. In a related vein, please see VA’s letter to the Speaker and President of the Senate, dated April 14, 2015, requesting several high priority construction authorizations and supportive appropriations, and the expenditure of unobligated balances from section 801 of Public Law 113–146, to be used to complete the construction of the Denver facility, and for other purposes that we strongly support. Strangling the VA’s appropriated accounts 
for infrastructure, but refusing to allow any flexibility in the use of funds already provided by Congress in prior acts, places VA in double jeopardy. It means VA simply cannot build, and cannot expand—even when funds are available and could be used. This barrier penalizes and denies care in some way to every veteran who relies on VA. As VA Secretary McDonald said last week, this situation will ‘‘harm veterans.’’ We agree. 
On the topic of VA’s Medical and Prosthetic Research program, we appreciate the Committee’s approval of an amendment to match the Administration’s request of $622 million for FY 2016. Without these new funds, VA clinicianscientists would have needed to significantly reduce recruitment and analysis in the Million Veteran Program, delaying the benefits of precision medicine to veterans. Also, these funds will be used for completion of genetic studies on functional disability in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder; to initiate studies aimed at finding the root cause of a known genetic susceptibility to posttraumatic stress disorder; and, to conduct new studies aimed at predicting susceptibility to opioid abuse. Despite this good news, as advocates we are concerned that these funds were shifted in an 
unprecedented manner from the VA information technology (IT) account—an appropriation that was already reduced $80 million from the President’s requested level during the Committee’s consideration. Also, holding VA accountable for making significant progress in developing the next generation of electronic health records in coordination with the Department of Defense, while suppressing the IT funding to make that very progress possible, is deeply troubling. 
in the bill’s administrative provisions, the Appropriations Committee would further reduce VA funding, even when it appears that the bill would be providing higher levels at the top line. For example, if this administrative language is adopted by Congress, VA will find itself in the odd position come January 2016 of needing to decide (in the Committee’s words, ‘‘if it chooses to do so’’) whether over 300,000 VA employees will be due a comparability increase, without any funding appropriated for it. We know of no statute that makes federal employee comparability increases discretionary once the President announces the comparability rate. In the research program, for example, the appropriation would be reduced by a rescission of over $3 million even while the Committee voted to approve an amendment to restore the account to the Administration’s full requested level. Other administrative provisions have similar effects, all deleterious to any VA flexibility in funding its many requirements in FY 2016. In fact the total rescissions from these administrative provisions would be more than $400 million, with nearly $200 million directed at the Medical Services account atop the $600 million discussed above. 
in VA history, given the events of the past year. Suffocating the system now with a dearth of funding (well over $1 billion less than requested by the Administration), and restricting or rescinding the use of available funds—even those to be appropriated in this bill—while demanding reforms, only proves to make VA’s intended and ongoing efforts more challenging. 
House, in making its final adjustments, or as a part of a conference on this legislation, to find the means to sufficiently fund these crucial VA accounts so that the institution can meet its Congressional mandate next year. To that end, we ask the Leadership of the 
least to the level recommended by the Administration in its FY 2016 budget, although even that level is almost $1.4 billion below our joint recommendations in the Independent Budget for next year. 
Marines into live combat in hostile territory, we do not skimp on their training, weapons, or ammunition for the fight. Now that these veterans are home, we should do no less. 
make up our memberships, we will appreciate the House Leadership and Members taking into account our concerns about funding levels needed by the VA in FY 2016, and acting to fully fund the VA system. 
a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
‘‘It is not in order to strike out or 
otherwise amend portions of a bill not yet read for amendment.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member 
wish to be heard on the point of order? 
New York is recognized to be heard on the point of order. 
the resources that the President requested and veterans earned. The National Commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars has demanded that ‘‘the House amend the bill to appropriate a funding level that fully funds the VA.’’ The gentleman from Georgia’s (Mr. BISHOP ) amendment does just that. 
‘‘drastically underfunds medical care, major construction, and information technology accounts. . . . The VA cannot fulfill its mission without proper funding; but the House, for whatever reason, now wants to’’——— 
Mrs. LOWEY. Yes. I just want to emphasize that the 
VFW strongly supports the amendment for the reasons that I suggested. The CHAIR. Does any other Member 
wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. To be considered en bloc pursuant to 
The point of order is sustained. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I move to appeal the ruling of the Chair. 
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee? 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 237, noes 180, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Messrs. HURT of Virginia, MEADOWS, and LABRADOR changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, $1,349,678,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of 
this amount, not to exceed $91,649,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,237,055,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of this amount, not to exceed 
$89,164,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently authorized by law, $1,931,456,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That 
such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further , That of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $160,404,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further , That 
none of the funds made available by this title may be used to construct any fiscal year 2016 special operations command military construction projects until the Commander of the Special Operations Command has certified in writing and submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both 
Houses of Congress a report that includes the following: 
Forcespeculiar’’ as it applies to the use of United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) funding to meet military construction requirements for facilities that provide healthcare services or support fitness activities. 
process used to determine whether a military construction project that provides healthcare facilities or supports fitness activities should be funded by the USSOCOM or the military departments. 
amount ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)(increased by $30,000,000)’’ and insert on line 23, after the dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would like to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT) and his 
staff for allowing this important discussion of an east coast missile defense site, as well as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ) for his continued efforts and support. 
provide for the planning, design, and construction of an additional missile defense site. Simply put, missile defense shields our Nation from hostile incoming warheads. And with the escalation of threats of rogue nations like North Korea and Iran, the United States must be ready not just to retaliate, but to actually stop an attack. We must be able to defend our Nation and shoot it down. North Korea does, indeed, have a nuclear weapons capability and is a real concern, given their unstable and erratic behavior. Iran has clearly demonstrated key technologies required for ICBM development. 
This is about maintaining our Nation’s readiness, and an east coast missile defense site provides increased battle space, more decision time, increased reliability, more inventory, and a different angle of intercept. 
site would give him an increased battle space and increased opportunity for him to engage threats from either Iran or North Korea. An east coast missile defense site would increase our Nation’s defense capability against those very real threats. Madam Chair, this amendment provides for the security and protection that our Nation needs. 
for this amendment providing funding for the planning, design, and construction of an additional missile defense site capable of protecting the homeland from a longrange ballistic missile attack. 
well aware, we currently possess only two sites, both located on the west coast, limiting our ability to target and intercept incoming ICBMs either that are targeting the east coast or that are originating from the east. 
States Northern Command in charge of defending the homeland recommended the construction of the east coast site. One thing that we know: under President Obama’s plan for missile defense, he canceled President Bush’s third site that was to be located in Poland and provide ICBM coverage for the east coast of the United States continental. He then canceled phase 4 of his own phase adaptive approach that would have similarly provided that coverage. 
left with those two options gone is to look to the east coast site. Two Presidents and three Secretaries of Defense have all recognized the advantages of an additional missile coast defense site in order to provide further protection against longrange ballistic missile threats from regions such as the Middle East. 
Korea push for more advanced launch vehicles, the construction of an east coast site will dramatically improve the ability of our military to intercept incoming threats by increasing the opportunity to engage and defeat those threats. 
I urge support for this amendment. Mr. DENT. Will the gentlewoman 
Ms. STEFANIK. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
With advantages in launch capabilities, we should explore protecting the east coast from our adversaries, as Mr. TURNER and Ms. S TEFANIK have stated. 
She has been very articulate and a great advocate for her district in Fort Drum. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, as the designee of the ranking member, I move to strike the last word. 
on what the committee intends with the major construction account funding in this bill. 
language that the funding provided for major construction be used for hospital construction and seismic corrections. One of the projects in the request is the Alameda Clinic. This clinic would provide direct medical care to veterans in my district. 
Clinic project meet the criteria for funding set by the committee in the report accompanying this bill? 
Mr. DENT. It does, yes. Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentleman for this clarification, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $167,437,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $20,337,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $138,738,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount appropriated, not 
to exceed $5,104,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $104,295,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $9,318,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $36,078,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount appropriated, 
not to exceed $2,208,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $65,021,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , That of the amount 
appropriated, not to exceed $13,400,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. 
For the United States share of the cost of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program for the acquisition and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Army for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $99,695,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $393,511,000. 
Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $16,541,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $353,036,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  
Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $160,498,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $331,232,000. 
For expenses of family housing for the activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for operation and maintenance, leasing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $58,668,000. 
in this title shall be expended for payments under a costplusafixedfee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. 
for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. 
for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. 
in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. 
in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
in this title may be used for the procurement 
of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. 
Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. 
in this title may be used to initiate a new installation overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. 
in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided , That this section 
shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States contractor exceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further , That this section 
shall not apply to contract awards for military construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese contractor. 
authority in this provision shall also be applicable to amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts in section 2002 of Public Law 112–10. 
than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any general or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an afterthefact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission. 
for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. 
that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and 
which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. 
apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. 
in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. 
the global war on terrorism or as an emergency requirement), $52,600,000 are hereby rescinded. 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
by this title may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, and, unless and until the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, based on operational requirements, Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex, none of the funds made available by this title may be used to construct phase two of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex Consolidation at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom. 
an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000 is provided for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code. 
to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjustedservice credits and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $166,271,436,000, to remain available until expended, of which $87,146,761,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That not to exceed 
$15,562,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2016 and $16,021,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2017 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ for necessary expenses in implementing the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropriation: Provided further , That such sums as 
may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. 
For the payment of readjustment and rehabilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $32,088,826,000, to remain available until expended, of which $16,743,904,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016: Provided , That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the 
service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, servicedisabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $169,080,000, to remain available until expended, of which $91,920,000 shall become available on October 1, 2016. 
loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such 
costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided 
the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. 
carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $164,558,000. 
For the cost of direct loans, $31,000, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided , That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this 
heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,952,000. 
necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $367,000, which may be paid to the appropriation for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,134,000. 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facilities to enrolled veterans with privately written prescriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further , 
That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Page 27, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,031,000)’’. 
the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment which seeks to provide additional resources for the mental health services for our Nation’s veterans. 
budget justification for FY16 requests an increase of $3,231,000 over the enacted fiscal year ’15 levels for its Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, but on the very next page of that document, the VA only mentions that it needs ‘‘$1.2 million to address increased congressional and legislative workload.’’ 
remaining $2,031,000 unaccounted for from this request and prioritizes it to address the ongoing problems our veterans face from returning from combat. 
traumatic stress disorder have been consistently contributing to behavioral issues with our veterans, and, all too often, these ongoing mental health issues result in suicide. With an average of 18 to 20 veteran suicides per day, more resources are desperately needed. The Congressional Budget Office says the amendment would have no impact on the budget authority or outlays. 
hire more paper pushers to send letters to Capitol Hill to attempt to explain its inappropriate actions. Instead, let’s 
the VA was created to serve, and let’s help improve the mental health of our Nation’s heroes. 
commonsense amendment. I thank Chairman DENT and Ranking Member 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,524,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services, $5,074,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2016, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 
of title 38, United States Code, $621,813,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
weeks ago, the VA Office of the Inspector General released its report on the gross mismanagement and claims manipulation that has long corroded the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. The issues revealed through that report reflect some of the worst instances of neglect and lack of accountability I have seen. These issues are unacceptable for our Nation’s veterans. I have personally seen the consequences firsthand through my constituency served by the Philadelphia VA. 
address the issues raised by the inspector general and help to ensure that they will not be repeated at any VA facility. I remain steadfast in my work to bring accountability and reform to the VA. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN). 
gentleman, and I want to thank him for his hard work on this bill. 
Pennsylvania has put together a fiscally responsible piece of legislation that will support the U.S. military, the military families, and the veterans who have served our country. 
that have taken place with other colleagues, particularly with those from Pennsylvania, when red tape and mismanagement stand between a veteran and his or her care, we all have a responsibility to blow the whistle and to call for appropriate reforms. 
Affairs released a report 2 weeks ago on the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional Office, as my colleague identified, and the report was even more scathing than we were led to believe it would be. It confirmed our worst fears—that the Philadelphia VA Regional Office is rife with systematic mismanagement, poor morale, the deliberate manipulation of data, and individuals who are more focused on misleading the Nation than on serving our veterans. 
I would like to thank Chairman MILLER on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for convening a hearing on these reports just last week in order to explore these matters in greater detail. Out of those hearings, we learned that the VA isn’t planning on holding anyone responsible until after the completion of yet another report. This may be the nature of the process, but it is deeply troubling. 
loop of bureaucratic reviews and inquires—it is competent management that is needed, management that will 
hold the employees and the other management accountable. While we wait for the next report, with this bill, Congress has an opportunity to take reform action with VA H.R. 2029, which will give the VA employees the tools they need to expedite the veterans benefits and care process. 
One of the findings from the IG report that stuck out at me was that, in Philadelphia, the average response time for some 31,000 inquiries was 312 days. According to policy, that response should have happened within 5 days. I asked the Director of the VA: What do you tell the veterans? He had no answer. That response time is completely unacceptable. The funding in this bill will provide additional staff to expedite the processing of these claims and get those veterans the benefits they deserve. 
Again, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT) 
for his hard work on this bill. I look forward to continuing to work with him, as well as with other colleagues, to bring about the important reforms that are needed at the Philadelphia benefits office. 
from Pennsylvania for his dedication and determination to right the situation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Chester County, Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Chairman, I rise today regarding Congressman DENT’s fiscally responsible 
appropriations legislation and the positive impact it will have on the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. 
the gentleman from Chester County, Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), who has 
been deeply concerned about this issue of the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional Office. 
Chairman, I rise today regarding Congressman DENT’s fiscally responsible 
appropriations legislation and the positive impact it will have on the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. 
has been plagued with a dysfunctional and toxic work environment, with management purposefully and blatantly displaying managerial wrongdoing. Mr. Chairman, it is our duty to right these wrongdoings and to ensure that the best care is provided to our veterans. This appropriations bill is a great start, and it gives Congress the opportunity to act on behalf of our veterans. Let’s talk about this appropriations bill and the specifics of it. 
of a veteran’s filed claim. It fully funds the Veterans Benefits Administration with an additional $163 million to allow for more staffing for the processing of appeals claims. We have already heard about the backlog of the claims. This seeks to address that. It allocates funding for IT to permit the electronic modernization of appeals claims, and it allocates full funding for digital scanning and centralized mail. Lastly, this bill establishes strike force response teams to bring in experienced managers to implement corrective actions at struggling and lowperforming VA facilities, like the Philadelphia VA. 
at the Philadelphia VA RO, and I am fully committed to ensuring that there is a course correction of the wrongdoings there and that we effectively and expeditiously resolve the problems. I encourage my colleagues to do the same and support this bill. 
on this bill. I look forward to continuing to work with you and with your respective committees to provide the best for the veterans in our Commonwealth and across the Nation. 
Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $266,220,000, of which not to exceed $26,600,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Departmentwide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $336,659,000, of which not to exceed $10,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $27,213,000)’’. Page 32, lines 5 and 9, after each dollar 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
hard work on this year’s military construction and Veterans Affairs funding bill. I know that both of you had to make difficult decisions to get under the current financial constraints. 
billion in funding for VA major construction projects. Unfortunately, this bill only includes $561 million, which is $582 million less than the request. This severely impacts access to care for veterans. 
major construction by $177 million, although I would still prefer to restore full funding for major construction with the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request. The amendment is offset by reductions to the VA administration IT accounts, bringing them in line with the fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. In addition, the general operating expenses account would be reduced by $27 million. 
that more VA construction projects are funded, including the outpatient clinic and national cemetery in Alameda, California, and a 187,000squarefoot communitybased outpatient clinic in French Camp, California. 
87,000 veterans in and around my district will have to continue to wait for the quality medical care that they have earned. For example, I recently drove with a veteran to the nearest VA medical center. His appointment was only 30 minutes, but including travel, it took us 8 hours. It took all day. This cannot continue. 
years old. Since 2004, use of Department facilities has risen 80 percent to 120 percent, while the condition of these facilities deteriorated over the same period of time. There are more than 3,900 infrastructure gaps that will cost between $54 billion and $66 billion to close, including $10 billion in activation costs. 
Moreover, the Veterans Health Administration has over 21 major construction projects dating to 2007 that have been only partially funded. To complete existing projects and to close future gaps, the VA will need to invest at least $23 billion over the next 10 years. At current requested funding levels, it will take more than 67 years to complete the 10year capital investment plan of the Department. 
access to the best healthcare system our Nation has to offer, and that is the 
VA healthcare system. Not adequately funding our future construction projects is a disservice to our Nation’s heroes. 
at the VA boondoggle in Aurora, Colorado. This is unacceptable to taxpayers, to veterans and their families, and an embarrassment to the VA. While we are all frustrated with how this process has gone, further funding reductions to major construction does not help build additional facilities on schedule, fails to provide additional oversight of construction projects, and does nothing to reform VA construction processes. I am pleased that both the chairman and ranking member recognize the need to address this issue and have included important language to that effect, but there is still more work to be done, and that is something we plan to address in the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
week that it is working with the Army Corps of Engineers to identify projects in which the Corps will serve as the construction agent. The VA and the Corps are still working on the exact projects and criteria, but this is a step in the right direction. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the frustration, really, but cutting funding right now to these projects doesn’t solve the problem. It is hurting our veterans. We need to think outside of that box. Let’s focus on improving our construction process and not punishing the veterans across the country because of what occurred in Denver. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
others are disappointed that we did not provide the full administration request for major construction, but we felt that it was more important to provide necessary health services for veterans than to add to the poorly managed major construction account. This amendment, I believe, proves the wisdom of our choice. 
interested in, we would have to gut the VA IT program, which is already $195 million below the request. I don’t think many Members would be willing to accept the cuts that would need to be made to the electronic medical records system or the paperless disability claims processing system. We can’t afford to sacrifice the good of the many veterans to accommodate a local or parochial project construction request. 
and frustration, but I do believe that this request would do a lot of damage to the IT program and affect a lot of 
things that all of us are deeply concerned about in terms of an Arated health record, EMR, and other important disability issues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment that would transfer $8 million within this bill to hire and train personnel for the purposes of reducing the veterans’ disability claims backlog. 
budget justification for the fiscal year 2016 requests an increase of $12 million for its Office of General Counsel, but on the very next page of that document, it says it needs $4 million to ‘‘address increases in the legal workload.’’ 
that the VA’s goal is to have an additional 45 fulltime equivalent lawyers for its Office of General Counsel, which would take the total number of attorneys up to 757. According to the committee report for the last 5 years, the committee has fully funded the President’s budget request for additional fulltime equivalents, and yet the claim backlogs remain. 
money within the Veterans Benefits Administration from the Office of General Counsel and put it towards the hiring and training of personnel who will work to reduce the VA claims backlog. The Congressional Budget Office says this amendment has no score. 
I think most of us can agree that the 
appropriations would be better spent on the VA claims backlog reduction rather than hiring more lawyers. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
that eliminating the backlog should be the VA’s highest priority. The bill provides the entire administration request for claims processing activities, and I would support your amendment. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Ms. TITUS. I rise to offer an amendment. It is at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment, which is designed to focus the VA’s attention on a critical issue, the treatment of our female veterans. 
rapidly growing. Today women constitute approximately 20 percent of new recruits, 14.5 percent of the Active Duty component, and 18 percent of the Reserve component. Almost 280,000 women have served post9/11 in Afghanistan and Iraq. While the number of male veterans is expected to decline by 2020, the number of women veterans is expected to grow dramatically to 11 percent of the veteran population. 
needs of women veterans are different from those of their male counterparts. Unfortunately, the VA has faced challenges in meeting these needs. There are far too few OB/GYNs and a dearth of women’s healthcare clinics. Where clinics do exist, many lack sufficient privacy protections for the patient. The VA has also struggled to address shortages in mental health, child care, and housing services for female veterans. 
do not identify themselves as veterans or they lack sufficient information about the benefits and services that the VA provides. Fortunately, the VA has started to put an increased focus on this population. The VA Center for Women Veterans is charged with monitoring and coordinating VA’s administration of health care, benefits services, and programs for women veterans, as well as with raising awareness within the Department for their special needs. 
Force published a report outlining strategies to meet the needs of our female veterans. The report highlighted barriers to providing services to women veterans, including a lack of data collection and analysis. Without knowing how to best serve and meet expectations of female veterans, the VA will never be able to give these heroes the care and support that they earned and deserve. 
encourage the VA to fill the two unfunded data collection and analysis positions in the Center for Women Veterans to ensure that the VA is able to 
identify and fulfill the needs of our Nation’s female heroes. 
I thank the chairman and the ranking member for working with me on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
thank you for allowing me to respond. I support the gentlewoman’s efforts to highlight the importance of women’s health. The VA women’s center has been underfunded for the last few years. As the gentlewoman correctly pointed out, their most recent working group recommends that they fill two statistician positions that have not yet been filled due to lack of budget. 
Without these positions, it is challenging for the VA to get good data about female veterans, so many programs are shaped using faulty assumptions. I believe that these positions are very important for the VA when it comes to providing care for our female veterans. I support these efforts, and I urge all Members to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I commend the 
gentlelady for her work to improve the services VA provides to our women veterans. You really ought to be commended. I know your work on the authorizing committee is very important to you. Since women comprise nearly 15 percent of the ActiveDuty military forces, VA must improve its services and infrastructure to accommodate genderspecific needs. I certainly strongly support the gentlelady’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to close by asking my other colleagues to support this amendment so we can send a strong message to our female veterans that the U.S. Congress is committed to ensuring that the VA is meeting their unique needs. It is critical that the VA is able to accurately look forward to the future and shape their programs so it is welcoming and supporting of all our veterans. I thank you for your support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer a straightforward amendment that would strengthen the ability of the Board of Veterans Appeals to reduce its backlog. 
on the difficult task of prioritizing limited resources for our veterans. The committee rightfully recommends the budget request level for the Board of Veterans Appeals, but I will note that one of the primary concerns I hear from my casework staff and directly from the veterans is the need for increased resources to the Board of Veterans Appeals. 
accompanying this bill, ‘‘appeals received by BVA are projected to increase from 49,611 in 2012 to 81,640 cases in 2016.’’ That is a 65 percent increase in just 4 short years. 
and Afghanistan, it is no wonder why there is such a significant spike in the claims and appeals. I simply want to heed the call of the veterans in my district and across this country and ensure that the Board of Veterans Appeals has the resources necessary to address the seemingly endless backlog. 
this amendment. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their diligent efforts. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
Mr. DENT. I agree with the gentleman from Arizona’s emphasis on maximizing funding for the Board of Veterans Appeals. The board will be facing an enormous increase in caseload as the backlog of initial disability claims is cleared and veterans appeals those decisions. 
percent, increase in the board’s funding, as well as additional information technology funds to help modernize the board’s paperbound processing system. 
and the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
an amendment at the desk, which I will offer at this time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Sinema amendment is a commonsense fix that helps improve the transparency of the VA and the quality of services provided to veterans. 
work that they are doing to pass this bill and for being so kind about this amendment. 
The underlying bill requires quarterly reports on the financial status of the Veterans Health Administration. My amendment requires the VA to include, as part of these quarterly payments, any outstanding payments owed to contracted entities older than 60 days and a justification for the delay in payments. 
the VA is unable to provide the timely, highquality care our veterans deserve on their own. By leveraging community providers and creating a seamless relationship between internal VA care providers and external nonVA care providers, we can ensure that veterans receive the timely access to quality care they deserve. 
to create. That is what the Secretary hopes to build through the MyVA initiative. 
struggle with paying its bills in a timely way. In my district, I have heard from large hospitals and small businesses alike who don’t receive prompt payments from the VA. 
A small business in my district, Interim HealthCare, provides home care, skilled medical care, and staffing services for the VA. Despite efforts by the Phoenix VA hospital, the larger VA system has failed to pay Interim HealthCare and others in a timely way. This threatens small businesses and the care that they provide to Arizona veterans. Ultimately, this undermines the seamless care we are attempting to provide to veterans. 
to provide timely payments to contracted service providers will help the VA address this issue and improve the quality of services for our veterans. 
2014, over 55 percent of all veterans calling a national hotline for care never got through to a representative. Thus far, in 2015, that number has risen to 59 percent. This amendment would also allow the VA to provide a report on how many individuals who reached the call center are dropped and how many get the care they receive. 
and others, which will improve oversight and accountability at the VA, is 
a step towards restoring the trust that we so dearly owe to our veterans. 
member for their support and their dedication to our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,200,000)’’. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment to provide additional resources for the information technology systems at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
at the VA are paramount to meeting the goals of veterans claims backlog reduction. 
I applaud the committee for recommending resources above and beyond last year’s enacted levels, but the recommended levels are significantly beneath the President’s budget request levels. 
this same appropriation bill, House amendment 635, which transferred just over $3.2 million from the general administration account at the VA to the IT systems account. That amendment was agreed to by a voice vote. Today, I offer essentially the same amendment. 
I just want to note, as I have before, 
that many of our veterans are simply giving up. They are either giving up on trying to obtain the benefits they deserve or, worse, some of them are giving up on life altogether. It is a travesty, and this is an appalling trend that must be reversed. 
work and its acknowledgment of the importance of reducing the backlog in this bill. Having said that, I think we can do more and should focus on 
will lead to timelier care for our Nation’s heroes, as opposed to administrative expenses. 
My commonsense amendment proposes redirecting a fraction of the funds in the general administration account away from things like funding for conference expenses and bureaucrats and shifting those funds toward reducing the VA claims backlog. 
simple amendment to improve IT systems at the VA. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
Mr. DENT. I understand the gentleman’s focus on providing information technology resources for the VA in order to meet the goals of eliminating the backlog. I have no objection to the amendment. 
distinguished chair and the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Board of Veterans Appeals, $107,884,000, of which not to exceed $10,788,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Veterans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,697,734,000: Provided , That 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
off by saying thank you to Chairman DENTand Ranking Member B ISHOP for 
H.R. 2029, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for 2016. This amendment is for the brave men and women who have served and sacrificed for our country, our veterans. 
California is home to almost 2 million veterans, and I am proud to represent more than 54,000 veterans in my district alone. There are 40,000 veterans expected to return to California every year for the next several years, including the fastest growing group of returning veterans, women. 
As our troops come home and assimilate back into civilian life, it is critical that we do not abandon our veterans when they put down their weapons; instead, we must ensure they have timely access to the critical benefits they have earned and deserve. 
Unconscionably, thousands of veterans who have sacrificed for our country are struggling to access benefits they have already earned. Due to the lingering claims backlog at the Veterans Health Administration, veterans across our Nation are waiting for pensions, prescription drugs, and even lifesaving medical care. 
to process 448,000 benefit claims, and 176,000 of those veterans have been waiting longer than 125 days for a decision. Our work to clear this harmful backlog is not finished, and we owe it to these courageous men and women to do so as soon as possible. 
people this is affecting are not mere statistics. They are men and women like retired Air Force Master Sergeant Andrew Walker and his family from Beaumont, California. 
years on end without receiving the critical health care he was promised, earned, and desperately needed. While I am heartened that I was able to help resolve Mr. Walker’s claim, the backlog remains an enduring nightmare for too many veterans across the country. 
seemingly endless line, veterans experience pain, frustration, hopelessness, and despair. Although the backlog has shrunk since Congress last passed a similar appropriations bill, we must not lose sight of the importance of getting veterans like Andrew Walker their hardearned benefits as soon as possible. 
am fighting to change the culture at the VA from the inside out. By focusing on veterancentered care and ensuring that the VA continues working to eliminate this backlog, we can take muchneeded steps in keeping faith with our veterans and getting them the benefits they have earned. 
amendment to advocate for an additional $5 million to fund the digital scanning of health and benefits files to 
reduce the backlog by redirecting funding within the general operating expenses account of the Veterans Benefits Administration. 
toward the digital scanning of health and benefit files that will reduce the claims backlog without any new spending. 
I understand the importance of efficiency in health care, and I know how dangerous such tribulations can be for a person with PTSD or depression. 
digitizing health and benefits files, we will further increase VA’s capacity to tackle the claims backlog, ensuring veterans receive the benefits they have earned in a timely manner. 
these men and women have served this country and they have put their lives on the line. We must service them by making certain that Congress focuses on eliminating the claims backlog for good. 
up for veterans and support my pragmatic amendment to reduce veterans claims processing times. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would like to start by thanking subcommittee Chairman DENTand Chairman R OGERS for their work in developing this legislation to address the current and future needs of our Nation’s veterans. 
that highlights the need for veterans job training as part of this appropriations bill. Simply, my amendment would designate $5 million within the general operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration account to support programs that help our veterans transition to the workforce. 
660,000 veterans who contribute every day to the vitality of our communities. 
These men and women have developed marketable skills, from technical training in mechanics, IT, and health care, to leadership qualities, ethics, 
many of them struggle to find employment after they have completed their service. 
from Iraq and Afghanistan face unique challenges to finding employment, as those who served in Active Duty since September 20, 2001, face a jobless rate that is 1.7 percentage points higher—7.2 percent veterans versus 5.5 percent national—than the general population. 
good steps toward helping veterans transition to the civilian sector, from passing the Hire More Heroes Act to remove costly ObamaCare mandates that discourage the hiring of veterans, to working with employers to help them understand the benefits of hiring veterans. We can certainly do more to ensure these brave men and women have the opportunity for gainful employment when they return to our communities. 
funds to focus on difficulties veterans face translating their valuable skills to suitable employment in the civilian sector. For example, as the committee rightly highlights in their report, the VA should refine and upgrade its Military Skills Translator tool to more accurately reflect the transferable skills of transitioning military veterans. The VA should also increase public awareness and access to this tool for our Nation’s employers. 
workforce, our Nation cannot afford to leave our veterans behind; and if we are to meet our obligation to those who have put their lives on the line in service to our country, we must work to improve the transition from military service to the career field. 
this commonsense amendment to help our veterans get back to work. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WALBERG. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
from Michigan has a deep commitment to providing job training and employment assistance for our returning veterans, and I support the amendment, which highlights the importance of VA programs that provide this assistance. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said 
acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,038,363,000, plus reimbursements: Provided , 
That $1,115,757,000 shall be for pay and associated costs, of which not to exceed $34,800,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That $2,417,863,000 shall 
be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $167,900,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That $504,743,000 shall be for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, and shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further , That amounts made available 
for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further , That 
amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further , That amounts made 
available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further , That no project 
may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further , That funds under this heading may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoperability: Provided further , That of the funds 
made available for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for VistA Evolution, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and 
this heading for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $131,766,000, of which not to exceed $12,600,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset management related activities, including portfolio development and management activities, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account, and funds provided for the purchase of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project which has not been approved by the Congress in the budgetary process: Provided further , That funds made available 
submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Departmental Administration—Construction, Major Projects’’ account, strike the aggregate dollar amount and insert ‘‘$1,143,800,000’’. 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I rise this afternoon to offer an amendment to H.R. 2029. My amendment would restore the funding for major construction projects in the Department of Veterans Affairs to $1.14 billion to meet the level that the VA has requested. 
As ranking member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I share the outrage of many of my colleagues over the unacceptable mismanagement of the VA’s major construction program. 
held accountable for their failure to manage construction costs for the Denver hospital. Congress must reform the VA construction program so that it uses taxpayer dollars wisely and efficiently. However, we cannot continue to ignore the sad state of disrepair in VA hospitals and clinics across our country which are in desperate need of funding for modernization and health and safety improvements. 
Most of the VA’s medical infrastructure is old and outdated. The average building age is approaching 60 years. Many VA health facilities urgently need seismic retrofitting or emergency repairs. Others are too small to accommodate the growing population of veterans returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, and the aging population of veterans who served in Vietnam continues to put great stress on the VA. 
Many veterans in underserved communities like Ventura County are counting on us, on Congress, to ensure that new construction projects are delivered and that their health care needs will be met. The funding levels in the bill would delay VA plans to expand health care facilities in many locations, harming VA’s ability to provide care to veterans. 
bill is made law, the VA would have to scuttle plans for a rehabilitative therapy building in St. Louis, Missouri, two outpatient clinics in Alameda and French Camp in California, and a community living center in Perry Point, Maryland. Delaying these projects is not the right way to honor our commitment to our Nation’s veterans. 
the VA’s major construction program are not the only way that veterans are 
being shortchanged in this bill before us today. The majority’s bill also fails to meet the administration’s budget requests in other areas, including medical services, medical facilities, and information technology. 
at the bill’s current funding level, over 70,000 fewer veterans will receive medical care compared to the administration’s request. In addition, the VA will not be able to pay for cemetery expansions in St. Louis, Portland, Riverside, Puerto Rico, and Pensacola, which would have enabled the Department to serve 18,000 veterans and their family members annually. 
AMVETS, Disabled American Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, agree that, in the long run, Congress will be forced to appropriate much larger sums to enable the VA to catch up on the deficits being created by this bill, not only in capital infrastructure, but in critical investments in other VA services in health care. 
If we really want to change the culture of the VA and ensure that veterans everywhere can get the services and benefits they have earned, Congress must do its part by investing in our veterans. 
the health and wellbeing of the men and women who have served this country at risk. 
amendment is subject to a point of order, so I intend to withdraw my amendment, but we must fix this bill before it moves forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $80,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
2016 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned appropriations: Provided , That before a transfer 
may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided , That any transfers between 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further , That any transfers 
between the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further , That any transfers to or from 
the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. 
(except the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. 
shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such 
benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2015. 
That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2016 that are available for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further , That if the cost of administration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further , That the Secretary shall determine the cost of administration for fiscal year 2016 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insurance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. 
funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $43,700,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,400,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided , That payments may be made in advance for services 
to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further , That amounts received shall 
be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. 
Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further , That 
any amounts so recovered for care or services provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to ‘‘Medical Services’’, to remain available until expended for the purposes of that account. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. 
in this title may be used to implement any policy prohibiting the Directors of the Veterans Integrated Service Networks from conducting outreach or marketing to enroll new veterans within their respective Networks. 
shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report on the financial status of the Veterans Health Administration. 
the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2016 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided , 
That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further , That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account for nonrecurring maintenance, not more than 20 percent of the funds made available shall be obligated during the last 2 months of that fiscal year: Provided , That the Secretary may 
waive this requirement after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $266,303,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon 
written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 223 of Title II of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2016, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $265,675,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided , That additional funds 
may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
title II of division I of Public Law 113–235, the following amounts which became available on October 1, 2015, are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: 
shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings for a major construction project within 15 days of being identified that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less. 
for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 53, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, each quarter the Secretary of Veterans Affairs must submit a report that includes several metrics from every VA regional office to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees. The report includes the average time to complete a disability claim, the backlog, error rates, and other important details. 
of VA must also include the number of informal claims that are unprocessed. This amendment allows Congress to receive a more complete picture of the regional office’s workload. 
Oakland and other VA regional offices of informal claims not being handled properly and even waiting decades for some of those claims to be processed. 
this quarterly report from the Secretary, and this amendment simply requires that that be done; therefore, giving Congress and veterans a better picture of what that load would be and then we can address that appropriately. So that is the amendment. Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. LAMALFA. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I support the amendment. Mr. LAMALFA. Again, Mr. Chair, it 
is a very simple amendment, and it will make a clear picture of what the real backlog is of informal claims, which has not gotten enough attention in the work of the VA in recent years. Again, we keep finding that it is an issue of importance and one of great concern as we have discovered what some of the regional offices have to deal with. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more fulltime equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. 
aggregate amount of $101,000,000 from the total budget authority provided for fiscal year 2016 for discretionary accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs in— 
shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equipment. 
upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2016 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account) or any discretionary unobligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2016, that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts: Provided , That transfers shall be made only with 
the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further , That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further , That no 
amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further , That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts 
may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Provided 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. 
the ranking member and also the chairman for providing me this time to speak on the floor. 
I am going to go back. My congressional district is home to the Long Beach Veterans Affairs hospital; the American Gold Star Manor, which is a manor that provides affordable housing for mothers who have lost their sons to war and for veterans; and my district is also the home of Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base. 
veterans has been a top priority throughout my career. That is why I am cosponsoring this amendment to address the disability claims and appeals backlogs and hopefully provide funding for more fulltime employees to address these issues. 
There are long delays in Aid and Attendance claims, particularly with regard to elderly, frail veterans with rapidly declining health issues. And approval is slow and sometimes comes, actually, too late, allowing the veterans to suffer for no reason. 
connected Purple Heart veteran with Parkinson’s disease who filed for Aid and Attendance in July 2013. At that time, he needed caretaking assistance at his home but was initially denied. 
from his son who informed me that his father had fallen and broken his shoulder. During this time, my constituent had to produce multiple pieces of paper and doctor’s confirmation of disability, even though he is an amputee. His son called my office and informed my caseworker in the district that he needed immediate assistance for his father. My caseworker called my staffer in D.C., who ran to the VA Congressional Liaison’s office here at the Capitol to see what could be done during this emergency. I spoke to the VA about the situation, and my constituent received immediate assistance because I called. My constituent was finally awarded Aid and Attendance in May of 2014. 
have to wait for medical care and suffer while they are waiting for months and years. Our veterans deserve better service than we are giving them. It is unnecessary for these types of emergencies to occur. 
Last year, I encouraged the Department to use its funding to hire additional staff and stated that I do not believe that providing overtime pay for workers who are already stretched thin was enough. I am pleased to see there is funding to hire more fulltime employees, but we still need more workers in order for the VA to respond faster. I am still concerned that the Veterans Benefits Administration is not requesting adequate resources to expeditiously handle the current backlog or new claims, which are expected to increase. 
claims to other regional offices rather than the home office. It is making progress. However, claims are still taking as long as 2 years for resolution. The VA is encouraging veterans to use electronic benefits, eBenefits, though many Vietnamera veterans need assistance with this technology. 
America’s veterans to serve their country and sacrifice their lives on our behalf, our Nation needs to make a promise to take care of them throughout their lives. Ensuring that our veterans receive the best care after their years of service to our Nation is a moral responsibility which must happen. I pledge my continued support to work with Secretary McDonald and the Department of Veterans Affairs, my colleagues, stakeholder groups, and my constituents to address these issues. 
the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided , That before a transfer may take 
place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval from such Committees for such request. 
may not reprogram funds among major construction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
available in Public Law 113235 for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2016, $197,923,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Services’’, $42,272,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and 
available by this Act for the following accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that describes the status, including the timeline for completion, of each CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic to be established by the Department of Veterans Affairs, through construction or lease, that is not yet completed. 
the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in support of my amendment to have the Secretary of the VA report to Congress on the status of VA clinics currently in the leasing or construction process. 
quality care without having to drive hundreds of miles. In many areas, like in northern Michigan, VA clinics can serve an important role in providing care to veterans in their communities. However, no one is served when the VA takes many years to approve and complete these projects. 
In Traverse City, Michigan, an expansion for the VA clinic was approved and funded by Congress in 2013. After I sent letters to the Secretary asking for an explanation, the program was finally approved by the VA in August of 2014. To this day, the VA has yet to make measurable progress on this facility, and they have told me that it could be as many as 6 more years before this facility is completed. 
many facilities are facing similar delays. As we work to enforce some accountability at the VA, we can’t ignore our rural veterans that rely on VA clinics. The VA must be held accountable for these delays, and I want to know who in the agency is responsible. 
My goal is for all veterans to have a 
choice in where they receive care. We have taken an important step towards that with the Choice Act, and I look forward to continuing to work to expand that program. However, it is critical that we do not allow the VA to hold veterans and taxpayers in limbo as critical, funded projects sit unfinished. 
not for plush executive salaries and full retirement benefits for those that manipulate data. It is for our veterans. The VA must return to its focus, to its central mission and remove bureaucratic hurdles that keep veterans from the care they have earned. 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
imposes new duties on the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (oneforone replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. 
the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7299 of title 38, United States Code, $32,141,000: Provided , That $2,500,000 shall be 
available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described, and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. 
operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a oneforone basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi. 
under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. 
current fiscal year into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. 
Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $244,004,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, for projects outside of the United States: Provided , That such amount is 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
want to read something at the beginning of this: 
operation global war on terror cap adjustment is a backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process.’’ 
Committee will oppose increases above the levels the administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out operations unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such amounts are war related. 
budget report. Last year, this body took a position that we were not going to use the OCO budget, the global war on terror budget, in order to get around the BCA caps. 
offered, does exactly that. It spends about $532 million in the OCO budget for matters that the Department of Defense admits are not war related. These 
Defense included in its original base defense budget request, but for which there wasn’t enough money under the BCA caps. 
is taken those requests which are admittedly not war related and buried it in this appropriations bill, using the OCO money in order to violate the caps. 
By the way, the money goes to overseas bases, bases in Italy, Poland, Bahrain, Niger, Djibouti, and Oman, admitted by the Defense Department not to be war related, yet is in the war budget today. 
All I ask, Mr. Chairman, is this: If we 
agree as a body that we cannot live within the BCA caps and we agree that the defense of the Nation takes more money than is permitted under the BCA caps, then let’s break the caps. But let’s do it honestly, let’s do it openly, and let’s tell the people here why we have to do it and where the money is going. 
by members of both the Democrat Party and the Republican Party alike as a slush fund, as a bad way to do business. The Defense Department doesn’t even like using this type of money because it does not allow them to budget properly. It is a desperate act, and it is a dishonest act when it comes to following the law. 
the land. It passed in the House, it passed in the Senate, and it was signed by the President. And this appropriations bill seeks to break the law and seeks to do it in such a way that isn’t even honest about how it is going forward. 
So with that, Mr. Chairman, I respectfully request that folks would support the MulvaneyVan Hollen amendment and strike the OCOGWOT money from this particular appropriations bill. 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
‘‘It is not in order to strike or otherwise amend portions of a bill not yet read for amendment.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
understanding is that this amendment seeks to strike title IV on page 62, which is exactly where we are when I was called to the podium. 
from Maryland is recognized. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. My understanding of this is it strikes the provision and, therefore, meets the requirements. After all, this is the first bill we are debating since the budget was passed. The budget opens the door wide to this accounting scam that Republicans on the Budget Committee just last year said was a gross runaround of the budget rules. 
the report from the Budget Committee last year that said that abuse of the OCO cap adjustment is a backdoor loophole that undermines the integrity of the budget process. 
must confine his remarks to the point of order. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Well, Mr. Chairman, I want to point out that the Budget Committee itself has indicated that this violates the budget process. 
from Maryland must confine his remarks to the point of order. 
understand how this could be a violation of the point of order if the Budget Committee says that what we are doing violates the budget process or undermines the budget process. 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
have a parliamentary inquiry as to the point of order. 
order that we have not yet reached the appropriate time for making this particular amendment? 
order has been stated. The Chair has not yet ruled. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Would the gentleman from Pennsylvania restate the point? 
we are not at the appropriate point in the bill for this amendment to be considered. 
understanding is that we are on page 62. That is the page I think on which title IV is printed. My amendment does nothing more than strikes all of title IV. So it seems like this is wholly the appropriate time to deal with that particular amendment and, in fact, may be out of order if I don’t offer it right now. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is prepared to rule. 
Only the first paragraph of title IV is pending. 
from Maryland may state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, as 
I understood the ruling, because the amendment strikes all of this section, as opposed to the portion of the section we are currently on, it is being ruled out of order. Is that correct? 
The Acting CHAIR. Only one paragraph is currently pending, and the amendment sought to strike the entire title. 
inquiry: Is there going to be a point in time when that entire section is pending? 
understand that the meaning of ‘‘is’’ is ‘‘is.’’ I understand that we are on the first paragraph. 
going to be a point in time when the entire section is pending, such that this amendment would then be considered in order since the amendment is to strike the entire section? 
Mr. MULVANEY. Is the ruling without prejudice as to my ability to offer the amendment at a later time? 
that has been read is open for amendment at this time. 
Chairman. I don’t believe that responds to my parliamentary inquiry. 
prejudice as to my ability to bring the same amendment at a later time? 
Chairman. I am not asking the Chair for an advisory opinion. I am asking the Chair to clarify the ruling the Chair has already made. Is it with or without prejudice? 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentleman seek to offer an amendment? 
consent to offer an amendment at this point in time to strike the pending paragraph. 
Mr. DENT. I object. The Acting CHAIR. If the gentleman 
this. I understand that we are sort of working our way through this. 
inappropriate time for me to bring this amendment, why was I summoned to the podium? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair was inquiring as to the purpose the gentleman was seeking recognition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
am pleased to offer this amendment with my colleague, Mr. MULVANEY . And 
now that we have gotten beyond the sort of procedural objections, let’s go to the substance of this. 
that we have on the floor that raises the question about the budgets that were passed in both the House and the Senate. As I think our colleagues know well by this point, both those budgets engage in an incredible accounting scam with respect to how we fund the Department of Defense and how we fund our military operations. 
For years, we have distinguished between the moneys that we spend on our ongoing defense programs, called the base budget, and the moneys set aside in the war account, the socalled overseas contingency account funds. 
President, on the advice of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and our military leadership, has requested the amount that is necessary to address our overseas contingency operations. But instead of abiding by that request and what was necessary, the Republican budget does this endrun and ends up using our overseas contingency account as a slush fund for funds that have been in the base defense budget. 
Chairman, this accounting scam, the sleight of hand, was something that the Republican Budget Committee just last year strongly objected to and indicated that it violated the budget process. 
the Republican Budget Committee report from last year on this issue where it says the Budget Committee will exercise its oversight responsibilities with respect to the use of the OCO, the overseas contingency account, designation in the budget process, and it will oppose increases above the level the administration and our military commanders say are necessary to carry out operations. And then it goes on, because those are not war related. 
engaging in this incredible sleight of hand, and it is only one big problem in 
the budget before us, along with many other problems. 
But on this point, I would like to now 
yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) if he would 
earlier on the amendment that was ruled out of order. The BCA is the law. We agreed that it is. I didn’t vote for it. By the way, I didn’t like it very much and was one of the few of my party who did not vote for it. But it is the law passed in the House, passed by the Senate, and signed by the President. 
change it if we want to. And if that is the will of this body, then let’s do it. But let’s do it by changing the Budget Control Act. Let’s not go around the BCA. Let’s not use a back door. Let’s not use a slush fund, something that is offbudget. 
I hope my friends in the private sector understand the severity of it at this point. We have spending here that is offbudget that doesn’t count towards the budget. And if we can use it for this, what else can we use it for? We are using it now for bases in Poland, Bahrain, Niger, Djibouti, and Oman, specifically not war related; yet it is in the war budget. 
If we can use it for this, what is to 
stop us from using it for anything? If the law is going to have any meaning, let’s respect it. And if we want to change it, let’s change it. But let’s be forthright about it. 
Bring a bill to the floor to change the 
Budget Control Act and make the arguments for why we should do that. Let’s not be disingenuous. Let’s not be deceptive. Let’s not be mischievous with the budget. 
the defense of this Nation to spend $532 million on base improvements in these overseas countries, then have folks come to the floor and tell us why. Let’s not slip a line into the MILCONVA budget and just say, Well, everybody always votes for VA anyway. Who can vote against the vets? Who can vote against MILCON? Let’s put it in there. Nobody will notice it. 
Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment. In fact, I ask unanimous consent to be added as a cosponsor of Mr. VAN 
ask unanimous consent, since the original amendment was offered by Mr. MULVANEY , to make this the Mulvaney 
unanimous consent to make the main sponsor Mr. MULVANEY . The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s 
withdraw the amendment but only on the understanding—parliamentary inquiry—if I withdraw it and substitute the same amendment in the name of Mr. MULVANEY , can I do that? 
just keep it. This will be known as the 
I thank the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s 
to say that there has been precedent to use OCO money on similar projects for similar purposes in previous years. Specifically, the Bahrain portion that is going to the U.S. Navy, there is a pier replacement, ship maintenance support facility. We used OCO funds in fiscal years ’11, ’12, and ’13 for similar purposes then. 
were to strike the OCO funding from this bill, the missile defense in Poland, the Aegis missile defense complex, would also be affected. Again, we had used OCO money for similar purposes in fiscal year ’15. 
for using OCO funds for the purposes contained in this bill. It is appropriate. I do not agree with the characterization that it is a scam, but it is used as precedent. 
I would urge rejection of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I have an amendment at the desk to strike the second paragraph of title IV. 
Construction, Air Force’’ $75,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, for 
projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the 
have an amendment at the desk. I am moving to strike the second paragraph of title IV. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, unless Mr. VANHOLLEN has anything to 
add, I believe the same arguments that we just made on his previous amendment stand for this one, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
opposition to the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ). 
would just observe, in response to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania on the Appropriations Committee, that our military leadership has said that the funds that are requested for this purpose under OCO are not OCO funds, that they are not war related funds. That is coming from the Department of Defense. That is coming from the folks who put together the budgets for the Department of Defense. 
expenditures, which have been described by Mr. MULVANEY , are now 
somehow part of the war effort as opposed to the ongoing defense budget is to say to the military leadership that they don’t understand how their budgets work. I think they do understand how their budgets work. We are trying to make sure that we protect the integrity of the process so that people can’t be using the war account as a slush fund, which is exactly what this measure does. 
this amendment. This amendment essentially would strike the OCO funds that would be provided to the Air Force, specifically in Oman for the airlift apron. I want to point out that the President of the United States requested funding for this same project under OCO in fiscal year 2011 for the airlift ramp. I am looking at the map actually of the work. It is on the same site. 
used for this at the request of the President in fiscal year ’11. We are 
talking about using it on the same site for the same purpose. So, again, I would argue that the airlift apron in Oman is part of a facility that is very much part of our counterterrorism operations in that part of the world. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Construction, DefenseWide’’, $212,996,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, for projects outside of the United States: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Strike p. 62 line 23 thru page 63 line 6. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, as I understand this amendment, this would essentially eliminate OCO funding for our operation in Djibouti where we have infrastructure for fuel storage and distribution facilities. 
Again, OCO funds were used for similar purposes in Djibouti in fiscal years ’12 and ’13 through OCO, I believe at the request of the President at the time. Again, Djibouti is a key facility for us strategically and one that is being used in our fight in the global war on terror. It is obviously very close to Somalia, a hotbed of Islamist extremism, as well as close to Yemen, where there is so much hostile action. So, again, I would urge we reject this 
amendment because it will negatively impact our ability to conduct the global war on terror at a facility right in that part of the world. And again, where precedent has been set, like in these other situations, precedent has been set for using OCO funds. We are doing it again this year, and I think it is appropriate. 
would like to read a portion of the language we are seeking to strike. It says: ‘‘For an additional amount for ‘Military Construction DefenseWide’, $212,996,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020.’’ 
the money today, we are looking to have the right to spend this money whenever we want over the next 5 years. I don’t know of any other part of the budget where we do that. 
If this is not a slush fund, Mr. Chairman, I don’t know what it is. It was set up by a previous administration—an administration, by the way, of my party—and has been decried by Members of my party as being a slush fund. In fact, I think JOHNMCCAINcalled it 
a slush fund, for goodness’ sake. I believe Senator CORKER called it the 
same thing. This is one of the reasons. We have no idea why we are spending this money. It is available until 2020. 
Chairman, to say no. The money in the overseas contingency operation is there to support the troops who are overseas fighting a war. It is there to fight the global war on terror. It is not there for a slush fund for whatever bases we happen to think are convenient at the time and for which we can’t find enough money under the base budget for that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to respond to my friend from South Carolina. I do understand how construction is done. 
I do want to point out that many of 
these projects are not all funded in one single fiscal year, but over a period of years, both domestically and internationally, as is the case here. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. 
funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. 
in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. 
in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for firstclass travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction services, where the contractor has 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would strike section 512 of the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to construct or expand any facility in the United States to house any individual detained at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
122 people at Guantanamo, 57 of whom have been cleared for release. These people have been found guilty of nothing, are believed to be guilty of nothing, and have been judged not to pose any danger. Nonetheless, they are not released. By what claim of right do we continue to imprison them? 
been cleared for release, this bill is designed to ensure that we will continue to hold them at Guantanamo indefinitely. We don’t know whether these people are enemy soldiers or not or are guilty of anything or not. Some of them may be, and some of them probably are not. Those facts must be determined in a fair proceeding of some 
sort, but, at Guantanamo, there are no proceedings. The military tribunal process at Guantanamo has been at a complete standstill for years, and we cannot hold civilian trials at Guantanamo, so we are holding people for no purpose with no proceedings, no hearings, no opportunity to determine their guilt or innocence, and we are holding them, essentially, forever. 
Representative and nowSenator COTTONsaid that these people had been determined to be guilty by Congress. Aside from the fact that Congress has not determined anybody to be guilty and aside from the fact, if Congress tried to determine someone to be guilty of a crime or of anything, that it would be a violation of the bill of attainder section of the Congress, it is simply not true. These people have been determined to be guilty of nothing, and they deserve, like anybody else, to have a day in court. How long will we let this shameful episode in American history continue? 
the founding principles of the United States, which is that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law and, certainly, may not be deprived of liberty indefinitely without due process of law, we must close the detention facility at Guantanamo now so that they can be properly charged and tried in a Federal court. This will afford the detainees no additional constitutional rights. The Supreme Court has already ruled that detainees at Guantanamo have the same constitutional rights as they would if they were to be brought to the United States. 
Federal court any detainee against whom it has evidence. The Federal courts, in contrast to the military tribunals, have an excellent record in prosecuting and convicting terrorists. Anyone not charged should either be classified as a ‘‘prisoner of war’’ and treated as such or should be released back to his home country or elsewhere if that prevents a problem to his life or safety. This is not a radical suggestion. It has been our tradition for the entire history of our country and has been our unbroken legal practice until now. 
The President can and should without delay authorize the Secretary of Defense to use existing certification and waiver procedures to repatriate and resettle abroad all prisoners who have been cleared for release, and he should arrange trial in the United States for all prisoners who are not cleared for release. 
try and convict and sentence the people who are guilty of acts of terrorism or aggression against the United States or, in accord with our moral and constitutional principles, release those who are not guilty of offenses against the United States. Only so can we restore our national honor. This amendment is necessary to start this process 
these prisoners to the United States for trial, we cannot try them. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
has been included in the MILCONVA bill for several years, and it is part of the overall policy discussion involving Guantanamo Bay. Identical language is also carried in the 2015 appropriations bill. Again, I respectfully request that the we reject this amendment. 
I would also add that, at Guantanamo Bay, we have about 120 prisoners there. Among those who are at that facility are Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. I believe he is the man who also confessed that he decapitated Dan Pearl, the Wall Street Journal reporter. He was gruesomely executed by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. He is a highvalue detainee, and there are other high value detainees there. Many of the prisoners down in Guantanamo are Yemeni, but we certainly can’t send them back to Yemen. It is also clear to me that many of these prisoners are very difficult to try and too dangerous to release, so I urge opposition to this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I note 
in his opposing this amendment that the gentleman simply said it is part of a larger policy discussion about Guantanamo. He is correct. He said that there is identical language in other bills. He is correct. He said that we should remove that language from the other bills, and he points out that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other highvalue prisoners are at Guantanamo. He is correct. 
States. We are to try them and convict them and either sentence them to death or to life in prison without parole or whatever. That is our tradition. We don’t simply declare someone is a bad guy and hold him forever without a trial. Our Federal courts in the United States have an excellent record of trying and convicting people accused of terrorism. In the military tribunals at Guantanamo, they can’t even run a trial. It has come to a complete standstill. 
that there are some very bad people at Guantanamo. Yes, there are. There are also some perfectly innocent people at Guantanamo. Those people ought to be released. The people who we think are guilty of something should be charged and tried. To simply say that someone is not going to be charged and tried but be held for life imprisonment without a trial is not what this country is about. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. 
I believe we need to set the conditions for the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo. It is in the United States national security interests to do so. Guantanamo has become a rallying cry. It serves as a recruitment tool for terrorists, and it increases the will of our enemies to fight while decreasing the will of others to work with America. 
Guantanamo in the first place was the misplaced idea that the facility would be beyond the law—a proposition rejected by the United States Supreme Court. As a result, the continued operation of this facility creates the impression in the eyes of our allies and our enemies alike that the United States selectively observes the rule of law. 
There is no reason that we should impose upon ourselves the legal and moral problems arising from the prospect of indefinite detentions at Guantanamo. Working through civil courts since 9/11, hundreds of individuals have been convicted of terrorism or of terrorismrelated offenses and are now serving long sentences in Federal prison. Not one has ever escaped custody. 
time is past due to take the actions needed to initiate the closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I would 
also like to remind the Members that Bowe Bergdahl was exchanged for five detainees at GTMO who have been sent elsewhere outside the United States and outside of Guantanamo. It is hard to keep eyes on these folks who have been released in exchange for Bowe Bergdahl, who has actually been charged with desertion. 
a few years ago, former Mayor Bloomberg of New York City agreed to allow certain detainees to be brought back to New York City for trial. Then, apparently, the mayor must have spoken to his police commissioner, who thought that that was a really bad idea because it would have choked off much of southern Manhattan, and it would have been extraordinarily expensive. It would have been a mistake. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
claims under consideration in each Veterans Integrated Service Network. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a 
the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
veterans deserve better than long, drawnout claims processes that inhibit access to highquality care. This is just unacceptable. 
Since the passage of last year’s landmark VA reform legislation, the VA has demonstrated disturbingly little progress on addressing the emergency medical care claims processing backlog that is hurting our veterans. 
the VA’s progress in fiscal year 2015. I was shocked to find that, as of late March of this year, only 14 percent of the claims originating from VISN 16, including my home State of Louisiana, have been processed within 30 days. 
business in Louisiana or anywhere around this country would be given a bonus with such a poor success rate. 
starts demanding a higher standard from its employees. My amendment is fairly simple. It prevents this agency from granting bonuses to its emergency medical care claims processing staff until the percentage of emergency medical care claims processed within 30 days reaches 90 percent. 
Time and time again, we have asked the VA and have worked and legislated to get them to clean up their act. Our veterans are suffering, and this is no way to treat them. That is why I have offered this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the gentleman has a point of order raised against the amendment because it violates the House rules of legislating on an appropriations bill. I just feel compelled to speak out because of the plight of our veterans, who are at the mercy of an incompetent agency, and it has got to change. 
on both sides of the aisle will work so that we clean up this mess and treat our veterans the way they should be treated because they have gone out and fought for us. 
friend, the chairman of the subcommittee, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—Information Technology Services’’ (and the amount specified under such heading for operations and maintenance), and by increasing the amount made available for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Services’’, by $2,000,000. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my first task is to thank the ranking member, Mr. BISHOP , and the chairman 
of the subcommittee, Mr. D ENT, both of whom I have worked with, and I consider them champions of veterans and champions of the legislation that we have before us in terms of the needs that are there. 
should be addressed, Mr. Chairman. I hold in my hand a list of veterans who have fallen upon hard times, one in particular who has three grown daughters who are serving in the military. She, herself, served in the Navy for 5 years, had a divorce, and really needed to have housing assistance and medical care, but her options were insufficient. 
My amendment is a simple amendment to, again, remind us of the importance of these individuals who still suffer. The Jackson Lee amendment makes a modest but important improvement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for Supportive Services for Veteran Families account by $2 million, offset by a reduction in the same amount to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s information technology systems. 
Today in our country, there are approximately 107,000 veterans, male and female, who are homeless on any given night, and perhaps twice as many— 200,000—experience homelessness at some point during the course of the year. 
home to your district and be able to engage with your veterans associations and your own constituents, and you will find that they will come up to you because they are homeless. 
The VA Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program helps veterans and their families who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need help from the country they selflessly risked their life to defend. 
that we owe them an obligation of support. They don’t have to say it. We know that. When they put on the uniform, they ask no questions; they are selfless. 
The SSVF program ensures that eligible veteran families receive the outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining veterans and other benefits. Many are suffering from PTSD or traumatic brain injury. They have lived, and we are grateful for it. Many Vietnam vets are just being diagnosed. This program is crucial to helping them get an extra step in life. 
I would ask my colleagues to be reminded of the kinds of veterans whom we see every day who are willing to put on that uniform and sacrifice without asking one single question. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee amendment will enable this vital program to serve more veteran families in need of help by providing a bit more funding for grants to provide nonprofit private organizations and consumer cooperatives the ability to provide supportive 
need, and I would only say that we need to follow the words of a veteran who said, after getting services, ‘‘I have a home, and I enjoy being inside.’’ 
veteran families that very important quote, ‘‘I have a home, and I enjoy being inside.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, before I 
begin, let me express my appreciation and thanks to my good friends, Chairman DENT 
and Ranking Member B ISHOP , for their hard 
and constructive work in shepherding this legislation to the floor. 
Chairman DENTand I worked together constructively for many years on the Homeland Security Committee and has always distinguished himself as one of the most bipartisan members of the House. 
been one of the ablest Members of this body; I thank them both for commitment to the important work of ensuring that our veterans receive the care and support they have earned from a grateful nation. 
modest but important improvement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for the ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ account by $2 million, offset by a reduction of the same amount to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account. 
Today, in our country, there are approximately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. 
And perhaps twice as many (200,000) experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. 
Families’’ Program helps veterans, and their families, who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need a little help from the country they selflessly risked their life to defend. 
this vital program to serve more veterans’ families in need of help by providing a bit more funding for grants to private nonprofit organizations and consumer cooperatives that provide supportive services to very lowincome veteran families living in or transitioning to permanent housing. 
veteran families receive the outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA and other benefits. 
daily living, legal services, fiduciary and payee services, personal financial planning, child care, transportation, housing counseling. 
local homeless service providers to work together to effectively address the unique challenges that make it difficult for some veterans and their families to remain stably housed. 
own state of Texas, lack housing because they lost their job or could no longer afford rent; many suffer from an untreated mental illness that keeps them from working. 
hoping to utilize the skills he learned in the service, instead bounced from job to job after being discharged and found himself sleeping at night on the cold cement under a bridge in Chicago. 
funded through the SSVF, this hero received steady community service support and eventually was placed in his own studio apartment. 
He now says, in his own words: I have a 
he lost his job at a manufacturing plant and was unable to pay the bills, was forced to seek shelter for himself and his family at a homeless shelter. 
SSVF grantee and was able to assist the veteran obtain employment and his family in securing affordable lowcost housing. 
There are thousands of similar success stories made possible by the SSVF Program that I could share but all of them share a common theme: they involve veterans who served their country proudly, fell down on their luck, picked themselves back up, and found affordable and sustainable housing for their families because of the assistance and support made possible by the SSVF program. 
own to call home is the very least we can do. 
Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. 
the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or transfer of the United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
This is a very simple measure. It simply prohibits the relinquishment, the closure, or the transfer of Naval Station Guantanamo Bay out of the possession of the United States. 
American treaty, the United States began to occupy Naval Station Guantanamo Bay for at least as long as necessary or in perpetuity for naval operations. The treaty stated that the U.S. shall exercise complete jurisdiction and control of the base, while also recognizing the sovereignty of Cuba. 
a front line for our regional security in the Caribbean. It supports our Navy 
logistical work; drug interdiction; DHS migrant operations; and, importantly, disaster and humanitarian relief, including responding to the 1980s and 1990s mass migration, as well as the 2010 Haiti earthquake response. 
Very importantly is what this measure does not do. This measure does not touch the detention facility and the politics of the detention facility. This focuses solely on the national security implications of maintaining the Navy station 90 miles off the shores of Florida. Importantly, it is an issue that has been brought right now as a result of the President’s decision to begin to normalize relations with Cuba. 
a position on normalizing relations with Cuba. In fact, you could make the argument that normalizing relations with Cuba actually enhances and improves and increases our national security because it allows us additional operational units and boots on the ground at our Navy station there, engaging with the locals, improving our intelligence, improving our ability to respond. 
offer normalized relations, the Castro regime demanded the return of Guantanamo. This is a matter of our national security to maintain it. You need not make this political. 
Simply look at the advice and opinions of the previous three commanders of U.S. Southern Command. Current General John Kelly has called GTMO indispensable to the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State. 
Stavridis, said it is of immense strategic value. Prior to him, General Douglas Fraser, contemplating the eventual closure of the detention facility said, even absent a detention facility, the strategic capability provided by U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay remains essential for executing the national priorities of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a matter of national security. We have a process for realigning and closing naval facilities. This legislation simply says, for purposes of national security, this amendment prohibits any transfer or closure of Naval Station Guantanamo. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I claim the 
time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I think sometimes people get confused about the role of Guantanamo Bay naval facility’s mission. There is a joint task force on detainee operations, and there is the actual facility. 
closing the base and giving it back to Cuba, so when the detainee mission ends, which it will, we will still need to 
have this facility. It is the southernmost military facility of the Department. 
but I do support the regular mission of the Guantanamo Bay naval facility, and therefore, I will not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the time I have remaining to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT), 
wanted to state, too, that the underlying legislation does not include any funds to close the naval station at Guantanamo Bay, a facility I have visited. 
I also should point out, as the distinguished ranking member just stated, Mr. BISHOP , that the naval station is a 
key strategic location for SOUTHCOM, and I would support the gentleman’s amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Veterans Health Administration directive 2011004 (or directive of the same substance) with respect to the prohibition on ‘‘VA providers from completing forms seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a State marijuana program’’. 
point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. I haven’t seen the amendment yet. 
the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of Columbia have passed laws that provide legal access to medical marijuana in some form, and over 1 million patients now use medical marijuana to treat conditions ranging from seizures, anxiety, chronic pain, nausea associated with chemotherapy, and post traumatic stress at the recommendation of their physician. 
those jurisdictions; yet, according to Directive 2011–004, the Department of Veterans Affairs prohibits its medical 
brought by their patients seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a veteran’s participation in a State medical marijuana program. 
The amendment I am offering ensures that no funds made available to the VA can be used to implement this prohibition. The amendment will not encourage doctors or patients to recommend or use medical marijuana. It would not authorize the possession or use of marijuana at VA facilities. 
to have an honest conversation about treatment options and recommend medical marijuana in accordance with State law if they think it is appropriate. It would not force veterans to not work with their primary care provider. 
from Nevada, Congressman R OHRABACHER , and a series of other Members, some of whom you will hear from. 
American veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from PTSD and depression. They should not be forced outside the VA system to seek a simple recommendation about a treatment that might help them manage these conditions. 
from a marijuana overdose, we are watching veterans have prescriptions for opiates who suffer from PTSD, for example, more than others, and their suicide rate is high. There is real danger in not being able to provide balanced treatment. 
Our VA physicians should not be denied their First Amendment right to have an honest conversation about options and offer a recommendation they think could bring relief and wellbeing to a patient. Our veterans should not be treated as second class citizens in the States that permit medical marijuana. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw 
opposition to my friend’s amendment. We had a similar debate in the full committee just last week. The VA must comply with all Federal laws, including the Controlled Substances Act. 
such as marijuana, as having no currently accepted medical use. There are criminal penalties associated with the production, distribution, and possession of these drugs. 
deny veterans who participate in State marijuana programs from also participating in VA substance abuse or clinical programs. It simply prohibits VA clinicians from completing forms for 
their participation in such State programs or for providing or paying for marijuana authorized by a State program. 
State programs. They just cannot possess marijuana at VA facilities. Changing the VA directive does not change the DEA’s interpretation of Federal law on marijuana. 
cannot issue anything that could be construed as a prescription or endorsement of medical marijuana, so the amendment won’t change the situation for veterans unless the VA physicians are willing to risk prosecution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I move to 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment offered by Mr. BLUMENAUER . 
Deal signed legislation that immediately legalized the use of medical marijuana to treat serious medical conditions. Georgia became the 36th State, plus Washington, D.C., to legalize marijuana extracts to treat diseases. 
Veterans Health Administration in providing optimal pain care for our veterans. If medical marijuana is legal in the State, then the VA should be able to discuss that treatment option and allow the veteran to make his or her own choice. 
I believe that the VA’s published policy guidance related to the use of medical marijuana by veteran patients has become outdated. I believe supporting a veteran’s right to use alternative methods to deal with pain is the right thing to do. 
I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
the amendment because it said nothing about the doctor’s ability to issue a prescription for use of medical marijuana. This simply lifts a gag order. 
oath of office to do no harm. Their ability is to talk to patients. They can tell patients that there is medical marijuana available. They can also tell patients that you shouldn’t try it, you shouldn’t use it. 
What you want is just an honest dialogue. You want to give doctors their professional capability to have a discussion with the veteran. That is all this bill does. 
community. In 33 States, this is legal. When they walk in with admitted problems and they want medical attention, the doctor cannot have a thorough discussion with them. 
says, Let’s let these doctors be like the civilian doctors in the same offices in the same States, only maybe those civilian doctors can issue prescriptions where the veteran doctor can’t. 
chairman talked about of how this drug is listed, this is very limiting, so let’s lift the gag order. We owe it to our veterans to give them complete information when they ask for it, even if it means discussing medical marijuana. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am very proud to cosponsor with my colleagues. 
misguided VA policy that keeps our veterans from receiving the medicine that they need. To date, 23 States, the District of Columbia, and Guam have passed legislation allowing legal access to medical marijuana. 
saying that the Federal Government should respect states’ rights and the will of voters on this issue have passed the House with bipartisan support. 
of more than 70 percent of voters who support patient access to medical marijuana and is supported across party lines. 
being able to know what the options are. So many of our veterans are suffering from PTSD and other medical problems, and possibly, this would help in terms of relieving their pain and providing for the quality of life that they so deserve. 
the policy that keeps our veterans from receiving the medicine, counseling, and care they so deserve, and I hope we have an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. May I inquire of the chair how much time is remaining? 
shortchange our veterans if we don’t give them the opportunity to have every possible medical treatment that is out there. 
We know that certain States have legalized medical marijuana. In those States, our veterans deserve to have that as on option. To shortchange them would just be unconscionable, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT) has 31⁄2 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). 
the question we are discussing is simply whether Veterans Affairs physicians can recommend the use of marijuana or not recommend the use of marijuana to their patients. 
As Republicans, we supposedly believe in the doctorpatient relationship, but apparently, some of my colleagues believe that that relationship is not relevant when it comes to VA doctors and their patients, the patients who happen to be our Nation’s great heroes who went off to defend us in war. 
and women off to war, where their minds and bodies are broken, and then deny them the ability to obtain a medical recommendation from a legitimate VA doctor upon their return home. 
Why is it we have faith in the medical qualifications of Congress to determine the best medical practices rather than those people who are doctors in the Department of Veterans Affairs? 
I would submit that perhaps marijuana is a better option for some patients—and maybe not—but we should stop this heavyhanded, topdown approach and allow the Department of Veterans Affairs physicians and their patients to determine for themselves the best use and the best treatment that they would be able to have. 
rights. I thought we Republicans believed in the doctorpatient relationship. Either you do or you don’t. If you vote this down, you don’t believe in the doctorpatient relationship for our veterans, of all people. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I understand my colleagues are very sincere in their attempt. I am sympathetic to at least listening to the arguments for medicinal marijuana, but this discussion must be driven by the science. 
I would love to hear from the National Institutes of Health, Food and Drug Administration, and the medical community formally about their views on this issue prior to us legislating on this matter. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, as a veteran and a physician and someone who has treated veterans, I appreciate the sacrifice our men and women in uniform have made and our duty to give them the best possible care. 
science, not promise, not hope, not conjecture, not politics, not as part of an agenda, but real science. 
for good science and we should wait to hear from the experts. We don’t need to 
wait. We have heard. Dr. Nora Volkow, the head of the National Institute on Drug Abuse at the NIH, says medical marijuana, in the current state of medical knowledge, is not a good idea. 
There just isn’t very good science behind what it works for and what it doesn’t; so I agree, when good science is in hand, let’s give doctors carte blanche to discuss that. That science isn’t available. 
bill does nothing to advance the knowledge of science on this issue because it doesn’t say we are going to sign veterans up for research so they can help other veterans answer the question of whether or not it helps. 
doesn’t make it easier for them to enlist in research protocols to address the scientific questions. Now, the chairman of the subcommittee asked, Well, we should hear from the FDA; we should hear from DEA. 
medical marijuana is not scientifically based at this time. I have offered this to the Members, but the author of the amendment and I have been to the NIH. He knows my interest in getting to the bottom of what works and what doesn’t. 
doing our veterans a service. We could. If we asked to engage in more scientific research, we could do them a service. If this amendment, in fact, encouraged in any way, shape, or form further research on what works and what doesn’t, we could be doing them a service. 
doesn’t; and that is why I oppose this effort—not helping our veterans, but this specific effort. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
minute remaining. The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) has 1 
balance of my time to the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana, Dr. FLEMING . 
As a practicing physician and a veteran myself, the way we approach health care is not to just allow any healthcare provider to do whatever he or she wants to do at the time. That is simply not the way health care works. 
of PTSD, which is one of the worst problems that we are dealing with today among veterans. 
year? Smoking pot increases psychotic episodes by a factor of two to four times normal. The conversion to schizophrenia, a permanent mental disorder, is enhanced by pot by a factor of two— double. Why in the world would we give a 
drug that is addictive, that is prohibited under schedule I, that is not accepted for any specific mental disease or disorder and enhances psychosis and schizophrenia, why are we going to give that to our veterans, especially those with PTSD? That is just absolutely insane. 
just PTSD that medical marijuana is used for. There is a whole host of other conditions that were available. 
has left the station. A million Americans have a legal right to use medical marijuana, and they do so. You want to treat veterans differently. 
near as addictive as what is happening to our veterans right now. Veterans seen by agency doctors are dying from prescription drug overdoses nearly twice the national average. 
marijuana; and the VA doctors prescribe significantly more opiates, which are highly addictive, to patients with PTSD and depression than other veterans, even though those people suffering those conditions are more at risk of overdose and suicide. 
to do more research; I have work coming forward, but, in the meantime, don’t treat these veterans as second class citizens. 
If you want to be concerned, be concerned about the explosion of addictive drugs that are being prescribed to people who we should be giving more care. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out the Appraised Value Offer program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VA’s abused Appraised Value Offer Program so that these funds can be used to better serve the needs of our Nation’s veterans, rather than VA bureaucrats. 
The VA spent nearly $300,000 of taxpayer money to move a VA employee 140 miles, specifically from Washington, D.C., to Philadelphia. That is $300,000 that could have been used to care for numerous deserving veterans who have served this Nation in uniform, but instead was spent to move someone 140 miles. 
Affairs Committee, the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General is investigating this abuse, and here is what we have learned so far. 
Offer Program, the VA paid more than $80,000 to one of its government employees and $211,000 to a Federal contractor that was tasked with selling that employee’s home. 
to meet the medical needs of our veterans, it is unconscionable that the VA would waste $300,000 in taxpayer money to move someone 140 miles. 
disturbing example of the lack of transparency and accountability at the VA. The folks at the VA are already under scrutiny for their shocking failure to properly care for veterans, and now, to spend $300,000 on this is absolutely abusive. Clearly, the VA cannot be trusted to exercise common sense with this program, and it is time to end it. 
a decorated Navy SEAL, I am deeply frustrated with the abuse and mismanagement at the VA. Our veterans must be the VA’s first priority, not its bureaucrats. 
I would like to thank House Veterans’ Affairs Committee Chairman JEFFMILLER for shedding light on this 
important issue and holding the VA accountable for failing to put veterans first. 
amendment and to end this outrageous abuse within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Mr. DENT. I just wanted to state I do 
not object to the gentleman’s amendment. He raised the Philadelphia issue. I am very much aware of it and certainly concerned about it, and I understand the purpose. 
Appraised Value Offer Program, when a valued employee would otherwise stand to lose thousands in the sale of a house to move at the request of their employing agency. But sometimes the cost of the program seems a little excessive, in my view. 
the language to make sure that we aren’t jeopardizing VA’s efforts to move talented staff to areas where 
they are needed. But as I said, I do not object to the amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
shall be subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
Chair, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Clerk continued to read. Ms. ADAMS (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we dispense with the reading. 
to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the need for better access to resources and services for our veterans and military families. 
The U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs and other Federal agencies are providing a vast array of services and resources that our heroes deserve, but the Federal Government alone is not able to address every challenge our servicemen and women and their families are facing and will face in years to 
come. Many community providers and local governments are starting their own initiatives to assist veterans in applying for benefits with VA and other organizations. 
12th Congressional District of North Carolina, it is important that communitybased groups work collaboratively with local, State, and Federal Government service providers so that recipients know where all of these different benefits and resources are and how to access them. 
we are holding service providers accountable and that performance measures are in place. 
assist with establishing and expanding technology systems at the local and State level to create a more unified network of veteran services. These networks would include private, public, and nonprofit partners who are qualified to serve veterans and their families. 
grant program that has not yet been authorized by law, and will be subject to a point of order. 
House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and with the Appropriations Committee to make this funding a reality for our community providers in the future. 
The veterans in my district, in Mecklenburg, Cabarrus, Rowan, Davidson, Forsyth, and Guilford Counties, have noted that they have difficulties finding and accessing the services that are available to them and their families. 
come home from serving overseas, Congress must support innovation and local solutions to providing services for our Nation’s veterans. 
I thank the chairman and the ranking member for allowing me to present my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to pay a performance award under section 5384 of title 5, United States Code. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to stand with our Nation’s veterans and their families. We owe these 
a debt that can never be repaid. When our Nation called, they answered. Our veterans served bravely in theaters around the world, kept us safe, and helped to spread American values and the freedoms that we hold dear. 
Our veterans made unimaginable sacrifices to their health, to their well being, and to their families. They fulfilled their commitment to our great Nation, and we must now uphold the commitments we made to them. It is for that reason that I rise in strong support of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act under consideration today. It is also why this amendment is so important. 
this amendment with the same simple message: VA senior executives need to take responsibility, fix the problems, and do their jobs. As public servants, these senior executives have a solemn obligation to ensure that veterans receive the respect, support, and care that they have earned. 
survey of the tremendous investigative work that Chairman MILLER , Congressman M IKECOFFMAN , and the rest of my 
colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee have been doing to see that, despite our efforts to reform and improve the agency culture at the VA, little to nothing has changed. 
Pennsylvania and across the country. Veterans still have difficulty accessing care, claims and appeals are still backlogged, whistleblowers are still being retaliated against, and reckless, wasteful spending has reached new levels. 
Pennsylvania, the inspector general recently conducted an investigation at the Philadelphia regional office after receiving numerous complaints that there was data manipulation and that management was mistreating and retaliating against staff. The IG confirmed a number of these allegations and found tens of thousands of unanswered veteran inquiries. 
VA Hospital project in Aurora, Colorado. Over a decade ago, veterans in Denver were promised a new medical facility; yet, due to gross mismanagement, the project is well behind schedule and is now going to cost taxpayers more than $1 billion over budget. 
has publicly recognized many of his Department’s failings, has spoken of increased transparency and accountability, and acknowledges that a wholesale culture change will be necessary. But this transformation has not yet occurred, and accountability is certainly still lacking. 
To date, only a few of the senior executives who have been found responsible for the misconduct at the VA 
have actually been terminated. Some have been placed on extended paid leave, some reassigned, while others have been promoted. In fiscal year 2013, the VA shelled out 
some $2.8 million in bonuses solely to its executives, an increase from the previous year, when the agency paid out $2.3 million. 
I have always maintained that taxpayerfunded bonuses to senior executives of an organization with this sort of abysmal performance record are ridiculous. These dollars would be better spent providing our veterans with the firstrate service and care they rightly deserve. 
amendment again this year, to direct that none of the funds appropriated may be used to pay for senior executive bonuses. The amendment was adopted the last 2 years and was included in bills that passed out of this Chamber with wide bipartisan support. 
role to play in reforming the VA. We need to continue our oversight activities and pass the sorts of reforms that are included in bills brought to the floor by Chairman MILLER and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. However, while we do that, we also need to ensure that not a single dime is spent on paying bonuses to senior executives until the problems at the VA are fixed. 
I would like to thank Chairman MILLER and Congressmen F ITZPATRICK , 
KELLY , T IPTON , C RAWFORD , and 
stand with our Nation’s veterans and support increased transparency. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ROTHFUS. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I just want to say I rise in 
amendments relating to the VA performance bonus awards. The gentleman’s amendment is the most comprehensive, and I would encourage other Members to join with Mr. ROTHFUS rather than offer their own 
by the behavior of some VA employees and the consequences for veterans’ health and wellbeing resulting from incompetence, deceit, and deception. A ban on all senior executive service performance bonuses is a needed wakeup call to the VA bureaucracy which, as we have seen, needs to change its culture to ensure veterans’ needs are their top priority. 
I support the amendment. Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chairman. 
Just last year, the House voted unanimously to strip out funding for bonuses to Senior Executive Service employees at the VA because we were appalled by the heinous treatment of our veterans. And even though I opposed the legislation, later, both Chambers voted to reinstate many of these bonuses. Some of these executives are the very people who contributed to the plight of our VA hospitals. 
We can’t allow this negligent behavior to continue to impact the care of those who sacrificed so much on behalf of our Nation’s security. In fact, no award should be reinstated until significant improvements are made toward transparency. 
home State of Arkansas, $8 million of Federal funds were used to build solar panels in a VA parking lot. But those panels have sat unplugged and inoperable for years, and now some of the panels are being torn down in order to make room for a parking garage that they knew in advance was coming, and yet they spent that money recklessly on another project. This is exactly the type of poor planning and behavior that shouldn’t be rewarded, even though it has been. 
Federal funds in the MILCONVA Appropriations Act are used to pay performance awards to VA senior officials. I encourage its passage. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, we are all outraged with regard to the claims backlog and the incidences of poor quality health services and safety. The current claims backlog is unacceptable. 
struggled to successfully deliver one of its key missions: to provide timely ratings of disabilities. However, the VA has reduced the backlog by 44 percent. 
Should we ignore that? It is also clear that some VA health 
facilities have had serious issues that put the health, safety, and wellbeing of our veterans at risk. This, too, is unacceptable. Where these failures have occurred, it is hard to imagine how VA leaders of these facilities could have received high performance ratings and substantial bonuses. 
provide any solution in the shortterm and, in fact, may have longterm consequences and compound the very problems that it attempts to address. This amendment would make the VA a less attractive option than other agencies when it comes to recruiting and retaining quality executive leaders, and it will not have the very talent that it needs to solve the problems that it faces today, like the claims backlog and the healthcare deficiencies. 
are governed by title 5 of the United States Code and administered by the Office of Personnel Management. Any change to title 5 to address VA would then also apply to all other Federal agencies. 
board, onesizefitsall fix will penalize those dedicated VA executives who are working hard and well to find solutions to the VA’s problems. This is nonsense. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act for benefits for homeless veterans and training and outreach programs may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of subchapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee again for the work, and I raise again a picture of three ladies who look attractive in this picture. 
are homeless vets. These are vets who bonded with each other in a homeless shelter. 
progress on providing services for homeless vets. But I want to emphasize, through this amendment, that we will continue to raise and focus on the needs of homeless vets. 
because I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the Nation’s highest priorities. I would like this bill to have it as its highest priority. 
veteran population is on the rise in the United States. We must be proactive in giving back to those who have given us so much. 
done an enormous job, has made great strides in bringing down the numbers of homeless vets, for those that they bring down, then, for some reason— whether it is the loss of a job or medical issues—vets are becoming homeless every day. 
of our obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding the program for Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing and, as well, to be able to ensure those centers are there for our veterans. 
Today in our country, we have mentioned the numbers of veterans that exist: 100,000 veterans, male and female, are homeless; 200,000 experience homelessness. In my hometown of Houston, for example, between the years of 2010 and 2012, the number of homeless vets increased from 771 to 1,162. 
Houston that has worked on their Homeless Veterans Project; the George Hotel that has worked on the Homeless Veterans Project; many other veteran organizations; U.S.VETS, who has worked on the Homeless Veterans Project; and a grant that came some years ago to the Houston Housing Authority to work on the Homeless Veterans Project. 
But this amendment is to, again, establish in this important legislation the idea that we must fight for our veterans, and we must ensure that every year, we take the temperature of the Nation’s homeless vets, the temperature that says, if it is high, the numbers have been going up; if it is low, we are doing our job because the numbers of homeless vets are going down. 
deal with our vets, and particularly in my district, St. John’s United Methodist Church for the work they have done, along with many other entities that believe that cutting the numbers of homeless vets should be the end. 
gentlelady know that we support the amendment, which was accepted last year. I know the gentlelady is offering it to reaffirm the congressional obligation to provide veterans the assistance they need to avoid homelessness. 
I accept the amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Reclaiming my 
time, let me thank the chairman. With that, I thank my colleagues and ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to end homelessness for our veterans here in America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, none of the 
funds made available by this Act for the Department of Veteran Affairs—Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Outreach Programs may be used in contravention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code 
rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. 
Ranking Member B ISHOP for their hard work in 
I offer the Jackson Lee Amendment because I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest priorities. 
population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to 
obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Veterans Administration Supportive Housing VASH) that provide casemanagement services, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran homelessness. 
supportive housing program for disabled Veterans experiencing homelessness in which VA medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. 
services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. 
Today, in our country, there are approximately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. 
homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. 
between the years 2010 and 2012, the number of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. 
fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. 
home to every night is the very least we can do. 
Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have succeeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. 
I have seen the impact of such grants in my 
home state of Texas, and within my congressional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. 
Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to affordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. 
Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of homelessness continue. 
Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ROE OF  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
funds provided by this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—General Administration’’ may be used for the Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, and the amount otherwise provided under such heading is hereby reduced by $1,500,000. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I am offering this amendment that would cut $1.5 million from the budget of the VA’s Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, or OCLA. The OCLA is tasked with being the liaison between Congress and the VA. It is their job to provide information to Congress to help with casework and basic information. 
after the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’ investigation into the largest scandal in VA history continues, it is still the perception that the VA will do everything in its power to withhold information to prevent negative news from being made public. Unfortunately, as many veterans can tell you, timeliness is not a word the VA understands or cares to learn. 
In VA’s budget submission, they assert: ‘‘The mission of OCLA is to improve the lives of veterans and their families by advancing proveteran legislation and maintaining responsive and effective communications with Congress.’’ 
As of April 24, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs had 78 outstanding requests for information with OCLA, and over half of these have been pending for over 60 days. On average, it is now taking the OCLA 69 days to respond to the committee’s requests. There is one that dates back all the way to 2012. These numbers do not reflect responsive or effective communications. What is even more disappointing is that the requests have gone unanswered despite the fact that the OCLA’s budget has gone up by 36 percent since fiscal year 2009. 
Federal Government, such as the Office of General Counsel, the Office of Management and Budget, and in some cases, the President’s own staff may be delaying Congress’ requests for months. However, OCLA is chartered with being Congress’ connection to the rest of the VA, and, as such, they bear the burden of these untimely responses. 
The current delays in getting information to Congress is not a new phenomenon, as the VA Committee has now held three separate hearings that have exposed VA’s lack of transparency to Congress and showed that even when 
we do receive information we have requested, it is so old or so heavily redacted that it is basically useless. 
These requests are critically important to Congress’ role in providing meaningful oversight over the second largest agency in the Federal Government. It is our duty to be a strong check on the executive branch. While Secretary McDonald is trying everything he can to change the culture at the VA, Congress must send a message that providing answers to our questions 69 days after we have requested it is simply unacceptable to us, unacceptable to the taxpayers, and, most importantly, it is unacceptable to the veterans. Passage of this amendment would send that message. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I yield to the 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. 
I certainly share Dr. ROE’s frustration with the VA Congressional and Legislative Affairs Office stalling the delivery of important information Congress has requested to fulfill its oversight responsibilities. 
that office act with lightning speed was in its delivery to all Members of the House last week in an inaccurate and critical portrayal of this appropriations bill. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) to speak 
Chairman, I rise today in support of Dr. ROE’s amendment to address the 
lack of accountability and transparency at the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Congressional and Legislative Affairs. 
mentioned, OCLA is meant to serve as a bridge between Congress and the VA to help facilitate access to information that we, as a legislative body, request in our oversight role. 
member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee all of 4 months, it is clear that more transparency is needed. 
Let me give you a clear example of a 
pending request, an unusually long unfulfilled request that is still outstanding. Back in December, as part of the committee’s continued investigation into malfeasance at the Philadelphia RO, the committee requested copies of all EEO complaints and MSBP files that have been filed at this location since 2008. 
files were in boxes and ready to be shipped to Washington, D.C., for our review. It is now 5 months later, and after numerous requests, we have only received a few of the files we requested. The inability of the VA to provide 
these documents is mindboggling. I don’t know how else to describe it. 
The bottom line is: ignoring reasonable, relevant requests is unacceptable. There has to be accountability. This amendment does that. It does not impact or diminish in any way the treatment and care of our veterans. I urge adoption of Dr. ROE’s amendment to 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I claim the 
think that the concerns raised by the gentleman in offering the amendment are perhaps well taken from time to time. But I think this amendment is punitive. I think it is counterproductive. And I think it is going to make it much more difficult to get the results that the gentleman is seeking. 
amendment should be defeated. It is a bad amendment. And I think it would be bad for morale for the Department. And I think it would be bad generally for the public. I urge opposition and a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE). 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in this Act may be used to withhold any report of an Inspector General from any member of Congress in any case where the member of Congress has requested that such report be provided. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
consent. I don’t know which amendment we are talking about here. 
The Clerk continued to read. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I thank Subcommittee Chairman D ENTand Ranking Member B ISHOP for all of their 
This amendment is a simple amendment to make sure that Members of Congress have access to inspector general reports, should they request one. 
when there was a bipartisan field hearing in Tomah, Wisconsin, regarding the Tomah VA facility. 
The Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General had a report regarding the overprescription of opiates resulting in multiple deaths in the area. And in this case, the VA Office of Inspector General completed a report that uncovered these practices, and they gave the recommendations to the local and regional manager. However, the report and these recommendations were never reported to the Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald, any congressional committees of jurisdiction, or the public, as the report was administratively closed. What is more, the initial report was requested by a Member of the House of Representatives, and the VA Office of Inspector General failed to even provide the completed report to the Member of Congress. 
had to do a Freedom of Information request, a very unusual request, in order to get a copy of that report. Instead, it was left largely to local facilities to implement the recommended changes without any oversight from the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs or from the Members of Congress who had specifically requested that report. It is all about sunlight. I think we function better if we could have that information. And we should make sure that those reports are available to every Member of Congress. This amendment would simply make sure that no funds can be expended in withholding a report, as this report was in the State of Wisconsin. 
point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair will rule. As the Chair ruled on an analogous 
amendment on June 13, 2011, this amendment includes language requiring a new determination by the relevant executive branch official of the current membership of a body in the legislative branch. The amendment, 
therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to end, suspend, or relocate hospitalbased services with respect to a health care facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that is— 
statement in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from South Dakota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, the Department of Veterans Affairs is entrusted with the protection of a multitude of historic facilities. As I noted last year during debate on the VA’s budget, the National Trust for Historic Preservation has found serious deficiencies in the manner in which the VA operates these facilities. 
medical facilities, are more important than ever. We are seeing thousands of veterans returning home after fighting in conflicts abroad, many suffering from chronic servicerelated injuries. The last thing we want to do is to force these veterans to travel hundreds of miles to receive treatment, as is often the case in rural States like South Dakota. 
facilities is directly connected to our veterans’ health, and this amendment would prohibit the VA from curtailing healthcare services at the historic facilities located in rural areas. 
for all of their assistance on this amendment, and I urge everyone’s support for this amendment as well. 
the South Dakota delegation has been struggling with the VA’s determination to move services out of historic facilities into a new geographic area. We had language in last year’s bill forcing the VA to do a full analysis of the consequences of the facility moving. 
appreciate those words of support. It certainly is important to the veterans 
in our State and in many States across the country that often find it very difficult to travel to local VA facilities, but now, with the closure of some of these facilities, they would have to travel hundreds of miles. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, hopefully, the second time is the charm. This is an amendment on behalf of myself, Representative ELLISON , and the 
dollars from going to companies that have recent wage theft convictions or civil penalties reported in the government’s contracting database. 
ever have to worry that their employer will refuse to pay his or her work, overtime, or take money out of their paycheck, especially if they work for a Federal contractor. 
had previous contracts, it is not a right, but an earned responsibility and privilege to have these contracts, and any employer that would do wage theft—which is considered to pay less than the minimum wage, to be shorting someone their hours, being forced to work off the clock, not being paid overtime, or not being paid at all— should not be able to get these Federal contracts. 
Project survey found that 21 percent of Federal contract workers were not paid overtime, and 11 percent have been forced to work off the clock. Eighteen Federal contractors were recipients of one of the largest 100 penalties issued 
Administration of the Department of Labor between 2007 and 2012, and almost half of the total initial penalty dollars assessed for OSHA violations were against companies holding Federal contracts in 2012. 
Overall, 49 Federal contractors responsible for large violations of Federal labor laws were cited for 1,776 separate violations of these laws and paid $196 million in penalties and assessments; yet, just in fiscal year 2012, these same companies were awarded $81 billion in taxpayer dollars. 
the other way when Federal contractors take advantage of their employees. Those who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act deserve more than a slap on the wrist; they don’t deserve to do business with the government anymore. Those contractors who engage in wage theft should not be rewarded with contracts to do business with the Federal Government. 
This was included in last year’s appropriation. We would appreciate consideration again in this year’s appropriation, to make sure that we are protecting the workers for these Federal contractors. 
some concerns with this amendment. As I read it, it appears to be a ‘‘one strike and you are out’’ type amendment. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chairman. I appreciate the concern that my colleague has on this issue. I know it is sincere. I think there is every one in this Chamber that has concerns that our laborers, our employees, and individual citizens be treated fairly and treated with respect, safety, and all of the rest by their employers. 
actors who deny workers basic protections, including wage and overtime pay, shouldn’t be rewarded with government contracts funded by taxpayer dollars. That is a given. 
process already in place under current law. If an employer has a history of bad behavior, Federal agencies know about it and have the authority to deny that employer Federal contracts. My question is: Has anyone suggested the current process isn’t working? I don’t believe so, Mr. Chairman. 
Earlier this year, we held a joint subcommittee hearing, in fact, on this issue in relation to the President’s executive order that functions to blacklist Federal contractors for alleged Federal and State labor law violations, including the FLSA. The committee received a substantial load of evidence regarding the inherent flaws of the President’s executive order, which, like this amendment, supersedes agencies’ current authority to exclude problematic contractors, causing significant delays and disruption to the Federal procurement system. 
the aisle that the FLSA is the cornerstone of workers’ wage and hour protections, but in many ways, the regulations implementing the law are flawed and outdated. 
consideration with the President, with the administration, the Department of Labor, both sides of the aisle, to look at reforming and fixing the Fair Labor Standards Act that has been in place an awful long time before present practices and doesn’t fit with the 21st century workplace. 
A report by the Government Accountability Office found that litigation stemming from FLSA claims continues to be a significant problem. These aren’t all from bad actors, but in many cases, it comes—if not most cases—from an employer trying to keep up with present law, present functions, and present regulations that don’t even fit with FLSA. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to reject this amendment. We have in place opportunities now that can and should be used. We even have instances where the Labor Department has violated, and, under this amendment that is being offered, they would be held at risk as well. 
It is not an amendment that is needed; it is an amendment that will disrupt the process, and it is an amendment that will not move us forward and really make changes with FLSA that can and should be made. 
I urge rejection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
just like to say I agree with the gentleman. I was at the hearing, and I heard the conversation that was there. The difference we had is that the hearing—I understand there was a disagreement with the executive order, but I would hate for us to confuse the disagreement with the executive order with the action that we can do here in Congress. 
the appropriations bill, the exact same language, to the best of my understanding; and I know that, since then, there has been an executive order that we are trying to have a conversation with the executive branch about. 
However, it is not fair to the contractors who abide by the law that, when you bid against someone who doesn’t abide by the law because they are shortchanging their employees, that makes it an unfair practice. 
should be protecting those good contractors; we should be protecting the employees who don’t get their fair pay; 
and, despite any disagreement we might have with the executive branch, I think we should, at minimum, as a Congress, stand up for those workers and for those good contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I have been in business for 28 years as a smallbusiness owner. I know that, when I bid on something, I want to know I am at a fair and even playing field. 
field when you have this number of people who are getting violations who already get Federal contracts and are really getting a slap on the hand, $196 million in penalties versus 81 billion in taxpayer dollars in contracts awarded. 
that becomes a cost to business for a bad company, but you are punishing the good companies and the good workers by doing that. 
support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I do have concerns about the amendment. There is an agreement on both sides of the aisle that the FLSA is the cornerstone of workers’ wage and hour protections, but in many ways, the regulations implementing the law are flawed and outdated. A report by the GAO found that litigation stemming from the FLSA claims continue to be a significant problem. 
they are employers trying to do the right thing, but are simply tripped up by an overly complex regulatory structure. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and a 
hard work on behalf of the 57,000 veterans in my district and on behalf of veterans and servicemembers across the country. 
amendment, one which would simply prohibit any funds made available in this act from being used to propose or execute a new or additional round of BRAC. 
Mr. Chairman, I am honored to represent the Fourth Congressional District of Texas, home to the Red River Army Depot. The depot has supported the warfighters since 1941. Although the depot community has weathered many changes over the years, their commitment to mission remains the same. It is reflected on the placard placed in each of the vehicles there which reads, ‘‘We build it as if our lives depend on it. Theirs do.’’ 
job creator in northeast Texas, and it is a critical component of our national defense. 
Mr. Chairman, in this fiscal environment, we need to be careful stewards of taxpayer dollars and focus our limited resources on addressing critical national security objectives and military readiness. Having another round of BRAC won’t help us achieve this goal. 
In fact, the Government Accountability Office reports that the last round of BRAC in 2005 cost the American taxpayers $35.1 billion, which was 67 percent more than the original cost estimate. 
At the same time, the expected savings from the last round of BRAC were 73 percent less than was advertised. Starting another round of BRAC would weaken our capabilities and increase our vulnerability in the face of the critical threats facing our Nation. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. I want to let the gentleman know I support the amendment. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the gentleman. I would like to yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). 
since January, when I led a bipartisan letter urging thenDefense Secretary Hagel to not call for another round of base closures. But a BRAC was included in the President’s budget, and here we are today. 
Texas, I am bringing this amendment and fighting against BRAC for two reasons: 
was mentioned, the 2005 BRAC was supposed to cost $21 billion. Just a few 
years later, it has now skyrocketed to $35 billion. On top of that, the savings were reduced by 73 percent. So it cost the taxpayers more and saved them less. Once more, the Department of Defense won’t even recoup its upfront costs until 2018, 13 years after it started. 
it destroys local economies. I know this all too well as Fort Monmouth in my home State was shuttered in 2005. That area is still recovering from the loss. 
McGuireDixLakehurst, which is responsible for 105,000 local jobs in southern New Jersey. It is a $7 billion impact on just one local community. Like so many other military bases around the country, it is the backbone of our community. If it is closed, the area would be devastated. 
local economies, and reducing our military capability should not be done based on what we know today. In closing, I urge passage of this amendment. 
he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
am proud to cosponsor this amendment alongside my colleague from Texas, the honorable JOHNRATCLIFFE , and my colleague from New Jersey, the Honorable TOMMACARTHUR . 
the taxpayer dollars and hurts local economies just doesn’t make sense, especially when the same action negatively impacts national security. But that is precisely what another round of base realignment and closures would 
near Del Rio, Texas, in the 23rd Congressional District of Texas, is responsible for training more Air Force pilots than any other base in the world. It is an integral component of our Nation’s military readiness, and they are a vital part of Del Rio’s economy and community. Yet every year they wait to see if the powers that be up here have decided in their infinite wisdom to put Laughlin Air Force Base back on the chopping block, devastating Del Rio and endangering our Nation’s air superiority. 
this amendment, which will prohibit funds from being used to propose, plan, or execute another round of BRAC closures. Protecting our military readiness in communities such as Del Rio is vital. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading of the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is identical to other amendments that were inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill that was considered under an open rule during the 113th Congress. My amendment expands the list of parties with whom the Federal Government is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of subtitle D of title VIII of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
one thing we can all agree on is our veterans deserve better. For far too long, our Nation’s veterans have failed to receive the health care they have earned and the health care they have needed. 
One of the reasons is due to the VA’s 
inability to join the 21st century when it comes to information technology. Something as simple as allowing a veteran’s medical records to be available digitally to their health care providers shouldn’t be something beyond the capabilities of the greatest Nation in the world. 
My amendment ensures the Department of Veterans Affairs and their chief information officer will take the appropriate steps and get the VA moving in the right direction. It will create accountability with their acquisition and use of information technology. 
the VA is using the right technology to ensure that our veterans are getting timely, quality care. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay an award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, to any employee of the Office of Construction and Facilities Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I am offering an amendment that would prevent bonuses from being awarded to the Office of Construction & Facilities Management, the branch of the Department of Veterans Affairs in charge of all construction projects costing more than $10 million and which is perhaps the least deserving of performance bonuses in the entire agency. 
In January, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee held a hearing to examine the enormous shortcomings of this office. We found that construction of a VA hospital in Denver—Aurora, to be specific—is projected to outpace the budget by $1 billion. This project that started supposedly in 2010 was supposed to be completed in 2013. The original budget was $600 million, with a $10 million change order. Now they estimate the completion date is 2017. Mr. Chairman, the Romans built the 
Colosseum in 8 years, and I don’t think they were $1 billion over budget. That is $1,700 a square foot to build this hospital. Can you imagine how many veterans the VA could have treated with $1 billion. That is 1,000 million dollars. 
have been hired with $1 billion that the VA’s Office of Construction & Facilities Management has set fire to? The answer is: a lot. 
it, that would be fine, but it is not an isolated incident. 
In Orlando, a hospital project initially estimated to cost $254 million is almost 5 years behind schedule and projected to be $372 million over budget. That is 143 percent overrun. 
being built to replace a VA facility lost to Hurricane Katrina was initially estimated to cost $625 million and is just over halfway completed, running 66 percent over budget at a cost of a whopping $1.035 billion. 
projected to cost $325 million is almost complete after being delayed for more than 7 years, coming in $260 million over budget. 
These four projects alone have wasted billions of dollars of taxpayer money and delayed the delivery of health care to veterans for almost 14 years. 
expect, the VA really has no business being in the construction industry. My friend, Congressman COFFMAN , who 
chairs the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee and represents the Denver area, has introduced legislation that would allow construction to continue at Denver while placing the responsibility of any further future VA construction projects over $10 million in the hands of the Army Corps of Engineers, who have a great track record, I might add. 
I hope that we are able to consider an 
up this mess once and for all. But in the interim, it is critical that we send a message to this office that business as usual can’t be tolerated. 
cost overruns and delays should not have jobs in the construction realm, much less receive performance bonuses. This amendment would see that the taxpayer does not pay for performance bonuses to an office that has caused more harm than good. 
Mr. Chairman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I think we are all very, very disturbed by what has happened with Denver, and we are also disturbed about the practices of the construction office. But I just wanted to take this opportunity to maybe kind of clarify what 
has happened in response to try to mitigate the situation. 
Gibson announced the restructuring of the Office of Construction & Facilities Management, having them report directly to the Deputy Secretary through the Office of Management. 
The VA also initiated an administrative investigative board in January to find the truth and to document the misconduct on the project. Secretary Gibson has included the VA Office of General Counsel in the review, and the administrative investigative board is expected to complete its review and make recommendations to the Deputy Secretary this month. 
Additionally, the U.S. Corps of Engineers is conducting a separate review of the VA’s Construction office to evaluate the structure and the processes so that changes can be made in the future. 
to be set straight that everyone is disgusted with the way that these projects have been handled and that we are taking steps, and the Department is taking steps, to make sure that this bad situation is corrected. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
I would say—and I agree with that; I am on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee—I have been involved personally in four hospitals being built in my hometown. All came in on time, under budget. 
lending you money, they will stop you from going this much over budget. That is exactly what we didn’t have here. I cannot imagine spending $1 billion more to build a facility and then maybe offering someone a bonus. 
in right now, but right now I think— and I appreciate the gentleman not objecting to this amendment—we need to make sure this never happens again to waste the taxpayers’ money. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a member of an Amputee Clinic Team (as described in VHA Handbook 1173.3, ‘‘Amputee Clinic Teams and Artificial Limbs’’, dated June 4, 2004) and who is not credentialed in accordance with VHA Directive 2012030, ‘‘Credentialing of Health Care Professionals’’, issued on October 11, 2012. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today in support of my amendment, which would help ensure that VA orthotists and prosthetists, who are responsible for caring for our veterans, are fully qualified and are able to perform the duties entrusted to them. 
Columbus, Ohio, ran a story exposing flaws at the Chalmers P. Wylie VA Ambulatory Care Center, which serves constituents from my district. The story revealed that dozens of veterans—and possibly many more—who have not come forward had received ineffective care by uncertified prosthetists. One veteran was even told that his fitting was supposed to be painful. After several unsuccessful visits, he turned to a nonVA provider, Willow Wood, which is near Columbus, Ohio, where he was immediately provided with a successful, painfree fitting. 
credentialing directive, which is VA directive 2012–030. Mr. Chairman, I will soon be introducing comprehensive legislation to address this issue, but in the meantime, this amendment would force the VA to honor its word by ensuring that no salaries are paid to uncertified prosthetists and orthotists. Our veterans have made tremendous sacrifices for our country, and they deserve the best. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. DENT. I support the amendment. Mr. STIVERS. That was easy. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to transfer any funds from the Veterans Choice Fund established by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802). 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an important clarifying amendment that will help ensure our Nation’s veterans have the choices 
Last year, Congress passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act. In addition to many important reforms, this bill created a VA Choice Card program. Under the law, veterans who are experiencing wait times of more than 30 days or who live more than 40 miles from a VA facility can seek private care. This was great news for veterans all across the Nation who had been stuck in a backlog or who lived a significant distance from a VA clinic. Like many of my colleagues, I praised this legislation as a major step forward. Unfortunately, due to a selfserving interpretation, the VA has put up barriers that restrict veterans’ access to private care. 
requirement in a straight line, or as the crow flies, instead of calculating based on driving distance. After much pushback from veterans’ organizations and from Members of Congress, the VA recently changed the interpretation to driving distance. I applaud the VA for making that change. However, the VA is still misinterpreting the law. The VA says, if a veteran lives 40 miles from a VA facility of any kind regardless of what services are offered, then he is not eligible for private care. My district paints a good picture of why this is problematic. 
Mobile that only provides minimal services, but the VA claims that, since that clinic is there, our veterans cannot seek private care even if the services they need are not provided by the local clinic. That is especially frustrating because Mobile is home to a number of large, first class hospitals which could provide adequate care to our veterans. For example, if a veteran needed orthopedic surgery, he would be forced to travel to Pensacola or to Biloxi to seek that care even though he could get that surgery done right in his hometown. That is not how the legislation was intended to work. 
Recently, VA Secretary Bob McDonald asked Congress for the ability to shift money away from the VA Choice Card program into other accounts. I am disappointed that the Secretary would already be giving up on this program while it is still in its infancy. It is even more frustrating considering that one of the biggest obstacles to the program’s success is the VA’s own self serving interpretation. My simple amendment would clarify that the VA cannot move money out of the Choice Program account. We need to give this program time to work and allow veterans access to private care instead of forcing them to travel hundreds of miles out of the way to receive care. 
standalone legislation, which is supported by Republicans and Democrats from 15 different States, that would correct the VA’s interpretation and make clear that veterans are eligible for private care when they live more 
than 40 miles from a VA facility that provides the care the veterans need. 
act on this commonsense bill. Today, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Let’s prevent the VA from transferring funds away from the Choice Card program, and let’s work together to give our veterans the choices they need and deserve when seeking medical treatment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Veterans Benefit Administration known as Fast Letter 1310, issued on May 20, 2013; or 
keeping system other than those currently approved by the Department of Veterans Affairs Central Office in Washington, D.C. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in the midst of the explosive allegations about the Phoenix VA’s keeping secondary unofficial records of claims and appointment requests, I offered a similar amendment that passed this body which prohibited funds from being used to create or to maintain unofficial recordkeeping systems at the Department of Veterans Affairs. This year, I am proud, once again, to offer this commonsense policy with the support of my friend and colleague from Georgia. 
As many of you know, several whistleblowers came forward with allegations that the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Healthcare System had been using secondary unofficial records of veterans claims and appointment requests to misrepresent the actual wait times that veterans faced as they sought health care. Some employees within the VA even received bonuses as a result of these manipulations. It is unfortunate that, over the past year, many of these once unthinkable allegations have become substantiated. 
Recently, an inspector general’s investigation uncovered actual memos from VA leadership that encouraged this type of behavior. This is outrageous. The memo I speak of is known as the ‘‘Fast Letter 13–10,’’ and it was handed down directly from the Office of the Director of Veterans Benefits Administration to the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. 
I am appalled but not totally surprised to learn of this memo. I have 
said this before, but it is sad that we 
have to pass amendments to prevent this type of behavior. When government bureaucrats don’t use good judgment or common sense, Congress must address these issues. No matter what the investigation shows and no matter who was involved, this practice must be prevented in the future. 
practice of altering or falsifying veterans waittime data pursuant to the Fast Letter or any other purpose. We should have only one, uniform patient recordkeeping system within the VA in order to provide accountability as well as uniformity and to prevent employee manipulation. 
amendment, and I thank the distinguished Chair and ranking member. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman 
Mr. DENT. I do not think any of us 
wants to allow the VA funds to be used in any way that would falsify records on the claims backlog. I have no objection to the amendment. 
my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, veterans continue to be one of the most neglected groups in our country. These men and women have sacrificed their lives to ensure that our values and principles remain true; yet we still have people within the VA system who neglect these sacrifices and who disregard these men and women. 
As my colleague from Arizona mentioned, this flawed guidance from the VA headquarters is wrong and completely disrespectful to our country’s veterans. The memo that was issued by the VA, commonly known as ‘‘Fast Letter 13–10,’’ was a deliberate attempt to make VA bureaucrats appear as if they were delivering services and benefits to veterans faster than they really were. Through these internal actions, some VA offices were ‘‘eliminating’’ the backlog of benefit claims with a stroke of a pen. 
Just because you lie about the details does not make the problem disappear. With one memo, the VA managers disregarded every performance measure that had been put in place to protect our veterans and their benefits. Mr. Chairman, I believe this brings up a large point—the problems within the Federal civil service and, as an employee within the VA stated, the dysfunctional culture of management corruption. 
this issue. I join my friend from Arizona in offering this amendment. We must ensure that VA managers care for our veterans in a timely and effective manner. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arkansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
award of $8 million was provided to design and build a 1.8megawatt solar system at the John L. McClellan VA Medical Center in Little Rock, Arkansas. It has been almost 2 years since that planned activation was to begin operating. However, reports in our local media have indicated that there is additional engineering and that it is not functioning and not operational. Further, sections of the solar panels for this system are now being torn down in order to be relocated to make way for a parking deck that was planned before the installation had begun of the solar panels. Many questions remain unanswered about this project and when the VA plans to fully implement this supposed costsaving system to provide energy for the facility. 
Web site a list of 40 key energy projects that are designated as ‘‘works in progress’’ by the VA under its key renewable energy program. Some of these date back to 2010; yet they have not been completed and have not been made operational. There are over 90 solar projects that have been funded under this program and 198 projects that have been funded under the VA’s Green Management Program. Some of these projects individually have cost the taxpayers up to $20 million. The Little Rock project is only projected to save $150,000 annually in energy costs, which would make the payback on that $8 million investment some 50 years. 
On April 8, I sent a letter to Secretary McDonald, asking for answers about these solar systems, in Little Rock particularly, about the relocation of the panels at the facility, and about the activation date. Senator JOHN 
BOOZMAN and I have called for an IG investigation into this project and into other aspects of the key renewable energy program to ensure that the taxpayers’ hardearned dollars are safeguarded. 
This amendment would simply prevent any new funding for these projects this fiscal year, allowing Congress the 
additional time to conduct oversight and allowing the VA to ensure that this program is effective. 
It is essential that we demand accountability and transparency when utilizing taxpayer dollars for these kinds of government projects. I urge the passage of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I rise reluctantly in opposition to the amendment. I feel the gentleman’s amendment is a bit too broad. It is overly broad, in my view. I understand the gentleman’s frustration with the VA’s delay in getting the Little Rock solar panel project up and running. I certainly support the inspector general investigation into the problems. 
I am concerned that blocking all renewable energy projects, currently budgeted at $86 million for fiscal year 2016, would have the unintended impact of blocking some worthwhile projects that would save money, reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions. 
the gentleman would consider withdrawing the amendment, and we will try to work with him to get this amendment in a better form, one that we might be able to support. I just want to put that out there for his consideration at this time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman for 
his comments. I appreciate his consideration. I would be happy to work with the gentleman to revise my amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I just want to speak to this amendment. The VA Green Management Program is a sustainability program that integrates energy and water conservation, environmental compliance, vehicle fleet management, sustainable building design and operation, greenhouse gas management, and climate change adaptation. 
Green Management Program has reduced VA’s energy costs from $504 million in 2010 to $459 million in 2014, despite significant growth in mission. Additionally, the Green Management Program has put in place energy performance contracts requiring no appropriated funds that will save VA over $9 
achievements include it reduced VA energy use per square foot by 21 percent since 2003, reduced VA water consumption per square foot by 28 percent since 2007, increased VA’s vehicle fleet to 55 percent alternatively fueled vehicles, and reduced VAgenerated greenhouse gases 12 percent since the 2008 baseline. 
In the absence of the Green Management Program funding, a number of programs, processes, and projects will not be carried out. These activities save taxpayers significant amounts of money; improve indoor and outdoor environments at VA facilities for the benefit of veterans, for visitors, employees, and surrounding communities; and help assure the VA compliance with Federal laws, with regulations, with executive orders, Presidential memoranda. 
am happy that the gentleman has withdrawn the amendment. I think his concerns are well placed, and I join the chairman in agreeing to work with him to see if we can’t address those specific concerns in his location. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who received an unsatisfactory work performance review in fiscal year 2015. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment is very straightforward. If an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs has received a work performance review rated as unsatisfactory in the last fiscal year, he will not be able to receive a salary for this fiscal year 2016. 
sorts of media reports about how Secretary McDonald has been trying to reform the VA but has been having trouble getting rid of the bad apples. This is one way we could help him do that. For instance, the VA employees in the 27th Congressional District of Texas that I represent and across the Nation continue to provide vital care to our veterans. In the 27th District, our local medical center is well below the national standards for both customer service and phone standards. 
the VA inspector general found that about 1,700 veterans were in need of care and were at risk of being lost or forgotten after being kept off official waiting lists. Schedulers for the Veterans Affairs were instructed to change 
the dates for which veterans had requested an appointment in order to hide delays. At the Phoenix VA, official data showed that veterans waited an average of 24 days for an appointment when in reality the average wait was 115 days. That is absolutely unacceptable. 
that 17 veterans deaths had occurred while waiting for VA treatment in the Phoenix VA, and on June 5 of that same year, the VA reported they had identified an additional 18 deaths. People are dying because of unsatisfactory performance at the VA. 
that out of 280,000 employees working for the VA, only eight had been ‘‘punished’’ for any of the offenses. In fact, the only person who has actually been fired is Sharon Helman. She wasn’t fired immediately for unsatisfactory work performance. Instead, she was on paid administrative leave for over 7 months before they finally got around to firing her. She was that former VA person in Phoenix and was only fired after it was discovered she was accepting gifts from a lobbyist. We have no way of dealing with the problems, and we are looking for a solution to this. 
that, under Ms. Helman’s leadership, 35 veterans had died, and it took us 7 months to fire her for an unrelated offense. The VA still is struggling with this. 
Clearly, Congress needs to find a better approach to help root out the bad apples in the VA. My amendment is one way we can do this. If you are receiving the worst possible performance review, you ought not to be getting paid with taxpayer money for your unsatisfactory work. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not necessarily opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate 
the gentleman for raising this important issue. I certainly share his concern about the service our veterans are receiving from VA employees. However, I do have some concerns with the breadth of this amendment. It seems, again, a little bit overly broad. 
amendment, I will continue to work with him to ensure greater accountability for poorperforming employees. Again, I thank the gentleman for highlighting this important issue, but I just think the amendment is a little overly broad. The breadth is a bit more than I think is necessary at this moment, but we might be able to work this out. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chair, I understand the concerns that the chairman of the subcommittee has. The breadth was necessary in order to get 
by the requirement to not be legislating within an appropriations bill. If the chairman is willing to work with me on finding a scalpel rather than an ax to prune these bad apples out of the tree, I am willing to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. DENT. I will do that. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—General Administration’’ is hereby reduced by, $5,000,000. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of all, let me thank those who have helped with this legislation here, my colleagues from California, Mr. COSTA , 
Mr. R UIZ, and my colleague from Massachusetts, Mr. M OULTON , on helping 
bring this forward. I also thank the chairman and the members of the committee as well as the desk staff here tonight in helping to make this happen. 
amount budgeted for the general administration of Veterans Affairs to instead be posted toward the Veterans Benefits Administration; therefore, helping to take a bite out of the huge backlog that we have of veterans waiting to have their claims processed after having served with us. This $5 million shift, I think, will be helpful in that backlog, as we already know that the VA is at least 171,000 claims behind in their process. These 171,000 claims are behind by more than 125 days, which is unacceptable. 
should be making sure that veterans have their claims processed and are receiving the benefit they should be getting. Our veterans should not have had to return from fighting a war and have to instead fight a bureaucracy at home. 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LAMALFA. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
claims processed and the service they deserve. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . HICE OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay a Federal employee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under section 7131 of title 5, United States Code. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will help our Nation’s veterans increase efficiency in the Federal workforce and uphold the integrity of tax dollars. Title 5 of the U.S. Code allows for a practice in which Federal employees are permitted to engage in unionrelated activities while at work while not doing the job for which they were hired. This practice is known as official time, and it costs the taxpayers literally millions of man hours every year and hundreds of millions of dollars every year. 
is one of the agencies with the most egregious use of official time. This agency is singlehandedly responsible for almost onethird of all the reported official time usage in the entire Federal Government. 
more than 250 individuals who do nothing but operate on official time. That is to say, 100 percent of their time at work is used doing union activity rather than what they were hired to do, which is to help our veterans. That is unacceptable. It costs the taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. 
of April 1, there were some 431,000 veterans who have been waiting for over 30 days to get an appointment at a VA medical facility. In my home State alone, more than 20,000 veterans have waited more than 30 days for appointments, be it in Atlanta, Augusta, or Dublin. We have veterans literally begging for access to health care, and yet they are being told while waiting in line that people appreciate their service to our country, appreciate the fact that they have been willing to lay their lives down for our country, but when it comes to their medical conditions, they will have to wait because of lack of resources. b2000 
VA employees to give 100 percent of their work hours to union activity while telling veterans that we do not have the resources to provide for their medical needs is inexcusable. 
We need to stop this practice that allows VA employees to prioritize their union over our veterans. The day that veterans are put in second place to union activities is the day that Congress must get involved, and that has day come. 
report, the VA spends over $45 million taxpayer dollars every year on this practice. That is $45 million that could go to serve the medical needs of our veterans. 
us is a tremendous opportunity to help our veterans while, at the same time, saving taxpayer dollars and increasing the overall efficiency of our Federal workforce. This amendment cuts through all the bureaucratic red tape and the sweetheart deals for unions and helps our Nation’s deserving veterans. 
opportunity to put our veterans first, above special interests, and I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
that this amendment really serves no purpose but to erode collective bargaining rights for civil service Federal employees, and it may violate collective bargaining agreements that have been negotiated between workers and these agencies. 
and to complain because 200 of them spend their time representing and making sure that the conditions of employment within the scope of employment of their coworkers under collective bargaining agreements are maintained, I believe, is just punitive. 
to provide representation to all members of a bargaining unit, whether or not the workers elect to pay voluntary unions dues. Representation for employees working their way through administrative procedures is a costeffective process for administering and adjudicating agency policies. 
government agencies to pay for costly thirdparty attorney and arbitrator fees. Eliminating official time would increase cost, time, and effort for the agencies, the workers, and the taxpayers. 
Official time is essential to maintaining workplace safety. Union representatives use official time to set procedures to protect employees from onthejob hazards. Official time is also used to allow employees to participate 
in work groups with the management team to improve the processes. 
not be used to solicit membership, to conduct internal union meetings, elect union officers, or to engage in any partisan political activities. The notion that official time is used for these purposes is just false. 
amendment. I think that it is punitive, and it has no purpose but to erode collective bargaining rights for civil service Federal employees. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I understand my colleague’s concerns, but to say it is unnecessary is a bit beyond my understanding. 
the VA that dedicate 100 percent of their time to union activity when they were hired to do veterans work, but there are hundreds of others who don’t give 100 percent of their time, but hundreds of additional hours on a regular basis. 
We have reached out. After I introduced H.R. 1658, the Federal Employee Accountability Act, we literally heard from veterans all across the country. Many of these fine men and women, being veterans now, also were and are employees at the VA. With one unified voice, they expressed that they had deep frustration and disappointment with how they have seen veterans treated. 
just one of those individuals who served in our Air Force and is a current employee at the VA. He said, ‘‘The union is the number one obstacle to providing care to vets.’’ 
that the choice before us is clear. Members of this body can stand with union bosses, or they can stand with the people who have stood on the front line to defend our liberties and our freedom, the Nation’s veterans. 
I choose to stand with our brave veterans, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that many of the employees—as a matter of fact, I think the number is 34 percent— at the Department of Veterans Affairs are, indeed, veterans. 
their lives on the line and have given and served and sacrificed for this country. Of course, they are now continuing to work for their colleagues and their coworkers on the job in their capacity as bargaining representatives in the VA. 
they have the right to do this. The law supports them in doing this. We should not interfere with that because too many of them—34 percent—are, in fact, veterans. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the DavisBacon Act). 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Iowa and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is an amendment that I brought up in previous appropriation cycles. 
What it does is defunds and eliminates the DavisBacon federally mandated wage scale components in the construction of MILCON on this underlying bill. It recognizes a whole series of history that has been built since the early thirties on the DavisBacon Act. 
I have spent my life in the construction business, Mr. Chairman. I started a construction business in 1975. We are celebrating our 40th year in business, and, almost every one of those 40 years, we have dealt with DavisBacon wage scales. I have made out, personally, that payroll over and over again. 
that are created. The net effect is a de facto union scale. It is not a prevailing wage, but a de facto union scale. The net effect is it creates inefficiencies, and it increases and inflates the cost of our construction projects. 
have been in business, show that Davis Bacon wage scales—the federally mandated wage scales—range between an additional 8 percent up to 38 percent; so I just bring that back to a bit of a moderate, careful average, and we have a 20 percent increase. 
you want to build 5 miles of road, repeal DavisBacon. If you are willing to 
accept 4 miles of road, accept a federally mandated union scale. That is true with whatever else we might be doing in all of our military construction and everything else. 
bill, and I would point out that this is the last Jim Crow law that I recall that is still on the books. It was designed to lock Black construction workers out of the construction work in New York back in the thirties during the Great Depression. 
contract that was let and the contractor went to Alabama and brought in African Americans to do that work, undercutting the essentially White labor union forces within New York, two New Yorkers—both of them Republicans, Davis and Bacon—got together and brought this Jim Crow law. Now, we are dealing with union scale mandates. 
I would point out I used to have this 
debate with the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Frank. He would make the argument that two consenting adults should be able to agree to whatever it is those two can do. 
I would say I agree, and there is no 
reason for the Federal Government to be involved in a relationship between an employer and employee that agree to a wage scale. 
not union scale wages, as a rule; but they are prevailing wages. We do that because we want to hire the best people. We do the best work that we can do under the plans and specifications offered to us—government work and private sector work altogether—for 40 years. 
of the work isn’t that, that the government knows best, and government should intervene between a relationship between two consenting adults. We are about to hear some kind of response on why we shouldn’t get rid of the last Jim Crow law on the books. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, DavisBacon is a pretty simple concept and a fair one. What the Davis Bacon Act does is protect the government, as well as the workers, in carrying out the policy of paying decent wages on government contracts. 
workers on federally funded construction projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for similar work. It requires that every contract for construction to which the Federal Government is a party in excess of $2,000 contain a provision defining the ‘‘minimum wages’’ paid to various classes of laborers and mechanics. 
numerous votes on this issue, and on every vote, this body has voted to 
maintain DavisBacon requirements because it makes good sense, it saves the taxpayers money, and it is useful. 
Last year, we avoided including divisive language like this, and it is my hope that we stop attacking the working class and defeat the amendment before us today and move on to more important matters. 
At this point, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
this fight before. Thankfully, we have been able to prevail with help on both sides of the aisle. 
Anybody who is a student of history and a student of the U.S. economy knows that it was the period following the 1930s that we finally saw a steady progress toward greater wage equality in this country and we saw the middle class emerge and the strongest period of economic growth and income equality in our history, a period which is at risk right now. 
look at the period that followed the enactment of DavisBacon, how the middle class was born, and I would also urge us to consider that, if not the Federal Government, who can we expect to set the example that a decent wage should be paid for a decent day’s work. That is all this law does, and I support it wholeheartedly and urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I reserve the balance of my time. 
avoid including divisive language like this. This is a policy rider that is unnecessary. We have defeated it over and over again. 
money. It requires quality work and quality labor be done on Federal contracts, and it pays a fair day’s wages for a fair day’s work. 
reject this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
first, in response to the gentleman’s argument of a fair wage for a fair day’s pay, that is determined by supply and demand in the marketplace. This is the United States of America, and on the flashcard the USCIS puts out, they say: What is the American system of America? It is free enterprise capitalism. 
You have to pay the going rate to get 
the people to do the job. That has been the case for a long time. I have done that for 40 years, and the quality of the work is there, and we are proud of the work that we do. 
the Federal Government has got to intervene in setting the marketplace for wages on construction projects $2,000 or more, but not intervene in the price of gas or the price of electricity or the price of some of the commodities that we are dealing with on a regular basis. 
If we are going to have a robust economy, we have got to get a value received for the work that is done, and that value received is determined by supply and demand in the marketplace, not by a de facto mandated union scale. I know how these scales are reached. I know how these conferences go. 
taxpayers money. We want to build 5 miles of road, not 4. We want to build five bases, not four. We want to put five different components out there, instead of four, and get a return on the taxpayers’ dollar so that we maximize the utilization of the hardearned tax dollars that come from some of the people that are working on these projects. 
They want a return on their investment, too. You can’t argue that there is fiscal responsibility in this country if we are going to impose an additional 20 percent on every dollar that is spent to produce construction projects on MILCON in America. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) for a colloquy. 
on this bill. And congratulations to Congressman DENTon the work he has 
done on H.R. 2029, his first bill as chairman of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee. 
I admire Chairman DENT’s and Ranking Member B ISHOP ’s commitment to 
our veterans of America. They have demonstrated daytoday that they are here for our people in the armed services. 
I would like to especially acknowledge this bill’s provisions relating to the importance of early detection and 
treatment of colorectal cancer. As the bill notes, the VA has made screening patients for colorectal cancer a priority, and I am encouraged by the steps that this bill would take to ensure that the VA continues to dedicate the resources and attention to this important issue which it deserves. 
Almost every family in America, including our veterans, including Members of Congress, including people all over this Nation, have been touched by cancer. My father, former Congressman Donald Payne, who served New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District for 23 years, prior to me coming here and taking his place, succumbed to this preventable and treatable disease. 
partnership on this issue. I am looking forward to continuing to work together to advance the fight against colorectal cancer and lessen the needless loss of life. 
VA to support additional research and development in the field, including investigating a less costly blood test for colorectal cancer. I applaud this language, and I also understand that both the FDA and CMS have approved a new DNA, noninvasive, stoolbased colorectal cancer screening test that is pending review with the Federal supply services for availability in the VA health system. 
encourage the VA to consider and review such stoolbased test screening? 
Mr. Chairman, I commend my colleague for his steadfast support of colorectal cancer awareness research, prevention, and treatment efforts. As the second leading cause of death in men and women in the United States, we have both seen the personal toll that colorectal cancer can have on family members and loved ones. Congressman PAYNE obviously lost his father; I lost my brotherinlaw. It was very painful for all of us. We lost them all too soon. 
It has been a privilege to work together with you on an issue that has raised awareness and increased preventive screenings. This is an issue that affects far too many of our veterans and, as you mentioned, this bill takes steps to support the VA’s prevention and treatment efforts. 
misconstrued as only focusing on blood tests, and I certainly encourage the VA 
to expedite its review of alternative colorectal cancer screening tests, including DNA stoolbased noninvasive tests. We certainly want to encourage the VA in that regard. 
with on you these important matters. Again, I want to really commend Congressman PAYNE for his determination 
and steadfast interest in advancing therapies and treatments for colorectal cancer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1732, REGULATORY INTEGRITY PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 43, DISAPPROVAL OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NONDISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–98) on the resolution (H. Res. 231) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2028, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read for the first time. The gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) and the gentlewoman from 
Ohio (Ms. K APTUR ) each will control 30 
fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water bill before you today. 
like to recognize the hard work of Chairman ROGERS and Ranking Member L OWEY on this bill and the appropriation process. I would also like to 
thank my ranking member, Ms. K APTUR. I appreciate her help, and with it, 
activities of the Department of Energy, Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Reclamation, and other agencies under 
our jurisdiction. This is a $1.2 billion increase from last year’s funding level, and $633 million below the request. 
This is a responsible bill that recognizes the importance of investing in our Nation’s infrastructure and national defense. As we do each year, we worked hard to incorporate priorities and perspectives from both sides of the aisle. 
programs of the Army Corps of Engineers by $750 million would have led to economic disruptions in our ports and waterways as they filled in, and would have left our communities and businesses vulnerable to flooding. 
Instead, this bill recognizes the critical work of the Corps and provides $5.6 billion for those activities, $865 million above the request and $142 million more than last year. The bill makes use of all estimated annual revenues from the inland waterways trust fund, for a total of $340 million. 
the administration’s regulatory overreach with regards to the Clean Water Act and includes three provisions that prohibit changes to the definition of ‘‘fill material,’’ the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and the 
the Department of Energy is funded at $8.7 billion, which is $526 million more than last year. This increase will support full funding for the stockpile life extension programs, and includes an additional $100 million above the request to address the growing backlog of deferred maintenance and physical security projects. 
The recommendation for Naval Reactors is $1.3 billion, an increase of $86 million, and includes full funding for the Ohio class replacement submarine. 
This bill makes strong, balanced investments in our energy sector to ensure that our constituents continue to have reliable, affordable energy. 
than 67 percent of our electricity production in 2014, received $605 million, a $34 million increase above fiscal year 2015. 
million above last year. The bill also includes $40 million more than last year to ensure an electric grid that is both reliable and resilient now and into the future. 
our national security interests and our economy. I urge everyone to support it. 
Insert offset folio 1062/1 here EH290415.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
Flood Cont ro 1 and Coast a 1 Emergencies. 
Bureau of Reel a mat ion Loan Program Account 
Insert offset folio 1062/2 here EH290415.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H,R. 2028) 
Insert offset folio 1062/3 here EH290415.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
Maintenance, Western Area Power Admi ni strati on .. 
Insert offset folio 1062/4 here EH290415.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS BIll FY 2016 (H. R. 2028) 
1 I Totals adjusted to net out alternative financing 
for annual expenses, exc 1 udi ng power purchase 
I want to begin by thanking Chairman S IMPSON for his bipartisan approach in preparing this bill. We have a good committee, and we work together. 
Donna Shahbaz and Taunja Berquam, the Republican and Democratic Clerks, as well as the rest of the Committee staff: Matt Anderson, Angie Giancarlo, Loraine Heckenberg, and Perry Yates; and in the personal offices, Sarah Cannon and Ryan Steyer. Their countless long hours, late nights, and thoughtful insight are so critical to help us prepare this legislation. 
Jimmy Carter, after the first Arab oil embargo, as gasoline prices exploded and the U.S. fell into deep, deep recession, championed the creation of a U.S. Department of Energy. He equated the struggle for America’s energy independence as the moral equivalent of war, and he was right. He set a goal to steer the United States toward energy independence by 1985. 
meet that challenge set out nearly four decades ago: reducing our imported energy dependence, curbing our voracious appetite for foreign oil, and growing a diverse domestic energy portfolio that invests in a selfreliant America and the job creation here at home that goes with it. 
Containing our ballooning consumption topped President Carter’s agenda. But while he successfully reduced consumption during his Presidency, his successors lost focus. Demand for gasoline increased by 40 percent in the 25 years after he left office, a troubling reality, as every economic recession since World War II has come on the heels of a sharp spike in gasoline prices. I have a chart here that so dramatically shows every time gasoline went over $4 a gallon, America, in the late seventies, in the early nineties, and then of course in 2008, fell into deep, deep recession. 
current administration, partnerships between the Department of Energy labs and automotive companies have finally helped level out demand for gasoline with increasing fuel efficiency. 
new energy horizon for our Nation, including renewable energy and conservation. Solar electric capacity currently operating in our country is enough to power more than 3.5 million homes, on average. 
country are insulated. These are important achievements, milestones for our country, and America must push onward. 
On the critical issue of reducing foreign oil dependence, President Carter’s initiative strikingly reduced imports below the target of 6 million barrels a day, a cut of nearly a third, but imports, again, after his Presidency, went on the rise in subsequent decades. Vast energy imports continue to represent 
the single largest component of our overall trade deficit. 
that shows America has been in the depths of deficit in trade, but the portion of it that deals with petroleum is its most significant percentage, and it has been for a very long time. 
millions of forfeited jobs here at home. Still at $47 billion last year, crude oil imports were roughly equal to the next four largest trade deficit categories. 
Around the world, the war over energy rages on. Look only to Europe’s compromised position toward Ukraine and, of course, oilrich but unstable Iraq. We must position our own Nation to a secure energy future. 
our Nation’s energy foundation. This bill does responsibly invest in that effort, as well as in our nuclear security as well as our water infrastructure. But I must ask: At what cost does our bill do this? Our bill is among the first two to be considered. There are 10 bills that will follow, and, frankly, they were raided to pay for ours. 
that additional funding for this bill—1 of 12 appropriation bills on which Congress must act—comes at the expense of other vital national needs that will be shortchanged as subsequent appropriation bills are brought forward; in total, 12 of them. 
advanced scientific research. But it does so at the expense of the Health and Human Services bill that shorts support for our students who will be the next generation of scientists. 
of Energy labs, whose new technologies will power our future. But why is the National Institutes of Health shortchanged in the Health and Human Services, Education Appropriations bill? Its discoveries will save and improve millions of lives. 
will increase by $500 million. Meanwhile, in the Transportation, Housing bill, crumbling cities will lose even more resources, elderly housing will remain unfunded, and our poorest families will continue struggling to put food on the table. 
Nuclear nonproliferation and environmental cleanup efforts in our bill will make our world safer. But on America’s streets, police and fire departments will remain understaffed, insufficiently trained, and underequipped because the CommerceJusticeScience appropriations bill is shorted. 
for the Army Corps of Engineers infrastructure, whose $60 billion backlog of unfinished projects is astounding. But to fund the Corps in our bill, America’s roads will be shortchanged and remain potholeridden, the rail lines clogged, with more bridges on the brink of collapse because the Transportation, 
In our bill, the Bureau of Reclamation will continue to help our 17 Western States cope with record drought, yet severe underfunding of the clean water and drinking water funds in the Department of InteriorEPA bill will further threaten the fresh water supply of thousands more communities across our country. No amount of duct tape can fix all the leaking pipes. 
strength of our Nation by raiding other bills that are essential appropriation responsibilities, but that is the game plan of the overall Republican budget that has been handed us. It is not a prescription for an American success story. 
The Appropriations Committee’s discretionary programs, at only 6.8 percent of our Nation’s total economy, or GDP, are too thin a reed on which to balance our Nation’s accounts. 
must put its cards on the table too and open its vast jurisdiction to scrutiny. Mandatory programs must be put on the table. And then the preparation of America’s budget will have an engine in which all pistons are firing and engaged. 
bill here tonight, but I find myself guilty in a way because I know what is being taken from those other subcommittees so vital to our Nation’s future. 
respectable, it is only one oar in the water pushing our ship of state forward. We can’t reach our destination without the other 11 oars in the water too. For that reason, I urge my colleagues, as we move forward, to consider a ‘‘no’’ vote on this measure in hopes that a message will be sent strongly. The American people deserve all hands on deck and all oars in the water. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). 
H.R. 2028 and would like to take this opportunity to talk about the importance of investing in American infrastructure. 
critical national and regional waterways. The Soo Locks, located in my district, are a critical point in our Nation’s infrastructure. Over 80 million tons of commercial commodities travel through the Soo Locks each year, including the vast majority of the iron ore mined in the United States. The value of the cargo traveling through the Soo Locks represents approximately 3.2 percent of the U.S. gross domestic product each year. 
The impact on our economy, should there be a failure of the lock, is too great. 
am confident that it will show a need for a replacement lock and construction can get underway. 
with Congress in an efficient and transparent fashion so that we can continue to move this process forward and get 
of the Chair, how much time do we have remaining on this side, please? 
from Ohio has 22 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Idaho has 26 minutes remaining. 
the very distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I thank subcommittee Chairman SIMPSON , Ranking Member K APTUR , and full committee Chairman R OGERS for their 
for less’’ budget resolution was opposed by every Member on my side of the aisle in part because it makes it impossible to provide the funding necessary in the 12 appropriations bills to grow our economy and give hardworking Americans the opportunity to succeed. 
Democrats much preferred the approach taken by the President, calling for an end to the sequester and more reasonable and realistic budgeting that could help families afford college, a home, and a secure retirement. 
The proposed funding level for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy is dismal and would curtail innovation in clean and renewable energy and make us less competitive. This type of investment grows our economy and provides opportunity to hardworking Americans. But under the Republican proposal, funding would be slashed by $266 million compared to the 2015 level. 
of the President’s proposal, including $82.6 million less to modernize and secure the electric grid and $240 million less for scientific research critical to addressing longterm energy needs. 
enacted levels; but by failing to address sequestration, the majority is missing an opportunity to further invest in critical initiatives that create jobs and make American families more secure. 
funding disputes, I am deeply disappointed that the majority also, once again, needlessly included controversial policy riders. 
the place to make sweeping changes to environmental protection or gun laws. 
existing activities to protect 2.8 million ocean industry jobs and $282 billion in GDP generated by ocean industries in coastal States, the National Ocean Policy would be blocked. I do not understand how any public good is served by thwarting efficiency measures that bring together the best ecological, economic, and stakeholder driven data. 
Clean Water Act, including locking in place a state of confusion about the scope of pollution control programs and sacrificing water quality for small streams and wetlands that contribute to the drinking water of one in three Americans. 
I should not have to remind my majority colleagues that similar provisions have imperiled this bill in the past. The administration is, once again, on record with veto threats of nearly identical language, and leading environmental groups have stated that these and other riders are bad policies that will put Americans’ health and safety at risk. 
would willfully go down this path again. Despite the many shortcomings, there are positive aspects, particularly the Army Corps of Engineers. In its most recent report card, the American Society of Civil Engineers gave the U.S. a Dplus and estimated that $2.6 trillion in investments are needed by 2020. 
than the current level and $865 million more than the President requested for the Army Corps. 
bill receive sufficient funding, due to major shortcomings, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill. 
pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS). 
the people of the Third Congressional District. That is what I am doing, and that is what this bill does. 
Committee, we are using the power of the purse. This bill provides full funding for key Army Corps of Engineers projects in my district, nearly $26 million for projects in southern West Virginia—East Lynn, Summersville, Bluestone, and Beech Fork lakes—all critically important. 
of the Appalachian Regional Commission, making a real difference in real people’s lives. This bill actually adds an additional $5 million over last year’s funding. 
for the administration’s war on coal, no to expanding the definitions of the ‘‘waters of the U.S.,’’ and no to new regulations on fill material. 
This is a good bill, and I urge its passage. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the very, very able gentleman from the State of California (Mr. HONDA ), a distinguished member 
first year serving on the subcommittee. And I thank Chairman SIMPSON and 
leadership throughout this process, for the collaborative way they had worked with the members of the subcommittee on this bill. 
the important investigations and construction accounts of the Army Corps of Engineers, which are increasingly important for dealing with the effects of climate change and have been underfunded for too long. I hope we can fully address the Corps’ budgetary needs as this bill moves forward. 
language I sought to help us increase access to solar and other renewable energy sources for lowincome families. This inclusiveness is critically important if we are going to transform to a 21st century energy economy that benefits all Americans. 
I also appreciate the inclusion language supporting development of new photonics technologies to enable exascale computing breakthroughs. 
Funding DOE’s Workforce Development for Teachers and Scientists program at the President’s request level is essential for programs to develop K–12 
STEM educators, including the Albert Einstein Distinguished Educator Fellowship, now in its 25th year. 
allow for continued growth of the Einstein Fellows program, which brings exceptional STEM educators to Washington for a year to work in Federal agencies and in Congress helping to shape STEM education programs. There are, however, damaging cuts to some programs and others funded below the President’s budget request. 
wrong direction. We need to boost the funding levels for renewable energy programs that are our path to a clean energy future. We also must address the shortfalls in the Science Laboratories infrastructure funding that will hamper operations at user facilities such as light sources and science and nanoscience centers and engineering centers. 
with several of the policy riders in the bill. We shouldn’t be blocking work to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act, and we should be fostering collaboration between the Federal, State, and local agencies and ocean stakeholders about how to share this vital resource and not hindering it. 
a difficult task, and his approach to developing this bill has shown these issues, which are important for our Nation and for our planet, the respect they deserve. 
Chairman S IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR , as this bill moves forward, 
to resolve some of these issues in a bipartisan fashion so we can send a bill to the President that all of us can support. 
yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR), a good friend of 
Mr. FARR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, as we continue to cut, 
squeeze, and trim the Federal budget, we have a responsibility to ensure that our Federal agencies operate as efficiently as possible. 
in our district where multiple Federal, State, and local agencies overlap in their management authority, often causing unnecessary bureaucratic red tape, which ends up costing taxpayers more money while accomplishing less. 
with you as we move this bill forward to improve the transparency and efficiency of Federal agencies. They need to talk to each other and work together so that our constituents are not forced to sort through conflicting requirements. I hope you can help me. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman from California for inviting me to speak on this important matter. I agree that the Energy and Water Appropriations bill should strive to make our Federal agencies work more efficiently with each other and work together. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), a very, very hard 
member, first of all, for yielding, but secondly, for her unwavering leadership on this subcommittee, but also on each and every issue that we are addressing in this bill and for her leadership just in general, in terms of making sure that people who have been marginalized and who really have been victimized by this terrible recession really have opportunities into the middle class. Thank you very much, Congresswoman KAPTUR . 
language to recognize the importance of workplace diversity in the Department of Energy’s National Laboratories and encouraging the Department to develop and broaden partnerships with minorityserving institutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
Mr. Chairman, however, I am concerned that not only does this bill maintain harmful sequester levels for funding, it also continues the pattern of inserting unnecessary policy riders into spending bills, including allowing guns to be carried on all Corps of Engineers lands. These riders are harmful and further complicate the already difficult appropriations process. Mr. Chairman, instead of trying to 
roll back vital environmental protections, we need to be proactive about preserving our environment for the next generation. We need to make more investments in clean energy like solar, wind, and geothermal. 
We need to do this to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels that release harmful, toxic methane and carbon. Pollution and smog must not be a normal way of life for our children and our children’s children. 
seconds to myself to just thank the gentlewoman very much for her comments and to say how very much I enjoyed visiting the Berkeley lab with her out in California and knowing the work that they are doing not just for California, but for the whole country. 
with you and to support that lab and its activities. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentlewoman from California. 
Ms. LEE. I just thank the gentlewoman, first of all, for her visit, but also for really understanding very deeply what our labs are about and what they are really conducting not only for my district and for California, but for the country and for the world in terms of their research. 
I just really want to thank you because the feedback, of course, from my lab is how smart and how committed you are. 
my pleasure to yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZ 
BALART ), a good friend of mine and a 
member of the Appropriations Committee. He is the chairman of the Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. 
from Florida, I would like to thank the gentleman for all his tireless work on behalf of the Everglades, truly a remarkable spot. He is a true leader on these issues, and he continues to restore the Everglades to their natural state. 
actually came here to thank Chairman SIMPSON for putting together this great 
putting up with me and working with me on issues dealing with Everglades restoration. I don’t have to tell anybody here that is a national treasure. It is important not only for southern Florida’s drinking water, but also for our economy. 
chairman for his help in the Herbert Hoover Dike, which is crucial, again, for the folks in that area. 
bill. Chairman SIMPSON has a very difficult task. He has done a spectacular job. Again, thank you, sir, for working with me on these important issues. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Let me thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Once again, congratulations on bringing this important bill to the floor. 
to really engage and for your willingness to address an issue of critical importance to the Nation’s innovation and competitiveness, that is the full utilization of the Department of Energy’s radiation light source national user facilities. 
this bill for DOE’s light source scientific user facilities would not utilize our Federal investment to the fullest effect. This would lead to facilities temporarily shutting down and laying off and furloughing scientific staff. 
this program was $447 million. Now, the President has requested $477 million, but the House mark is $443 million. 
working with you to address this issue in conference and with the Senate and to work toward a higher mark for this account, at least higher than fiscal year ’15 and hopefully closer to the President’s budget. 
leadership and for your willingness to work with us on this important issue. 
colleague’s comments and thank you for your collegial leadership of the subcommittee. 
sources adequately is a competitiveness issue for the Nation’s economic wellbeing. Companies from my district, throughout Silicon Valley and around the Nation, utilize these unique, largescale scientific facilities to advance next generation technologies and to grow our Nation’s economy. 
must make sure to make the investments that retain our leadership. Thank you for your willingness to address this issue. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank you for bringing this important issue to the subcommittee’s attention. I look forward to working with Ranking Member KAPTURand all of you to support the Nation’s light source user facilities as we move forward into conference. 
Members bringing this to our attention, having visited more than one of these facilities and look forward to working with the chairman to support this very worthy activity. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. 
who has been very active and who has been newly appointed to the Rules Committee for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, Hanford is the Nation’s largest and most complex Department of Energy defense nuclear cleanup site. I have greatly appreciated your willingness to work with me to ensure funding for this important effort. 
along the Columbia River Corridor, which is legally required and a priority for the midColumbia region, puts those projects on a very strong path forward. 
I also appreciate the funding provided for the Office of River Protection. As the final bill is developed for fiscal year ’16, I would like to continue working with you to ensure that all of the work that the Federal Government is legally obligated to do is realized. 
I am particularly concerned with ensuring that work is able to progress on retrieving Hanford’s tank waste and preparing to feed an operational waste treatment plant while providing sufficient resources to meet nearterm regulatory requirements in the tank farms. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. 
would like to thank the gentleman from Washington for his strong advocacy for these important cleanup activities. I agree they are probably the most important in this country. 
to ensure that activities at Hanford’s tank farms and at the waste treatment plant receive the funding required to move forward safely, efficiently, and in a timely manner. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the gentleman and look forward to working with him, as well as the ranking member from Ohio, in the future. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I have no further requests for time, so I yield back the balance of my time in the interests of moving forward with the bill. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). 
of H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. 
support funding for critical infrastructure in our country, but also includes several important provisions a majority of the Members in this body are concerned with. 
backstop for ensuring the EPA’s controversial waters of United States rule does not go forward in its current state. This rule is nothing more than a Federal power grab for the EPA and it flies in the face of two Supreme Court 
decisions. The agencies themselves have admitted to Congress, in multiple hearings, that the proposed rule has created confusion and uncertainty. 
I want to thank the chairman for including this necessary backstop provision that will help stop this rule from wreaking havoc on farmers, businesses, families, and the entire regulated community. This rule could potentially roll back the progress we have made in our Nation’s water quality by instituting burdensome permitting costs and unnecessary red tape. 
Another important provision prohibits the Corps from using funds for open lake placement of dredge material in Lake Erie, unless the material is approved under the State water quality certification program. We all know the benefits of dredging and how vital it is to the Great Lakes system’s ecosystem, businesses, recreation, and tourism. 
safely repurposed for beneficial use or placed in a confined disposal facility. If dredged sediment is placed in Lake Erie now, research shows increased PCB levels in the fish could cause significant setbacks to the recreational community. 
water quality is threatened by algae and other contaminants, we must ensure we do not add to the problem. 
I am also pleased to see my commonsense legislation included in the underlying bill to grant lawabiding gun owners the ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights when they are legally camping, hunting, and fishing on Army Corps property. 
Ranking Member K APTUR for recognizing the importance of these provisions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels. 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
and others, the House was able to pass the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act last year, and the legislation was signed into law. 
manufacturing in our country to the next level by increasing global competitiveness and training the workforce of tomorrow through the establishment of centers throughout the country. 
the purview of the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, I want to take this opportunity to thank the chairman for working with me on this issue and to clarify that this bill we are considering today funds the establishment of at least one new center that can be coordinated with the Department of Commerce. With that, I thank the chairman. 
friend’s leadership on the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act and can confirm that this bill funds the establishment of at least one new center. I look forward to working with you on these issues in the future and as this bill moves forward. 
Mr. REED. I thank the gentleman. Mr. SIMPSON. With that, Mr. Chairman, I believe we have no more requests for time on general debate and look forward to moving forward on the bill. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the CONGRESSIONAL  
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, 
specifications of projects prior to construction, $110,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Page 3, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment which will help reduce the large backlog of important Army Corps of Engineers projects. 
from the Department of Energy’s Departmental administration budget to the Corps of Engineers’ investigations budget to bring it closer to the fiscal year 2015 enacted appropriation level. 
planning and environmental studies required under law for important Corps projects prior to construction. There is a large backlog of worthwhile Corps projects throughout the country that are essential to improving infrastructures for communities, improving ecosystem restoration, providing clean water, and expanding muchneeded water storage. These projects are especially critical to the droughtstricken communities in the West and many other parts of the Nation. 
in recognizing that the administration’s request for the Corps’ investigation budget was much too low. Having said that, the amount appropriated in this bill is still $12 million below the fiscal year 2015 levels. At a time of historic drought and major water challenges, we shouldn’t be reducing investigation dollars that will allow worthwhile community projects to move forward. 
The committee has provided significant safeguards in the report to ensure the funds transferred by this amendment will go to the studies in planning for the most viable projects. Thus, support for this amendment is a definitive action we can take to directly support timely development of critical infrastructure projects. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: CONSTRUCTION  
For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $1,631,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover onehalf of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law. 
Page 3, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer another commonsense amendment that will help reduce the large backlog of important Army Corps of Engineers’ projects by providing additional resources to the Corps’ construction budget. 
I applaud the committee for recommending resources for the Corps of Engineers’ construction budget above the President’s budget request, but the recommended level in this bill for construction is still $8.5 million beneath the fiscal year 2015 level. 
plaguing the West. CRS estimates that more than 93 percent of the State of California is experiencing severe drought. Other scientists have claimed this is the worst drought for some Western States in more than 100 years and that approximately 60 percent of the West is ‘‘experiencing moderate drought or worse, affecting 52 million people.’’ 
major water challenges, we shouldn’t be reducing construction dollars for Corps projects that improve infrastructure for local communities, improve ecosystem restoration, provide clean water, and expand muchneeded water storage. 
raised some important concerns about the draconian cuts proposed by this administration to the Corps of Engineers’ construction budget. From the committee report: ‘‘The 
construction account would see the largest dollar reduction ($467,489,000) and largest percentage reduction (29 percent) . . . As mentioned above, the budget request is woefully inadequate for meeting the critical water resource infrastructure needs of this Nation. Numerous continuing studies and construction projects will be suspended or slowed, leaving many communities vulnerable to floods and coastal storms longer than necessary and hindering economic growth and international competitiveness . . . Once again, the administration’s claims to understand the importance of infrastructure ring hollow when it comes to water resource infrastructure investments . . . Once again, however, the committee rejects the low priority placed on infrastructure in the budget request.’’ 
The committee has provided significant safeguards in the report that will ensure that the funds transferred by this amendment go to the best projects, including those that will prevent future flooding and storm damage, create jobs, and enhance national, regional, or local economic development. 
Support for this amendment is definitive action that we can take to directly support timely development of critical water projects that benefit communities throughout the Nation. 
the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. But I will tell you it 
is easy to draft amendments and take money out of the department of the administration—who is not going to be in support of that—and put it to other things. 
worked hard to address the issues. We know about the drought in California and other places, and we have done a good job in trying to fund this. If the gentleman wants to do this in here and take money out of the department of administration and the committee wants to do it, it is kind of meaningless, but I understand what the gentleman is trying to do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I yield back the balance 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 3. line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 7, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for their extremely hard work on the underlying bill and their ongoing commitment to Everglades restoration. 
in my district in Florida, toxic blue green algae is threatening the environment in our area. The amendment I am 
offering, along with the gentleman from Florida, Mr. CLAWSON , will enhance the Army Corps’ environmental restoration efforts in south Florida and help put a stop to this vicious cycle once and for all. 
as far north as Orlando, where runoff eventually flows into Lake Okeechobee. Due to rapid development, the natural flow of water from north to south in the system has been severely disrupted, and we are inundated with freshwater discharges that harm our communities to the east and to the west of the lake. 
needs freshwater to restore its natural ecology. However, moving clean water south to restore the entire ecosystem is no small feat. 
I had the chance to explain to President Obama last week on his first trip to the Everglades how freshwater discharges are hurting our community while freshwater is desperately needed in the Florida Bay, and how critical the Everglades restoration efforts are throughout the whole system. 
in the Everglades is key for water quality in the Caloosahatchee River watershed, which includes Ft. Myers and Cape Coral, the St. Lucie River watershed in the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches that I represent, and throughout Florida. 
bloom pictured here is threatening waterways in the most biodiverse estuary in all of North America. When toxic blooms hit our water, health advisories like this are posted—right here—warning people do not touch the very water that is the center of their livelihoods. 
work can help move restoration projects closer to completion, like the C–44 reservoir in Martin County, which will help hold water back from further harming the local population and ecologically fragile areas. 
This is not the first time I have come 
to the House floor to address this issue. Every year, our communities face this same threat. And to the people that I represent, it is unsustainable, and it is time to stop this before lasting damage is done. I, along with many people committed 
to protecting our water and our community, will not rest until the health advisories posted along our rivers and estuaries disappear once and for all. These aren’t just our precious Everglades in Florida. This ecosystem is America’s River of Grass with no place like it in the world. It must be protected at all costs. 
amendment, and I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ), who has been a tireless 
leadership on this issue, and particularly thank you to the chairman, Mr. SIMPSON , for his leadership and success 
Congress began one summer day 2 years ago while I was wading in the Gulf of Mexico with my father, who is in the autumn of his lifetime. Walking beside my dad in kneedeep depth, the old vet and I couldn’t see our own toes because of the dirty water. Dad looked at me, and he said, ‘‘Son, do something about this.’’ 
the discharge from Lake Okeechobee. The algae was in full bloom—toxic algae in our Gulf. Two years later, I humbly stand here and ask you: Please join me. Let’s do something about this. 
issue and a business issue. The dirty discharges damage our tourism, our economy, our drinking water, our beaches, our businesses, and our national treasure, the Everglades. The Federal Government and the State of Florida are already working to restore the Everglades with a larger freshwater supply, but we can do more. 
I am asking you to help here by voting ‘‘yes’’ on this MurphyClawson amendment in order to help expedite projects like the critical South Florida Ecosystem Restoration and the Herbert Hoover Dike. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ). 
Page 3, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to offer this amendment and to speak in support of 
a program that is important to my constituents and to all of those around the Great Lakes. 
The Great Lakes Fishery and Ecosystem Restoration, also known as ‘‘GLFER,’’ is responsible for the planning, design, and construction of projects to protect and restore the fisheries and aquatic habitat of the Great Lakes. These projects include the restoration of riverside and wetland habitats, the construction of fish passages, and improving spawning and nursery habitats. A critical part of this program is that it requires a 35 percent cost share from a local sponsor. So it is not just Federal money. It is local money as well to fund this project. 
with a stake in the Great Lakes, including the Great Lakes Commission, the Alliance for the Great Lakes, the Great Lakes Fishery Commission, and the Great Lakes fishing community. 
one of my constituents and a board member of the Apostle Islands Sport Fisherman’s Association, recently shared with me the importance of this program. He recounted: ‘‘In recent discussions with groups in Lake Superior’s basin, sport fishermen are in unanimous agreement that the GLFER program offers invaluable support to fishery habitat and ecosystem restoration projects that maintain and restore the health of our Great Lakes.’’ 
support and the backing of environmental, industry, and recreational groups. Not often in this House do we see this kind of support across the spectrum. 
It is authorized under WRRDA, similar to other regional restoration programs in south Florida and the Louisiana coastline, which are funded by the Army Corps of Engineers in this bill. Unfortunately, for the past several years, the Corps has chosen to include no funding for this program in the budget request. This is despite the calls from Congress to do so. In fact, language in the final funding bill for fiscal year 2015 urged the Corps to ‘‘budget for this aquatic habitat restoration program in future budget submissions as it is important to the overall Great Lakes Restoration effort.’’ Again, they didn’t include it in their budget. 
This amendment is intended to ensure that the Army Corps actually provides the $10 million necessary for the GLFER program in this fiscal year. This program should not have to rely on funding from other Great Lakes programs or wait for the leftovers of the Corps’ to fund this very important project. I would hope that the Corps would follow the advice of Congress and actually account for this program in next year’s budget request—actually listen to us. 
work on this legislation and for their support on this issue. I would urge my 
to support our fish, and to support this bipartisan effort. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to say to my fellow Great Lakes member that I appreciate his coming down here tonight at this late hour and representing the interests of the Great Lakes. We need stronger voices, and you, obviously, are one of those. 
I am so glad that you are calling the 
Corps to task to pay attention to our region and to all of the improvements that are necessary to deal with the most vital body of freshwater on the face of the Earth and, certainly, in our country. I want to thank you very much, Congressman DUFFY , for your 
proposal. I think that the Corps will hear you. Many of us want to work with you and to do what we can to help not just this generation but those that follow in having access to this globally critical, precious freshwater resource that we call the Great Lakes. Thank you so very much for coming down this evening. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
amendment and for all of her work on the Great Lakes. 
wonderful bipartisan group that has a wide variety of opinions in this Chamber but that comes together to support the health and wellbeing of our Great Lakes and of our fisheries. Thank you for your support. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $275,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order against the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $27,000,000)’’. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $96,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arkansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the committee chairman and the staffs for their hard work in putting this bill together. I know it has taken a lot of time and the work of a lot of people to get it here today. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment restores funding for the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project, which is the largest flood control project in the world, to its FY15 enacted levels. The MR&T is critical in preventing widely devastating floods and to ensure this waterway remains open and able to carry the massive stream of trade that is so vital to American commerce. The Mississippi River is a thriving economic thoroughfare in the United States, with billions of tons of cargo being transported up and down the river each year. 
role in protecting the lower Mississippi valley from floods and enabling continuous navigation along the Mississippi River and its tributaries. Since its inception in 1928, our Nation has received $45 for every dollar invested while preventing $612 billion in flood damages and protecting 4 million residents of the lower Mississippi River valley. The success of the project was on display in 2011, when the system withheld historic flooding that exceeded the benchmark set by the very 1927 flood which spurred the creation of the MR&T. 
lives and property in the lower Mississippi valley, but it also promotes navigation along the river and its tributaries, and it helps support a vibrant agriculture economy. Over 500 million tons of cargo move on the Mississippi River system each year, saving billions of dollars in domestic transportation costs and giving U.S. businesses a natural advantage. 
At a time when the fiscal environment forces us to carefully evaluate where every dollar goes, I believe it is prudent to sufficiently fund projects like those covered under MR&T, which give taxpayers a return on their investment. I urge the support of this critical project. 
I thank the chairman for his consideration, and I look forward to continuing to work with the committee and the chairman through the appropriations process on this critical investment in the Midsouth region. 
Mr. Chair, at this time, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,058,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and 
for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided , That 1 percent of the total amount of 
funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
Page 4, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $36,306,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I rise this evening to offer an amendment, along with my friend, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN), to ensure that the Federal Government meets its obligations to our ports, to our harbors, and, frankly, to the American people. 
Just last year, this body overwhelmingly passed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, WRRDA, 
by a vote of 412–4. It was later then 
signed into law by President Obama. WRRDA includes a glide path to increase harbor maintenance funding to a level collected through the harbor maintenance tax, directing Congress this fiscal year to spend 69 percent of all of the funds collected from the user fee of that harbor maintenance. Now, that is just 69 percent this year with a 10year glide path, and we are pleased that we are going to be able to use all of that funding for its intended purpose. 
While I was hoping to achieve full expenditure for the trust fund right away, I was willing to compromise on this glide path as a step in the right direction. Unfortunately, the current version of the Energy and Water bill falls short of the mark by just over $36 million. 
working with us on a bipartisan and, I should say, a bicoastal way with my coming from the west side of Michigan, the west coast of Michigan—and we have got the West Coast of the country with California—and for finding a bipartisan solution to hit the target and offset the cost by reducing spending elsewhere. 
we believe that this will ensure that the 140 federally maintained commercial and recreational ports and harbors in the Great Lakes will be adequately maintained. These Federal harbor channels, like Pentwater, White Lake, Ludington, Muskegon, Holland, and Grand Haven, in my district, are the lifeblood of these very communities. Let’s keep our promise to these communities and to the taxpayers who support this and allow their ports and harbors to be engines of economic growth and create jobs for American workers, farmers, and manufacturers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
There was no objection. Ms. HAHN. I yield myself such time 
and good friend from Michigan in offering the HuizengaHahn amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill in order to utilize the harbor maintenance trust fund at the target set forth in the recently passed Water Resources Reform and Development Act. As my colleague said, this is a very important part of what we compromised on in the WRRDA bill. 
busiest port complex in Los Angeles, along with Long Beach, and as the cofounder of the Ports Caucus, along with TEDPOE, I have fought so hard 
since the first day I came to Congress to increase the funding for our Nation’s ports and to fully utilize this harbor 
maintenance trust fund to ensure that the money that is collected at our ports goes back to our ports. 
colleagues, we reached a plan to finally put the harbor maintenance trust fund to work and fully utilize it by 2025, but this bill on the floor today fails to follow the law we passed just last year with an overwhelming vote of 404–4. This bill is $36 million behind our targets. For our Nation to remain globally competitive, we need to fund our port infrastructure. 
According to the Army Corps of Engineers, we need to fully fund our harbor maintenance tax for 5 years to fully dredge our ports. Ports are crucial across this country. Americans expect to go to Target and have tennis shoes or toys on its shelves; our farmers need efficient ports to export our agriculture products, and we cannot let America’s infrastructure crumble. That is unacceptable. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment because it is critically important that we provide the necessary funding to ensure that our ports are fully dredged and properly maintained. The port in Wilmington, North Carolina, plays a vital role in helping our State’s farmers and other businesses export their goods to foreign markets. 
Wilmington’s port contributes $14 billion toward North Carolina’s economy and supports, both directly and indirectly, nearly 77,000 jobs in our State. Without the proper funding, our ports will continue to deteriorate, and we risk putting our farmers and local industry—indeed, America—at a competitive disadvantage. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). 
Chairman, I rise to speak in favor of the Huizenga and Hahn amendment. First, I would like to commend our Committee on Appropriations’ efforts on the increased Army Corps of Engineers budget on the navigation safety and efficiency. 
The committee’s work this year, despite very low numbers from the budget, has been difficult. I would like to thank the chair, ranking member, and staff for your hard work in working with us. 
water infrastructure needs. Representing a large part of the Port of Houston, our need for operation and maintenance, as well as construction money, is significant. I greatly appreciate the committee’s efforts to fund our needs by appropriating more than $32 million for harbor maintenance, but 
this amount does not reflect the amount the Port of Houston needs or the amount of revenue it generates. The Port of Houston is the second largest port in the country by tonnage. The Port of Houston ranks number one in foreign tonnage. 
Port of Houston requires more than $50 million annually. Currently, the Port of Houston has a backlog of projects with the Corps of Engineers totaling almost $100 million. 
The Port of Houston generates significant tax revenue, both for the State and Federal Government. To meet the challenges and opportunities of the 21st century, the Port of Houston needs the funding allocated from the harbor maintenance trust fund. 
The Water Resources Reform and Development Act, WRRDA, requires that 69 percent of harbor maintenance trust fund fees be spent on related activities. While the energy and water appropriators have done great things with limited resources, this bill shortchanges the Port of Houston and many other ports across the country. 
I support the HuizengaHahn amendment. The approximately $37 million shortfall significantly impacts the ability of the Port of Houston to receive larger ships, and it is our job to meet these demands. 
Chair, at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). 
the money for the whole E and W bill. 
amendment to ensure that Congress remains faithful to its obligation to fund important infrastructure projects. The harbor maintenance trust fund takes in enough revenue each year to provide the necessary maintenance of our harbor ports and channels. 
these funds has failed to keep up with the annual revenues. This amendment would simply keep us on schedule to hit the harbor maintenance target authorized by law in the Water Resource Reform and Development Act. 
Engineers provide dredging and maintenance for critical ports and channels throughout the country. In my district alone, these funds have been used to provide needed dredging at the Lake Providence Harbor, the Madison Parish Port, and ensure that the Ouachita and 
Black Rivers and the J. Bennett Johnston Waterway remain open to transportation and commerce. 
amendment that will keep our Nation’s critical arteries open for business. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I just really want to thank Chairman SIMPSON  
and Ranking Member K APTUR for allowing us to offer this amendment tonight. I really want to thank my colleague, Mr. HUIZENGA , for his incredible 
across this country will thank the gentleman, but more importantly, I really believe that, when our ports and waterways are strong, this country will be strong, and I thank the gentleman very much for that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Chair, I, too, want to thank my colleague, Ms. HAHN, for her work on the 
HuizengaHahn amendment. It has been a pleasure to work with her over a few years as we have gone to battle over this issue and for this issue; and ultimately, as she pointed out, having a port system that is functional, that is usable, is critical to the economy of our Nation. 
I, too, want to thank Chairman SIMPSONfor his work and willingness to sit 
down and work through some issues with us. I pledge to the chairman—and I know Representative HAHN does as 
well—that, as we are going through this process, we will continue to refine how the harbor maintenance trust fund works, and I look forward to having this amendment be passed. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the gentleman from Michigan and the gentlelady from California for working with us on this. 
What a lot of people may not understand is the challenge that presents us with the harbor maintenance trust fund and the way it is scored and the way it is counted for. I am one who believes that, if you have got a problem and you are going to tax people in order to address that problem, you ought to spend the money that you are receiving to address the problem. 
as I think the gentleman said, 69 percent is the target—we will only spend 69 percent of what came in this year in the harbor maintenance trust fund on actually dredging the harbors and so forth. That seems rather silly. I think we ought to be able to spend it all if we have got a problem. If we are not going to spend it all, we shouldn’t tax it. 
things and the budget around here is that we are given an overall cap in the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. We have to have our total bill come in under that cap. 
If we spend more money in the harbor maintenance area, even though we have that money in a trust fund, then we have to decrease spending in everything else, such as the other energy portions of the bill or something like that, so increasing it even more decreases what we can spend in other needed areas. That is the challenge we face. 
What I would like to do is work with 
all of the supporters of the harbor maintenance trust fund to find a way that we can address this issue—it is really an issue created by us—but address this issue so that the funds that we collect in the harbor maintenance trust fund can actually go out and do what we expect them to do. 
California and the gentleman from Michigan and the others that are interested. I should mention the other gentleman from Louisiana that is not here that has been an advocate for this for many years and many Congresses, Mr. BOUSTANY . I do thank you for working 
on this and working with the committee to try to address this to see if we can get up to the target. 
The other thing is it was said that we 
didn’t reach the target in this. While it depends on kind of how you look at it, there are, as you know, other purposes for which the harbor maintenance trust fund is spent, Saint Lawrence Seaway and also for one of the other accounts in transportation for border security and stuff. 
If you count those in the total spending of WRRDA, it probably does come close to reaching the target, as long as those committees appropriate what was requested. I don’t know whether they will or not, but if they do. 
we have come up with the best we can do to address this. I know it is of high importance to all Members of Congress. I thank the gentlelady and the gentleman for working with the committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
Page 4, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
Page 6, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
here in Washington are nonsensical. Our tax system is not competitive; our immigration system is not competitive; our regulatory system is not competitive, and our infrastructure is deteriorating. Our ports are certainly a very, very critical part of our infrastructure. When we have a situation where it 
takes 15plus years to get environmental permitting done for the Port Everglades, when we are on the fourth year of studying the Charleston port— one of the most efficient ports on the East Coast—and when it has been 10 years since we have had dredging funds for the small Port of Georgetown in my district, our infrastructure continues to deteriorate; the country becomes less competitive, and thousands more American jobs are lost. 
difficult for small harbors to compete with larger projects. Given this competition for scarce funds, very few small projects make the President’s budget and receive funding. 
Mr. Chairman, is to remove $4.5 million from the Army Corps’ regulatory budget, which the regulatory division of the Army Corps of Engineers continues to grow and promulgate more regulations that make our country even less competitive, such as the expansion of the Clean Water Act that are currently proposed. 
regulatory division and put it into the operating and maintenance division so that these moneys can be used to actually make our ports work again. 
showing, and we need to increase money to maintenance accounts so that our harbors can compete. In my district, the Port of Georgetown has not received maintenance dredging in over a decade. This is a port that handled 1.7 million tons of cargo in the year 2000. The economy in the area is largely dependent on the port, and the port is getting more and more shallow each year. 
pledged $18 million for port dredging. The ports authority in South Carolina has pledged $5 million, and even the Georgetown County voters have passed a referendum that will apply $6 million to dredge the harbor. Currently, Georgetown is waiting for the President or the Army Corps of Engineers to realize its importance and fund the Federal portion of this project. 
maintenance account to be sufficient, which is why my amendment transfers $4.5 million from regulatory activities to maintaining our harbors. 
Mr. SIMPSON. It is my understanding the gentleman is going to withdraw the amendment after speaking on it. 
chairman is going to oppose my amendment, I will withdraw it out of respect for the chairman. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I certainly understand the desire and the need for sufficient funding for harbor maintenance. That was a debate we just had here on the floor, but this House adopted an amendment from my colleague from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) to meet the annual target 
set for the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014. We hit the target we all agreed to. 
issue with some of the regulatory changes this administration is pursuing, the Corps does need funding for processing permits in a timely manner. 
The underlying bill already eliminates funding for the changes to the waters of the United States. We do not want to slow down other necessary activities. 
gentleman’s amendment, but I certainly understand his concern and his desire with this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  
for their work on this good piece of legislation. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. Are there further 
If not, the Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Page 6, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $424,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment which seeks to ensure the adequate resources for the Department of Energy’s inspector general’s office. 
and Government Reform Committee, I am a firm believer in oversight of the Federal Government. The more sunlight on Federal activity, the more honest and efficient it will be. I am also a strong proponent of our inspector general community. 
passed into law, the IG community has saved taxpayers billions of dollars and has uncovered countless examples of wrongdoing in the Federal Government. 
I just read a GAO investigation report yesterday that found that loans currently in the Department of Energy portfolio are expected to cost the taxpayers more than $2.2 billion. The report went on to state that $807 million of the $2.2 billion is a result of bad loans that have already defaulted. In fact, five major DOE loans have already defaulted from the agency’s 2014 portfolio. 
the taxpayers from these flawed DOE loans could even exceed the $2.2 billion estimated figure. ‘‘The final credit subsidy cost of a given loan or loan guarantee will not be known until the life of the loan is complete . . . Both DOE loan programs can expose the government and taxpayers to substantial financial risk if borrowers default.’’ 
committee report accompanying this bill: ‘‘The committee is also concerned that the Department is failing in its responsibility to ensure that DOE contracts with incurred costs valued at billions of dollars per year are audited in a timely manner.’’ 
and accountability within DOE that needs to change. It is the responsibility of the DOE inspector general to report to Congress on these issues so that we can rectify these problems and ensure taxpayers aren’t exposed to another Solyndra. 
I applaud the committee for recommending resources above and beyond last year’s enacted levels, but the recommended level is still beneath the President’s budget request. 
Let’s give the inspector general’s office the resources it needs. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the passage of this commonsense amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $104,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
Page 6, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $22,661,000)’’. 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $34,000,000)’’. Page 24, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $227,000)’’. 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $32,262,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment continues the effort to stop or, at least in this case, to freeze appropriations that are made for agencies whose legal authorizations lapsed many years and even decades ago. 
House have forbidden spending any money for purposes unauthorized by current law; yet today, about onethird of our discretionary spending is for unauthorized programs. 
rule against unauthorized spending cannot be enforced because it is always waived by the resolutions that bring these bills to the floor. 
billion in unauthorized spending for programs that have not been reviewed by the authorizing committees since as far back as 1980, Jimmy Carter’s last year in office. 
these programs are valuable and worthy of taxpayer dollars, but surely others are not. The fact that they have not been authorized in as many as 35 years ought to warn us to at least be a little more careful in continuing to fund them. 
Rather than review our spending decisions and making tough choices about spending priorities, Congress simply rubberstamps these programs out of habit, year after year. It is no wonder we are so deeply in debt with so little to show for it. 
unauthorized programs, as the House rules require. It simply freezes spending on them at last year’s level. 
The cuts contained in this amendment total $129 million, or about thirtysix onehundredths of 1 percent of the total spending in this bill. 
This House has a responsibility to examine these programs, reauthorize the ones that work, and modify or end the 
but it has no incentive, as long as we keep funding them and, worse, increasing the funding that these programs receive. 
In a sense, this is a token. It is a 
symbol. Reducing this bill by thirtysix onehundredths of 1 percent will have no appreciable effect on the $35.5 million in this appropriation or the $3.8 trillion the Federal Government plans to spend this year, but I hope that it will send a subtle but clear message that the Members of this House insist that the Congress reassert its constitutional responsibility to authorize Federal spending and to enforce its own rules that prohibit spending blindly on unauthorized programs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
all honesty, I understand what he is trying to do, and I agree with him in many ways; but, when he says we have to observe the rules of the House, the rules of the House also allow for the Rules Committee to write a rule that overrides the rules of the House. If it is approved by a majority, guess what, that is what happens. We are following the rules of the House, but he raises a point that is of concern—and should be. 
Subcommittee, we tried to defund the Endangered Species Act and designations of critical habitat because the Endangered Species Act had not been reauthorized for something like 23 or 26 years. 
to put the money back into it, but we were trying to make a point—and I was supported by the chairman of the Resources Committee—but we were trying to make the point that the authorizing committees need to get busy and do their job. I fully believe that. 
haven’t done anything to reauthorize the Endangered Species Act, and the chairman at that time supported what we were trying to do. I haven’t seen any reauthorization bills come up. 
Now, if you look at what is not authorized in the Federal Government right now—or where authorizations have expired—I think there is a reason for an expiration date. It is so that you go in and review the program and see if the need is still there, can we do it better, do we need to make changes, is there still a justification for the program. 
The problem is the authorizing committees have failed in many respects in that responsibility. If we were to simply defund everything where authorizations have expired—I think the Department of State authorization has expired; I am not sure we want to defund the Department of State; some people might want to—but there is an awful lot. I think, in most senior programs, the authorizations have expired, and 
valid point and one that I would like to help work with him on trying to address, the Appropriations Committee is trying to do our job of oversight. That is why we have hearings. 
Is it the best place to do oversight of 
the need for the programs? We do oversight on how the money is spent and so forth, but the authorizing committees are the best place to look at the programs and see in their totality if they are still needed or not. 
is not what the gentleman from California wants—while I sympathize with what the gentleman is trying to do— and even agree with what he is trying to do—I have to rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, but I thank him for bringing a very important subject to this floor. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I move to 
Ms. KAPTUR. I, as well as the chairman, appreciate the gentleman coming to the floor and pointing out some of the inadequacies of process here, but I wanted to just state for the record that a couple of the items that the gentleman targets, I think, would do damage to the country. 
with cleaning up the cold war legacy, that means that communities across our country that sacrificed in the name of the country would have to wait even longer for a resolution to the contamination that exists. 
from coasttocoast. When you start looking, you almost want to close the book because there is so much, and I think that the communities that have been dealing with these remediation problems over the years would not appreciate the gentleman’s amendment this evening. 
something about ARPAE, where we have our advanced energy research going on. You know, the United States is not energy secure. We are still too vulnerable here at home on many levels, and ARPAE provides us with a real global advantage. 
I don’t think we need to shave anything from ARPAE because if I look at some of the competition that is coming at us from China, for example, it is even coming in very unfair ways, such as hacking into our intellectual property that any of our private companies hold. 
future, really, with what we are doing within the global marketplace. So I think the gentleman is very wellintentioned in trying to have regular order. I wish that it all worked so perfectly, but I don’t think that we should hurt communities across this country nor 
the longterm energy interests of the Nation, because I think that is what would be done if the gentleman’s amendment were to pass. 
RECORD and rise in opposition, but I respect the gentleman for coming down here and for trying to perfect the way that we conduct the affairs of the Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
nothing. All that it does is to freeze spending of those unauthorized programs at last year’s level until the authorizing committees actually sit down and review them and revise them and reauthorize them. Nor is anything in the NDAA affected by this freeze. 
sympathy, but I would trade it in a moment for his support. And I would point out that this amendment, the whole point of this amendment is that authorizing committees have got to review, reauthorize, revise, or repeal these measures. They have got to do one of those things. 
want to go to all of the fuss and bother of reviewing these programs, taking on entrenched interests, asking hard questions, making people cranky in the process, when all they have to do, under our current practice, is sit there, do absolutely nothing, and the funding, just like the mighty Mississippi, just keeps rolling along. 
responsibly. We have a responsibility to the American people to do that heavy lifting, to go through these programs with a finetooth comb, to make the revisions that are necessary according to our own experience and, in the most important mandate this Congress has been given, to stop wasting people’s money. 
suggest that it is going to have dire consequences, cutting thirtysix one hundredths of 1 percent of the total funds in this bill, is a measure of how out of control our thinking on spending has gotten. 
ask for this single token, that we take a stand and at least freeze the unauthorized spending. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman for his comments and for proposing this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
idea, when he says stop wasting taxpayer money that, just because we are funding these programs that haven’t been reauthorized, we are wasting taxpayer money. We actually look at these programs very deeply when we do the appropriations process. 
And, in fact, I wouldn’t want to suggest to the American people that we never eliminate any program that authorizations have expired on or whose need we have deemed has run out. When I was chairman of the Committee on the Interior, I think we eliminated something like 59 different programs that we no longer needed. So it is not that we sit here and just continue to fund things, but we do look at the programs, the need for the programs. 
about the need to somehow change this so that the authorizing committees can do their—or will do their—authorizations work. But the Appropriations Committee holds probably more hearings than any other committee in this body and looks at these programs very deeply. 
is necessary and what is appropriate for funding between Members of this body, but what we come out with is a bill that we think a majority of the Members of this body can support. 
the gentleman from California to try to address what is a real problem that he brings up, but I would hope my colleagues would oppose this amendment. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $34,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Division Engineers; and for costs of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $180,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided , 
That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund 
the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further , That 
any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the Assistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. 
this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; 
used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act; 
project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or; 
or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less. 
project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, section 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986, section 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992. 
in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. 
in this or any other Act making appropriations for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
Page 10, beginning on line 10, strike section 104. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed 
amendment is very simple. It strikes section 104 of this bill. 
Corps of Engineers from updating regulations pertaining to the definitions of ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
Clean Water Act, and for nearly 35 years after its passage, the law kept America’s lakes, rivers, and streams safe from mining pollution, protecting our wildlife and our drinking water. That is no longer the case today. 
antiClean Water Act rider. Current and future administrations should have the flexibility to change the definitions of ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ should they wish to. 
Clean Water Act, the 404 permit process was supposed to be used for certain construction projects like bridges and roads where raising the bottom elevation of a water body or converting an area into dry land was unavoidable. 
Under a 2002 rule change, the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ was broadened to include: ‘‘rock, sand, soil, clay, plastics, construction debris, wood chips, and overburden from mining or other excavation activities.’’ The revised rule also removed regulatory language which previously excluded ‘‘waste’’ discharges from section 404 jurisdiction, a change that some argue allows the use of 404 permits to authorize certain discharges that harm the aquatic environment. 
In sum, the net effect of the 2002 rule 
change was to alter the Corps permit process in ways that Congress never intended. It was not congressional intent to allow mining refuse and similar material, some of it hazardous, to qualify 
more thorough environmental review and meet Federal pollution standards. Downstream water users have every right to be concerned that the section 404 process fails to protect them from the discharge of hazardous substances. 
perfect example. A permit allows the discharge of toxic wastewater from a gold ore processing mill to go untreated directly into the lake, despite the fact that the discharge violates EPA’s standards for the mining industry. 
chemicals known to pose health risks to humans and aquatic animals, and continuing the practice of dumping this waste into our Nation’s streams and rivers is dangerous and irresponsible. EPA estimates that 120 miles per year of headwater streams are buried with the chemicalladen discharge as a result of surface mining operations under the existing definitions of ‘‘fill.’’ 
found evidence that mining activities can have severe impacts on downstream aquatic life and the biological 
conditions of a stream. That same study found that 9 out of every 10 streams downstream from surface mining operations were impaired based on assessments of aquatic life. 
Mr. Chairman, this provision is a preemptive strike against protecting our drinking water, and since there is no time limit on the provision, it would not only block the current Obama administration, but any future administration from considering changes. 
amendment and to strike section 104 from this bill. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman from Virginia. It seems like old times. You just changed your appearance. 
Mr. Moran and I, your colleague before you, he and I had this discussion many, many times on the Clean Water Act and waters of the United States and fill material and so forth, and it seems like you just look different than he used to. 
this amendment. The language in the bill is intended simply to maintain the status quo regarding what is ‘‘fill material’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and finalized by the Bush administration. The rule aligned the definitions on the books of the Corps and the EPA, so that both agencies were working with the same definition. 
some have proposed, could effectively kill mining operations across much of 
this country. For that reason, I support the underlying language in the bill. That is why we put it in the bill, and I oppose this amendment. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
in this or any other Act making appropriations for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relating to such jurisdiction, and the guidance documents dated January 15, 2003, and December 2, 2008, relating to such jurisdiction. 
Page 10, beginning on line 19, strike section 105. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would simply strike section 105. As it stands, section 105 would prevent the Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing its proposed regulation clarifying the limits of Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. 
This language is not new. I understand we have seen it a number of times. The difference is that the conversation has since progressed, and almost everyone agrees that clarity is needed. Calls for the EPA to issue a rule even came from such notable organizations as the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the Western Business Roundtable, and the National Association of Manufacturers. 
rule, as section 105 would direct, would perpetuate this confusion, and there are countless cases that reiterate this point. 
enforcement difficulties in a case in which storm water from construction sites carried oil, grass, grease, and other pollutants into tributaries to the San Pedro River, which is an internationally recognized river ecosystem supporting diverse wildlife but where the waters in question only flow for part of the year. The Agency stated 
that it ‘‘had to discontinue all enforcement cases in this area because it was so timeconsuming and costly to prove that the Clean Water Act protects these rivers.’’ 
through a public comment process and appropriate congressional oversight, allow the administration to move forward and complete a formal rulemaking. 
It also needs to be said that the opponents of the Clean Water rule have it wrong. The proposed rule respects agriculture and the law by maintaining all of the existing exemptions for agricultural discharges and water. It identifies specific types of water bodies to which it does not apply, areas like artificial lakes and ponds, and many types of drainage and irrigation ditches. It does not extend Federal protection to any waters not historically protected under the Clean Water Act, and it is fully consistent with the law and the decisions of the Supreme Court. 
commonsense plan to make clean water a priority by protecting the sources that feed the drinking water for more than 117 million Americans. 
protect clean water, 20 million acres of wetlands nationwide will continue to be at risk. Stopping this proposal will also impact the small businesses and communities that rely on clean water. 
when the Federal Government has authority and when it doesn’t, and without updated guidance, businesses will often not know when they need Army Corps of Engineers permits. This uncertainty could subject them to civil and criminal liability and will certainly cost them extra money. 
The clean water rule will largely restore but not expand historic coverage of the Clean Water Act at no direct cost to the public. EPA estimates that the clean water rule would provide up to $514 million annually in benefits to the public. 
essential. We need to allow EPA and the Corps to do their job and clarify their rules and guidance. If they fail to do it in accordance with existing law, more lawsuits will ensue. 
riders are part of an effort to return us to a time when we had no uniform national minimum clean water standard and States had conflicting policies or no policies at all. That was a time when rivers were so polluted, they caught fire, and responsible downstream States suffered the consequences of lax or weak upstream States’ policies. 
Today we have cleaner, more drinkable waters precisely because of the Clean Water Act. 
in strong opposition to this amendment. Last spring, the administration proposed a rule that would greatly expand the Federal jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act to include waters that were traditionally understood to be under State jurisdiction. 
Let me repeat that. Many people believed that if the waters were not regulated under the Clean Water Act, they were unregulated. Not true. They were regulated by the States. And that is where it should remain. 
under the Clean Water Act, under ‘‘navigable waters,’’ what the heck does that mean? It was very confusing. Does it mean navigable by a steamship, navigable by a boat, a canoe, an inner tube? And the Court said, You need to clarify this. 
we can clarify that. We will just control all the waters and take them out of State control. 
I think that is a problem, and I can 
tell you that it is a real problem for States in the West, particularly. 
inconsistent with two separate Supreme Court decisions that clearly said the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency had gone too far in that Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act was not as broad as they had claimed. 
the responsibility of State and local officials who are familiar with the people and local issues. 
and the Army Corps of Engineers, they are saying intermittent streams. Any streams that don’t have water running in them, but maybe a month or two a year, now fall under their jurisdiction. 
which is what this is—you know, the hip bone is connected to the leg bone is connected to the knee bone sort of thing—under the connectivity rule, while they say that this is not their intent, there is no way that you cannot eventually say that we are going to control groundwater also—not just surface water but groundwater also—because it is connected to the surface water also. 
clarity on the issue of Federal jurisdiction, providing clarity does not trump the need to stay within the limits of the law. The proposed rule would expand Federal jurisdiction far beyond what was ever intended by the Clean Water Act. The provision in the Energy and Water bill does not weaken the Clean Water Act. It stops the administration from expanding Federal jurisdiction. 
this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— 
for an open lake placement alternative of dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1341. 
the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $9,874,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,000,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $1,300,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further , That for fiscal year 
2016, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. 
The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $948,640,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,899,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: 
Provided , That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the 
amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further , 
That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further , That funds advanced under 43 
U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further , That of 
the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for highpriority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Appropriations Act, that provides additional, critical resources for the Bureau of Reclamation to undertake projects that address the historic and severe drought conditions across the West. 
droughts in modern history is ravaging our Nation’s crops, choking our fragile economic recovery, and placing our water supply in unprecedented jeopardy. 
the contiguous United States suffered drought conditions, and the West continues to bear the brunt of this burden. In the Olympic Mountains of northwest Washington State, the snowpack contained just 7 percent of the average. In California, the drought is the worst to hit the State since recordkeeping started in 1895. 2013 was the driest year on record, and 2014 was the hottest. 
are harsh and farreaching, threatening public health, degrading the environment, increasing the risk of wildfires, and hampering a wide range of industries. 
In 2012, California’s agriculture industry contributed over $45 billion to the United States economy. Last year, because of the drought, hundreds of thousands of acres were left fallow because sufficient water was unavailable. According to a University of California 
direct economic output and the devastating loss of 17,100 seasonal and parttime jobs. 
These effects will be felt by Americans across the country. This year, the price of fruits and vegetables is expected to rise 3 percent, in part due to the severe drought conditions in California. 
down groundwater supplies in California will have dangerous public health impacts. In rural communities, where residents rely on wells for drinking water, reduced groundwater levels result in higher concentrations of contaminants, including dangerous nitrates and arsenic. 
breeding grounds for mosquitoes. The California Department of Public Health announced in April that the State had a recordbreaking number of deaths related to the mosquitoborne West Nile virus in 2014. 
conditions could also increase the number of cases of valley fever, a potentially fatal disease caused by a fungus called Coccidioides that can grow in the soil and becomes airborne if the soil dries out. While the majority of people exposed to the spores do not exhibit symptoms, people who start to develop the disease can have cough, fever, headache, and, in rare cases, it can lead to death. 
It is time for action at all levels of 
government to address the dangerous economic and public health impacts of ignoring this drought. 
desert, local water agencies are working to help residents, businesses, and municipalities convert their lawns and landscaping into waterefficient desert landscapes. 
Reclamation is investing in publicprivate partnerships to help improve the delivery of water for agricultural users, which in turn allows them to invest in more waterefficient irrigation techniques, such as drip irrigation. 
The Bureau can also help communities whose wells have run dry due to excessive groundwater pumping install relief wells that provide, in some cases, the only source of freshwater for an entire town. And through one of the most successful water conservation grant programs, the WaterSMART program, the Bureau has helped local water agencies, tribal governments, irrigation districts, and State agencies implement water conservation techniques 
that have conserved over 860,000 acre feet of water since 2009. 
amendment would simply shift funding away from taxpayersubsidized fossil fuel research that benefits the wealthiest oil companies that can pay for the research themselves and redirect it toward critical Bureau of Reclamation activities to address the impacts of this devastating drought and help mitigate future droughts. We must put the American economy, 
our constituents, and the public’s health above politics and Big Oil. I urge my colleagues to come together to support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
show support for additional funding for projects that are droughtrelated in California and other places, but we must be mindful of the balancing and competing priorities across this bill. 
The gentleman would take $20 million out of the fossil energy account. As I have said before, fossil fuels—such as coal, oil, natural gas—provide nearly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide for the majority of our energy needs for the foreseeable future. 
proposed reductions to fossil energy and, instead, funds these programs at $605 million, $34 million above last year. With this additional funding, the Office of Fossil Energy will research how heat can more efficiently be converted into electricity in a crosscutting effort with nuclear and solar energy programs, how water can be more efficiently used in power plants, and how coal can be used to produce electric power through fuel cells. 
This amendment would reduce funding for a program that ensures that we use our Nation’s abundant fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as possible. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment and urge other Members to do so. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I urge my colleagues to come together in a bipartisan fashion and support my amendment to ensure the Bureau dedicates essential resources towards projects that will help keep Americanmade food on the table and prevent a dangerous rise in food prices across the country, again, just taking money from taxpayersubsidized research that they can afford on their own and putting it to combating our drought. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for their collaborative effort in bringing together this bill. 
SIMPSON ’s support of my floor amendment last year, reprogramming funds within the Bureau of Reclamation’s water conservancy and delivery fund to advance and complete ongoing work that would provide efficient delivery of clean drinking water from an existing multipurpose reclamation project, as authorized by Congress in 1962. 
of the Western United States and is absolutely critical to the vitality of our communities and local economies. 
Today I am offering a simple amendment that will bolster the Bureau of Reclamation’s water and related resources account by $2 million, allowing the Bureau of Reclamation to proceed with ongoing water supply delivery projects at a more efficient pace to reach our shared goals in meeting increased water demands by developing and maximizing clean water supplies. 
In Colorado, as is the case throughout the West, we have similar needs to move forward with engineering design work on the authorized features of existing reclamation projects. These projects improve water supply quality, address water shortage issues, improve conservation measures, and stabilize water supplies. 
is an economic driver. In order to attract more economic growth, either in business or agriculture, every industry in the West is dependent upon an ample and safe water supply. 
of Reclamation increased funding to continue with these types of projects while simultaneously improving public health and protecting the environment. These projects are critically important during drought years so that water is appropriately allocated for both municipal and agricultural uses. 
The Bureau’s budget has been previously used for the California Central Valley Project, the Washington State Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project, the Arkansas Valley Conduit in Colorado, and the Lewiston 
It is our hope that this bill gives the 
Bureau of Reclamation the resources it needs to advance vital projects that resolve water shortage issues in the West while enhancing regional development and promoting job growth. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
support of this amendment from my colleague from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
borrowing for the future in this country. We have borrowed for fighting wars, for building roads, and for building space programs. Now, we are borrowing from the future, as opposed to for the future. We have $18 trillion of debt, and we will add to that debt this year. 
and it is required more recently by the EPA’s interpretation of the Clean Water Act. We have 40 communities in southeast Colorado who are in violation of the Clean Water Act because of naturally occurring elements. This amendment offers those communities a future. 
If we have to incur debt, let it be an 
the balance of my time to Chairman SIMPSON . 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentlemen from Colorado, both of them, for offering this amendment and bringing this issue before the committee. We have no objection with the amendment and would be happy to accept it. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in stream purposes if the water is already committed to instream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until 
expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided , That 
funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further , That 
CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2017, $59,500,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided , 
That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until Reclamation complies with congressional and statutory direction related to Technical Memorandum 8140CC20041 (‘‘Corrosion Considerations for Buried Metallic Water Pipe’’) and the associated pipeline reliability study: Provided further , That no part of any other 
appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. 
this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; 
project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; 
activity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or 
the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category; or 
legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased contractor earnings due to accelerated rates of operations, and real estate deficiency judgments. 
transfer of funds within the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category. 
‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. 
Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later 
than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Interior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. 
Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drainage studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy efficiency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,657,774,000, to remain 
such amount, $150,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘reduced by $50,000,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the past 6 years, the policy of the current administration has been to wage a war on coal that has crippled the coal industry and left areas like Virginia’s Ninth District economically devastated, and I believe it has put our access to reliable, affordable electricity in jeopardy. 
The onslaught of harmful, burdensome, and unreasonable regulations on coalfired power plants is continuing in the President’s Clean Power Plan. States must come up with a plan for CO2in 13 months after the final rule is 
released, which is supposed to be that summer. That State plan is then to begin by 2020 and completed by 2030. 
technologies currently in development, but according to the testimony from the Department of Energy, these new technologies are not likely to be ready for prime time until 2025. That is 9 years after the States have to come up with a plan and 5 years after the States have to begin implementing that plan and halfway through the time to come into compliance. 
This is not right. If we are to avoid 
rolling brownouts, coal will have to continued to be used; but, if we don’t take action, it will be illegal to use coal. 
fight more for more reasonable regulations, we must take action to ensure that we can still use coal, should the next administration also be unreasonable and anticoal. 
development and bring the new coal technologies to market, we must spend some money. My amendment will simply add $50 million for fossil energy research and development from energy efficiency and renewable energy for the purpose of aiding the development of these new clean coal technologies so we can continue to have reliable, affordable energy. 
The very least we can do is to make 
sure that coalfired power plants have access to these new technologies in a timely fashion so that they can meet these extremely burdensome regulations. 
underlying bill provides a 6 percent increase in fossil fuel energy research. 
However, when districts like mine are seeing mine after mine shut down and power plants shut down because of numerous regulations on coal, it is clear that more needs to be done. 
oppose the gentleman from Virginia’s amendment. I wanted to point out— perhaps he doesn’t have the full numbers—but the figure that we have, we had a request from the administration of $560 million, and we actually increased the administration’s request by $45 million to a level of $605 million for fossil energy research, which is more than we spent in this fiscal year of 2015. We are spending $571 million this year, so I would say that the fossil energy accounts have been rather well provided for. 
that you are taking the funds from the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account, and that account is not above last year. It is $266 million below 
last year. What is in the account, what remains there, is focused on American manufacturing—which is important in Virginia—and vehicle technology, which are really not partisan interests. 
My own view is that, if you were to 
take the amount of funds that you are proposing out of the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account, you would decimate these programs and further erode manufacturing which has taken such big hits. 
our country has spent $2.3 trillion importing foreign petroleum. This shifts vast amounts of wealth abroad and squelches thousands upon thousands of jobs in our country in the energy sector. 
I agree with the gentleman that a diverse energy portfolio is necessary to eliminate our reliance on imported energy, and we need an ‘‘all of the above’’ strategy. Our bill provides that in terms of not just fossil energy, but renewable energies. We should be leading investment in these technologies across the board and expanding jobs in our country. 
interest—and I know Virginia has coal deposits, so does Ohio—but I really feel that the bill that we have worked out on a bipartisan basis provides very, very well for fossil energy, certainly better than the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy accounts fared. 
would ask our colleagues to join us in doing the same. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), the chairman. 
in support of the amendment. My colleague’s amendment would increase funding for the Fossil Energy research and development program and decrease the EERE account by the same amount as an offset. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague’s concern to protect the fossil fuel industry against overreach by this administration’s Clean Power Plan proposal. 
This amendment would advance research and development in allowing robust utilization of our abundant natural resources in a safe and efficient way. Therefore, I support the amendment and urge Members to do the same. 
of my time, Mr. Chairman, I would have to say that I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments, and I appreciate the chairman’s support. 
thousands of jobs in the central Appalachian region, and according to the Bristol Herald Courier in a recent article, 1,000 jobs have been lost in the last year alone in the coal fields. That is one concern. 
several coalpowered power plants in my district, and we are going to have serious problems if we don’t do something. If we are going to continue down this path, we have to help the industry. We have to help make sure that we are burning the coal in a clean manner, and this is the way to do it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $266,161,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $355,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment increases the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $266 million, to simply restore it to last year’s levels, with an offset from the fossil energy account. 
My amendment will boost energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives across America that have a proven return on investment for taxpayers. 
This amendment is paid for by reducing—but not by eliminating—accounts that do not have the same return on investment for taxpayers. 
America’s commitment to energy efficiency and renewable energy will be slashed by $266 million below the 2015 enacted level and over $1 billion below the budget request. 
could meet the budget request this year, but that doesn’t appear possible, but we should at least restore the money back to last year’s levels, which is still a very modest investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy for America. 
Investments in energy efficiency create jobs and help make our businesses more competitive compared to businesses all across the globe. In addition, energy efficiency reduces costs for consumers. Wouldn’t that be revolutionary, that we put money back into the pockets of our neighbors back home? 
The amount proposed for energy efficiency and renewable energy in the Republican bill is so low that America will have to reduce the number of research, development, and demonstration projects with industry, with our universities, and in our national labs. America should be a leader in innovation and technological advancement, but instead, the Republican bill says America should take a back seat. 
take a back seat to no one. We are in the midst of a technological revolution when it comes to energy. Look at what is happening across our great country. We have an incredibly diverse energy portfolio and a growing clean energy and efficiency sector. This is especially important as we tackle the challenges of the changing climate. 
Yet the Republican bill reduces investment in solar energy technology R&D within the Solar Energy Technologies Office by $81 million, or 35 percent, from last year. That means the Department of Energy’s exciting SunShot Initiative goal of enabling costcompetitive solar electricity without subsidies by 2020 will be delayed for years. 
U.S. solar industry and the jobs it creates that currently employ over 174,000 Americans. It will send an unfortunate signal to the Chinese and foreign competitors that we are ceding this clean energy industry to them. 
in a significant reduction in core solar R&D and the national labs, including the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and Sandia National Laboratories, necessitating reductions in force. 
The Republican bill will also eliminate support for solar industry job training for students and military veterans at more than 400 community colleges across 49 States. This network has been a critical source of trained employees in an industry that is growing and is expected to grow even more with over 200,000 jobs by the end of 2015. 
Ready Vets program would be at risk, and the planned expansion from 3 to 10 military bases would be affected and canceled. Veterans currently make up 10 percent of the solar industry. 
If we do not unleash American ingenuity now, our neighbors back home will face increased costs of the changing climate, such as increases in property insurance, increases in flood insurance, all of this from extreme weather events, increased property taxes from having to protect drinking water supplies, and storm water infrastructure. I would say instead, let’s invest in America. 
all, from older technologies into cuttingedge energy efficiency and clean energy that are so vital to America’s future. 
I appreciate Ranking Member KAPTUR’s vision. She understands that this 
is our future. We are talking about American jobs in American manufacturing. I appreciate her work. And I appreciate Chairman SIMPSON ’s work on 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the Castor 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
gentlewoman from Florida says we should invest. We are investing. This amendment would increase funding for energy efficiency and renewable energy by $266 million, restoring it to last year’s level, by using the fossil energy account as an offset. 
billion, $266 million below last year, and $1.1 billion below the budget request. The recommendation strategically focuses funding on three main priorities: helping American manufacturers compete in the global marketplace, supporting weatherization assistance programs, and supporting basic research into renewable energy sources. These are all areas with broad bipartisan support. 
year was the result of a focused effort to ensure taxpayer funds are spent on the most advanced research projects within these priorities. Increasing funding for EERE by diverting funds from research into fossil energy strikes the wrong balance when considering the Nation’s electricity needs. 
Fossil fuel, such as coal, oil, and natural gas, provide the vast majority of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide our energy needs for the foreseeable future. For example, fossil fuels produce nearly 11 times more electricity than renewable energy fuel sources. I am not against renewable energy. I 
think they are an important part of the mix. They are cute, but they don’t provide the majority of energy that is needed in this country. 
funding for a program that ensures we use our Nation’s fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as possible. Therefore, I must oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would say that the burgeoning jobs being created in American manufacturing and energy efficiency and renewable energy are more than just cute. They are the jobs of the future in America, a clean energy future. 
Castor amendment: vote for America, vote for American jobs, and vote for the future. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
increase the funding for the U.S.Israel Energy Cooperation program from the current $2 million to $4 million. This critical program allows companies across the U.S. to develop cuttingedge technologies with new partners in Israel in order to advance America’s energy goals. 
Cooperative Agreement facilitates greater cooperation and sharing of knowledge between American and Israeli universities on alternative energy. Collaboration between the American and Israeli private sector and academia will significantly enhance U.S. efforts to develop alternative technologies and increase energy efficiency to the benefit of our national security, our economy, and the environment. 
Let me be clear, this is not an aid 
program, but instead a cooperative agreement designed to connect the U.S. and Israeli private sectors in the development of innovative technologies to strengthen our energy security and independence. Reauthorized in 2014 through 2024, the cooperative energy program mandate was expanded to 
cover collaborative research and development into renewable technologies, natural gas, and water—key areas of interest for the United States. 
The program is also designed to leverage matching contributions from both the Israeli and American private sectors; thus, for every dollar Congress appropriates, $3 are invested, contributing to our economy in addition to our energy security. The program has already leveraged over $27 million in private sector investment. This is an excellent way to leverage a modest investment into critical energy innovation to the benefit of both countries. 
support this amendment to make a greater investment in America’s and Israel’s energy future and to support an important bilateral energy cooperation agreement with one of our Nation’s closest allies. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
amendment, which I offer along with Representatives PERLMUTTER , W ELCH , 
LIEU, TONKO , M ATSUI , and C ONNOLLY , 
which would cut the increase provided to the fossil Energy Research and Development account back to its fiscal year 2015 level and put that money toward the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, also known as EERE, account. 
for the Congress this evening: Are we going to invest in the future of energy or are we going to continue to look backwards? 
country when it comes to where we get our energy; however, that does not mean we have to be an alloftheabove country when it comes to how we spend our Federal research dollars. 
fuels, fuels that dirty our environment, that are fundamentally changing our environment, that keep us dependent on foreign sources of energy and are a finite resource. Reliance like this is simply not sustainable over the long 
where our future lies. To put this in perspective, this budget proposes to cut the investment in renewable energy by $266 million from last year, and increase investments in fossil fuel by $34 million. 
ask: Why can’t we run government like a business? This would be similar to a business cutting its cell phone, iPhone, laptop, iPad budget and increasing its pager and landline budget. It is time that we start running government like a business and making investments in renewable energy because they will pay off for our future and also for health and jobs that will be created around them. 
well. I have the opportunity to lead a group in the Congress called Future Forum, and we have gone across the country from New York to Boston to San Francisco talking to young people about what issues matter to them. And across the country the issue is always the same: Why can’t this Congress be more forward looking as to where we get our energy? 
generation who will be living with the consequences of the energy choices we make here today. It is their environment that will be damaged. It is their climate that will be altered, and their energy choices that will be limited if we fail to invest in renewable clean sources of energy now. 
have to make difficult choices about how to allocate scarce resources, and I understand and appreciate that some of the money supported by the Fossil Energy research and development account are seeking to improve how we use fossil fuels. 
But how can we take limited resources to increase spending in any way to support fossil fuels and encourage their use over fiscal year 2016 by $34 million while cutting renewable energy by $266 million? This makes no sense. 
doing. Germany right now receives 30 percent, 30 percent of its energy from renewable sources. Can we not do better than Germany? The only way we can is if we invest in the future. We shouldn’t be increasing funding to continue to use energy sources of the past. 
amendment, to undo this increase and redirect that money towards supporting the energy of the future—renewable energy. 
the same debate we used on the other amendment, so I could just say repeat the same debate. The fact is we are investing in what we use: 85 percent of electricity produced in this country is produced by fossil energies. We invest in that to try to make it more clean. We are the Saudi Arabia of coal. Why would we walk away from that? We can do it cleaner. We can do it more efficiently, and that is what we are investing in. 
energies. It is not that we are just ignoring those other things. In fact, we are investing $1.66 billion in those things. Fossil energy that we use much more than we do renewable energies, only investing $605 million in it. 
bill are in the right place. And while I appreciate what the gentleman is trying to do, I think it would unbalance the bill, and I would urge the rejection of his amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $22,300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
for working on the bill and being willing to listen to this issue. 
the fact that the Water Power Program is vitally important to reducing our dependence on foreign oil. 
hydropower by over $22 million. What the amendment I am offering does is restores that funding and offsets it with Department of Energy administrative costs. 
available, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy source. Requiring only the power of moving water—rivers, streams, and ocean waves and tides— hydropower is domestic and renewable. 
Hydropower is available in every region of the country. A range of technologies exist or are under development to tap the power of waves, tides, and river flows. Thousands of megawatts of potential are available from ocean energy projects from New England to the west coast and Alaska, and from inriver hydrokinetic projects proposed along the Mississippi River and others. 2,200 hydropower plants provide America’s most abundant source of clean, renewable electricity. 
electricity from hydropower than from any other renewable electricity source. It accounted for 56 percent of renewable generation in 2012 and 7 percent of the Nation’s overall electricity generation. 
hydro sites represents an opportunity for new sources of power. By installing more efficient turbines and enhancing performance, existing hydropower infrastructure can generate even more power, sustainably. Harnessing more of this energy will create a truly renewable and green energy source. 
solar. Hydro has a predictable year round output, while solar and wind output can be variable in some areas and necessitates the use of large battery banks and/or alternate power sources. 
a windmill can be difficult on the top of a wind tower, while hydropower provides relatively low maintenance. Hydropower facilities are quiet and often can be made unobtrusive, while many people report that considerable noise is generated by wind power. 
Hydropower also faces a comprehensive regulatory approval process. It involves too many participants, including FERC, the Federal and State resource agencies, local governments, tribes, NGOs, and the public. Currently, there are 60,000 megawatts of preliminary permits and projects awaiting final approval or that are pending before the Commission in 45 States. 
in the top 10 for hydropower potential, and, according to the Department of Energy, of the 80,000 total dams in the United States, 600 have the immediate capability to produce energy. 
the lost and underutilized capacity of abundant, economical, and clean energy right here within our communities while we irresponsibly spend hardearned tax dollars on less viable options. 
At this time, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment from consideration while simultaneously asking for favorable consideration on the bipartisan hydro amendment to be offered very shortly. 
request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today because of the power and potential of water and in support of a bipartisan amendment that I am pleased to offer with my colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman PERRY , and with 
increase funding to the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program by just $9 million, which is a small price tag that will yield a huge return on investment. This increase is offset by an equal amount by the departmental administration account. The modest increase that we are proposing will support hydropower and also the development of innovative hydropower technologies, along with marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies. 
The development of these new technologies can offer the United States a chance to lead the world in an emerging area of abundant renewable energy. Marine and hydrokinetic energy—in particular, energy from waves, currents, and tides, which, unlike the Sun and wind, do not stop—is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy sector. 
the University of Washington, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are 
using Federal funding from the Water Power Program to support the testing and research activities of the Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center, a center that will provide visionary entrepreneurs a domestic location to test wave energy devices, along with other technology, rather than traveling to Scotland to use the European test center. Without continued Federal investment, Europe will remain the leader. 
energy systems could generate a significant amount of total energy used in the United States. As Congress promotes technologies that can help lower our constituents’ energy bills, we must embrace new and innovative solutions, like marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy. With this modest increase, the Water Power Program can do that while continuing to support a Federal investment in conventional hydropower technology. 
the bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I see the 
amendment as a reasonable, bipartisan approach and agreement which has seen favorable consideration in this House in the past. 
is the Nation’s most available, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy source. It seems to me, while we spend a lot of money, time, and energy on unproven resources, this is one that has stood the test of time. As a matter of fact, it is one of the beginning sources of energy not only in the United States but around the globe, and if we should be spending any of our resources, this is one that we know. This is one that is in every community. This is one that is clean. This is one that doesn’t create too much noise for people, and it doesn’t hurt fish. All it does is produce power without doing anything else, so it is hard to argue why we wouldn’t be in support of this amendment and this program. 
to vote in support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his cosponsorship of this amendment. 
increase in the Water Power Program, which supports hydropower technology as well as new and innovative solutions, like hydrokinetic renewable energy. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would increase funding for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million for the SuperTruck II program. 
The SuperTruck program was initiated by the Department of Energy to improve freight and heavyduty vehicle efficiency. The Appropriations Committee acknowledged the success of the 
SuperTruck I in their committee report, but, unfortunately, it recommended only $8 million of the requested $40 million for the SuperTruck II program to further improve the efficiency of these vehicles. SuperTruck II will continue dramatic improvements in the freight efficiency of heavyduty Class 8 longhaul and regionalhaul vehicles through system level improvements. These improvements include hybridization, more efficient idling, and high efficiency HVAC technologies. 
SuperTruck program by just $2 million, it will allow the Department of Energy to better achieve their freight efficiency goals. It will be good for the environment. It will be good for the trucking community. It will be good for America. This amendment is offset via a decrease in the departmental administration account. 
for their hard work on the bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). 
Energy’’ account, after the aggregate dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,657,774,000)’’. 
Page 21, Line 6 In the ‘‘Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy’’ account, after the dollar amount relating to program direction, insert ‘‘(reduced by $150,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, Line 11 In the spending reduction account, after 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment seeks to strike all funding of the Department of Energy’s Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy program. 
of Energy, allows the government to invest millions—indeed, over $1 billion—of taxpayer money in highrisk research and development schemes for green energy projects. The government should not be in the business of subsidizing the research and development initiatives of individual companies. Let’s be clear. Competition and innovation have been key aspects of the private sector’s success in our country from day one, and the government should not take the role of a private investor. 
which is itself a direct incentive for developing methods for becoming more 
energy efficient and innovative. By subsidizing this small sector of the energy economy, we are essentially allowing the Department of Energy to spend millions of taxpayer dollars on unconventional energy initiatives and projects that place taxpayer dollars at risk and that are not likely to produce a return on investment. 
stated the need for an alloftheabove energy strategy, but continued investment into the EERE program focuses on the small portion of a largely unproductive portion of the energy sector at the expense of more traditional energy sources, such as fossil fuels and nuclear, which have a proven, reliable track record. 
I do want to applaud Chairman SIMPSONand the entire committee for their 
work on this bill. I know they face many tough choices when it comes to preparing these bills, and I do appreciate their hard work. 
sick and tired of a Federal Government that continues to recklessly spend taxpayer dollars. They want to see Congress make the tough choices and rein in wasteful spending. I believe that eliminating funding for the EERE program would be a step in the right direction. It would be a small step toward restoring fiscal sanity in Washington. At a time when many Americans and small businesses continue to struggle, we must focus on reasonable energy strategies that allow for the most affordable and reliable energy resources for consumers and businesses alike. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
more money into the EERE and amendments to take money out of the EERE and now an amendment to eliminate the EERE. 
amendment. This bill supports an all oftheabove approach to utilize our abundant natural resources and advance energy in new technologies to increase our energy security. A part of that approach includes strategic investments in the EERE accounts. 
I agree that there are many activities in this program that could use a closer and more critical look. That is why this bill focuses funding on basic technological research and manufacturing advancements in this account. The bill reduces the EERE by $266 million over last year’s level, but this amendment, I believe, would go too far. I must support the strategic balance of this bill. Therefore, I must oppose my colleague’s amendment, and I urge others to do the same. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I appreciate the chairman’s yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
from Alabama to Ohio to see part of the new energy sector in our country. It is absolutely incredible, and it does involve highlevel research to produce new energy technologies. I support nuclear, and I support fossilbased research, but I also support coal and tidal energy and wind and biofuels and geothermal—all of them—because we need them. 
our country in 2013 totaled $36.7 billion. The leading company in solar in our country and, frankly, globally is a U.S.born company—born in Ohio— called First Solar. You mentioned nonproductivity. Their stock is sold on Wall Street. They benefited early on in that company’s life by photovoltaic research beginning back in the 1970s and 1980s at the U.S. Department of Energy. It is really incredible to see the future being born, and I am hoping Alabama can take advantage of that kind of technology. 
reasons I am on my feet at this point, is that they have competition from China. The first and second companies in the world that are being subsidized by the Chinese Government are in tough competition with the U.S.born company, and we can’t ignore the fact that global venture capital and private equity in new investment in clean energy increased from $1.4 billion in 2004 to $4.4 billion in 2013. The question is: Where is that going to be invested—in our country or someplace else? 
made tremendous progress in an allof theabove strategy. Renewable sources now account for 23 percent of all electricity generation globally. That is amazing progress. We are learning how to work in conjunction with the Earth. 
ethanol would now consume 10 percent of what you put in your tank? People said you can’t even get to 1 percent. Now they are looking to 15 percent. It is unbelievable what is happening in these fields. 
to be responsible. I think we are being responsible in providing an allofthe above bill, including new energy technologies that will help our country in future generations so we no longer have to be dependent on imported energy, which I view as our chief strategic vulnerability. 
Mr. BYRNE. I rejoice with the gentlewoman from Ohio that there is a company there that is making money. We should always be about American companies making money. But if they are making money, they don’t need a 
like you to come to Alabama, where coal miners are losing their jobs because we have a war on coal in this country. 
above, and then the administration has a deliberate policy of attacking coal as a means of energy for our country and putting people out of work. So I would invite you to come down and see the suffering of our people because of that onesided strategy: we are going to attack coal, but we are going to give money to alternative energy. There is something wrong with that. 
wants to stand up for a great company in Ohio—I would love to come see it— because I think an alloftheabove strategy is good for America, but we are picking winners and losers with this money, and the administration is picking losers by attacking coal as a source of energy and a source of jobs for our American people. So I would hope that we would care as much about those coal miners in West Virginia and Kentucky and Alabama. 
Ms. KAPTUR. And Ohio. Mr. BYRNE. And Ohio as we do about 
these alternative energy programs that we are subsidizing. No one is subsidizing those coal miners; no one is subsidizing their families that have lost their means of living, but we are going to subsidize all these other companies—maybe they are doing good things, maybe they are not—because we have a lopsided understanding about how to produce energy in this country. 
natural gas and coal go. Look what we have done to the price of oil and the price of gas just over the last year because they have innovated on their own. They don’t need the government to innovate for them. They need the government to get out of their way. 
coalfired utilities shut down in Ohio than almost any other State, so I identify with what the gentleman is saying. Frankly, I think that we, as a country, have to be much more responsive to our miners and to coal country USA. I represent the largest coal shipping port on the Great Lakes. I fully appreciate what you are saying. 
day I got here. I have supported research into the clean coal program and continue to do so. I just want you to know that. We don’t disagree on harming any sector. We need them all. 
would just say I wish we could put money into that program like we do into this. 
my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
Page 21, lines 5 and 6, after each dollar 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $691,886,000)’’. 
Page 22, lines 20 and 21, after each dollar 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment is similar to the previous one, except this one requires energy companies of all kinds to fund their own research and development programs rather than continuing to require taxpayers to subsidize their activity to the tune of almost $3 billion. It does not affect the funds set aside for nuclear waste disposal or national defense projects. 
the conceit that politicians can make better energy investments with taxpayer money than investors can do with their own money. It is this conceit that has produced a long line of scandals best illustrated by the Solyndra fiasco. This research doesn’t even benefit the common good by placing these discoveries in the public domain. Any discoveries, although financed by the public, are owned lock, stock, and barrel by the private companies that receive these public funds. Public costs, private benefit; this is nothing but corporate welfare, and that is what these energy subsidies amount to. 
from being forced to pay the research and development budgets of these companies. It gets government out of the energy business and requires all energy companies and all energy technologies to compete equally on their own merits and with their own funds. 
amendments, we heard of all the technological breakthroughs financed by the Federal Government, from railroads to the Internet. We heard promises of future breakthroughs from this massive expenditure of public funds. I freely recognize that if you hand over millions of dollars of public subsidies to a private corporation, perhaps in 
Ohio, that corporation will do very well. Some of these dollars might even produce a breakthrough that will then be owned by that private corporation, and then it will do extremely well. 
But what the advocates of these subsidies fail to consider is Bastiat’s dilemma between the seen and the unseen. We see the politically wellconnected company that makes out like a bandit. What we don’t see are the sacrifices that struggling families and small businesses must make as these taxes are taken away from them. You don’t see small companies struggle by having to compete against their own tax dollars given to their corporate competitors by a doting friend in government. Nor do we see the breakthroughs and discoveries that these dollars might have purchased if they had been made by investors using their own money, making investments based on the highest economic return of these dollars. 
money make investments based on the highest political return of these dollars. That is the principal difference between Apple Computer and Solyndra or between FedEx and the post office. These public subsidies, in effect, take dollars that would have naturally flowed into the most effective and promising technologies and divert them into those that are politically favored. Dollar for dollar, this minimizes our energy potential instead of maximizing it. 
has revolutionized the fossil fuels industry, and it offers us the very real potential of becoming energy independent. After the 1973 oil embargo, the Federal Government spent $1.5 billion on oil and gas production research, much of it on shale production, and accomplished nothing. The government lost interest. 
But private investors renewed research with their own money in the 1990s and began producing the technologies that are used in today’s boom. Public investment failed miserably; private investment succeeded beyond our wildest dreams. In short, if the technology is promising, it does not need our help; and if it isn’t promising, it doesn’t deserve our help. In either case, we have no business taking from the earnings of struggling families and small businesses that pay the research and development budgets of big corporations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to oppose this amendment. Hydraulic fracking has been going on for 40 or 50 years in this country, by the way. 
its responsibility to reduce government spending, and we have done that. We have worked tirelessly to that end. The 
renewable energy programs by $266 million below last year’s request and $1.1 billion below the budget request. 
The fossil and nuclear energy programs receive targeted increases of $34 million and $23 million, respectively. The increase to fossil energy targets advanced research that will increase the efficiency of power plant turbines and conserve water usage during electricity generation. 
support security upgrades for the Idaho National Laboratory to protect the Nation’s nuclear energy materials and a range of nuclear security programs at the NNSA, Homeland Security, and other Federal agencies. 
amendment would keep the government from intervening in the private markets, these applied energy programs are strategic investments for our energy independence. I appreciate my colleague’s desire to reduce the size of the government. I agree with him. This amendment goes too far by eliminating the strategic investments we need to make for our future. I therefore oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to oppose it also. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply respond to my friend from Idaho that he is right to point with pride to the fact that the Committee on Appropriations has reduced EERE spending by 16 percent. He is certainly on the right track. He is just building a little slowly in that regard. 
We want to help him by doing what is 
right and restoring to the private investors the responsibility of using their own money to research and develop these energy breakthroughs and leave the Federal Government to doing what it does best, and that is staying out and letting the private sector succeed. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity delivery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $187,500,000, to remain 
such amount, $27,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $936,161,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $10,000. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) having assumed the 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; to the committee on Energy and Commerce. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 30, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1299. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Administrative Detention of Drugs Intended for Human or Animal Use; Correction [Docket 
Executive and Political Personnel, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Consolidation of Officer in 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 308. A bill to prohibit gaming activities on certain Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts (Rept. 114–95). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Conference. Conference report on S. Con. Res. 11. A resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–96). Ordered to be printed. 
Appropriations. Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (Rept. 114–97). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 231. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (Rept. 114–98). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2082. A bill to provide for loan forgiveness for STEM teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
H.R. 2083. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for patient protection by establishing safe nurse staffing levels at certain Medicare providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2084. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to add certain taxrelated crimes to the definition of aggravated identity theft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. 
H.R. 2085. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to enter into negotiations with interested local water and power providers for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
LAMALFA , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. N UNES , and Mr. C OSTA ): 
H.R. 2086. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Commerce, with the Oakdale Irrigation District and the South San Joaquin Irrigation District, California, to develop and conduct a pilot program to remove nonnative predator fishes from the Stanislaus River, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S ERRANO , 
PIERLUISI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S WALWELL  
BONAMICI , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G ENE 
CAPUANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAYSON, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
H.R. 2087. A bill to amend title 9 of the 
United States Code with respect to arbitration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
States Grain Standards Act to improve inspection services performed at export elevators at export port locations, to reauthorize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 2089. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to lower the cost of college education by establishing pilot programs to expand student access to digital course materials; to the Committee on Education and 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand coverage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
H.R. 2091. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify the ability to request consumer reports in certain cases to establish and enforce child support payments and awards; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
provide online and similar services to educational agencies or institutions to protect the privacy and security of personally identifiable information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be 
each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
space leadership, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2094. A bill to repeal titles I and II of 
the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
and Nationality Act to promote family unity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
KIND, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 2096. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2097. A bill to facilitate and streamline the Bureau of Reclamation process for creating or expanding surface water storage under Reclamation law; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Species Act of 1973 to require the Secretary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic analysis at the time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is published; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to develop a model form for a disclosure notice that shall be used by depository institutions and credit unions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COOPER (for himself and Mrs. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for expedited review of drugs and biological products to provide safer or more effective treatment for males or females, to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the consideration of sex differences in basic and clinical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself, Mr. KING of New York, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of New 
H.R. 2102. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reduce the incidence of diabetes among Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CICILLINE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Ms. 
H.R. 2103. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 2104. A bill to prioritize funding for an 
expanded and sustained national investment in biomedical research; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2105. A bill to provide grants to States 
to ensure that all students in the middle grades are taught an academically rigorous curriculum with effective supports so that students complete the middle grades prepared for success in secondary school and postsecondary endeavors, to improve State and district policies and programs relating to the academic achievement of students in the middle grades, to develop and implement effective middle grades models for struggling students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2106. A bill to provide exclusive funding to support fisheries and the communities that rely upon them, to clear unnecessary regulatory burdens and streamline Federal fisheries management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2107. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to clarify the treatment of certain Medicaid enrollment brokers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2108. A bill to require reports submitted to Congress under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to also be 
submitted to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
himself, Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and 
Species Act of 1973 to conform citizen suits under that Act with other existing law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. E SHOO , 
H.R. 2110. A bill to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services that were the subject of the contract; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2111. A bill to eliminate certain programs of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2112. A bill to direct the United States 
Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for North Plainfield, New Jersey; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. B EYER ): 
H.R. 2113. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for a corporate responsibility investment option under the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2114. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide assistance for individuals affected by exposure to Agent Orange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2115. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand and make permanent rules related to investment by nonresident aliens in domestic mutual funds and business development companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Nationality Act to establish the Virgin Islands visa waiver program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2117. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on 
over to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Tariff Schedule of the United States to extend to 2027 the production certificate program that allows refunds of duties on certain articles produced in United States insular possessions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2119. A bill to amend title XI of the 
Social Security Act to require that State applications for State plan waivers under the Medicaid program be approved only if such applications are budget neutral, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2120. A bill to encourage States to expand the protections offered to victims of sex offenses who are not in a familiar or dating relationship with the perpetrators of such offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
murder of Boris Nemtsov, offering condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues, expressing solidarity with the people of Russia, and calling for an international investigation into this crime; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
for the designation of May 7, 2015, as a ‘‘National Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
StatebyState adoption of a sexual assault survivors’ bill of rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. RANGEL, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. T ORRES , and 
greater publicprivate sector collaboration to promote financial literacy for students and young adults; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. R OS 
sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
WELCH ): H. Res. 234. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that telephone service must be improved in rural areas of the United States and that no entity may unreasonably discriminate against telephone users in those areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
SHERMAN , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R OS 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. W EBER of 
LEE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. C LAWSONof Florida, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. C APUANO , Miss R ICEof 
New York, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. P ETER SON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K EATING , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
EDWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
condolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
bill (H.R. 2122) for the relief of Enrique Soriano and Areli Soriano; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2082. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 2083. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2084. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2085. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2086. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2087. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2088. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the authority to regulate foreign and interstate commerce. 
H.R. 2089. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2090. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 3 and 18 of Section 8, Article I of 
H.R. 2091. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2092. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18, of the United 
H.R. 2093. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2094. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have power to regulate the regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2096. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2097. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2098. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2099. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 2100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
shall be drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 2101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2102. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2103. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. 
H.R. 2105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article: I Section: 8 Clause: 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause 
The Congress shall have Power. . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, of the United 
power to . . . establish Post offices and post Roads’’ 
H.R. 2113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2114. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2116. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) 
H.R. 2117. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2118. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) 
H.R. 2119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 2121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 2122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. 
H.R. 379: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 484: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 504: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
H.R. 511: Mr. D UFFY and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 512: Mr. B OUSTANY and Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 664: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 692: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 721: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
H.R. 767: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
H.R. 775: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 825: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
H.R. 891: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. G OHMERT , 
H.R. 920: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 928: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
H.R. 989: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1089: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 1188: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1233: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
H.R. 1266: Mr. B ABIN, Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1275: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 1276: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 1278: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. H UDSON and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 1309: Ms. M ENG, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mrs. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. R OSSand Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 1475: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 1478: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C OLE, 
H.R. 1523: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. T IPTON , 
H.R. 1559: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 1572: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1574: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1607: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. M ATSUI, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. I SSA, Mr. P ITTENGER , 
H.R. 1674: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
H.R. 1743: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
H.R. 1759: Mr. B ARRand Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R OSS, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1846: Mr. B UCSHON and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
H.R. 1926: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
H.R. 1956: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1957: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1958: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1959: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
H.R. 1998: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2032: Mr. T IPTON and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 2033: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M AXINE  
JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H.R. 2044: Mr. B LUMand Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2048: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. 
MARINO . H.R. 2050: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OHEN , and 
H. Res. 130: Mr. L ATTA and Ms. R OS 
H. Res. 159: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mrs. C AROLYN  
H. Res. 208: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. 
H. Res. 214: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , 
H. Res. 225: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. K ILMER . 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 7: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following new section: 
by this Act may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
AMENDMENT NO. 9: Page 21, line 5, after the 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. 
AMENDMENT NO. 11: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 12: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, add the following new section: 
by this Act may be used to finalize, promulgate, or enforce the Department of Energy’s proposed rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Furnaces’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 48: March 12, 2015). 
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used for attendance at, or participation in, the twentyfirst session of the Conference of Parties (COP 21) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France, in 2015. 
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of title III, 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceiling Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification number 1904AC87. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,500,000)’’. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
‘‘Corps of EngineersCivil—Expenses’’ for the Water Infrastructure PublicPrivate Partnership Pilot Program, as authorized in section 5014 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121; 33 U.S.C. 2201 note), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘Corps of EngineersCivil—Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works’’ is hereby reduced by, $2,375,000. 
Page 21, line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $266,161,000)’’. 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $355,000,000)’’. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee to carry out section 301 of the Hoover Power Plant Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 16421a; added by section 402 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5)). 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to issue loans under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16511 et seq.). 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill 
by this Act, including the funds made available for ‘‘
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
AMENDMENT NO. 11: At the end of the bill 
claims under consideration in each Veterans Integrated Service Network. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report that describes the status, including the timeline for completion, of each CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic to be established by the Department of Veterans Affairs, through construction or lease, that is not yet completed. 
AMENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill 
their families, ensures the quality of providers, and has a metrics system to effectively measure success of the network. 
shall be subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
in this Act may be used to withhold any report of an Inspector General from any member of Congress in any case where the member of Congress has requested that such report be provided. 
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2491 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2015 No. 63 