dearest friends, and a man nationally known for his knowledge and wisdom on so many subjects, recently celebrated his 80th birthday on August 20. That special friend is Ron Paul. 
with Ron know how he served with unwavering principles. Whether he was 
fighting the Federal Reserve, speaking out against unnecessary war, or defending life, Ron Paul lived out the principles he holds dear and upheld the Constitution. That is why I supported him when he ran for the President of the United States of America. 
started the Liberty Caucus, of which I am still a member. I will always remember very fondly when we met in his office in the Cannon Building for lunch meetings. He would invite speakers who were expert in everything from monetary policy to foreign policy. We all got so much out of those Liberty Caucus meetings. 
He helped me and many of my colleagues have a better understanding of monetary policy, what are good policies and what are bad policies. Too many times our leaders don’t understand the impact and complexities of monetary policy. Mr. Speaker, it is obvious, with our growing debt of $18.3 trillion, that our leadership in both parties should call on Ron Paul and ask his advice. 
not had a better friend than Ron Paul. I have always been able to count on Ron as both a personal and professional confidant. 
In his many years as a ‘‘citizen patriot,’’ as his son United States Senator RANDPAULcalls him, the cause of 
liberty has never had a better friend than Ron Paul. Ron is a great fighter for the Constitution; and even though he is out of public office, his fight is just as strong today as ever. 
the House would join me in wishing a belated happy birthday to Ron Paul, my dear friend, and a friend of the Constitution. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, this has been, once again, a really catastrophic wildfire season. In fact, we saw the loss of lives of individuals who serve our country in the United States Forest Service, and so we certainly keep them and their family members in our thoughts and prayers. 
in terms of the expansive fires that we have seen. The administration has been very vocal for the need to provide more funding to combat more wildfires and also stop more fireborrowing from the Forest Service budget. As a matter of fact, there was a press release yesterday regarding the administration’s letter to Congress addressing the budget issue. 
but fixing the budget is not the final solution. However, addressing the fire borrowing will not solve the problem alone. 
wildfires consumed onesixth of the Forest Service budget. In 2015, this August, it is consuming onehalf, 50 percent, of the Forest Service budget. We have to address, though, the root cause of this problem, which is not just warmer temperatures, but it is largely the fuel load, the fire load, from the lack of active management, insufficient active management, in our national forests. 
Forest Service have the ability to expediently treat national forest acres for forest health and wildfire prevention. The Agriculture Committee passed through the House H.R. 2647. I was very proud to be a cosponsor of that bill and managed that bill on the floor. It passed with bipartisan support. This bill is called the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. This legislation is an earnest attempt to give the Forest Service more authority and muchneeded flexibility to deal with these challenges of process, funding, litigation, necessary timber harvesting, and muchneeded active management in our national forests. 
strongly opposes this legislation despite, yesterday, in an Agriculture oversight hearing where we heard from the Under Secretary words like ‘‘collaborative’’ and the ‘‘need for expedited NEPA,’’ which is a national environmental assessment. It doesn’t mean there is no assessment; it just does it in an efficient way. It provides what is necessary, not overregulation, providing more categorical exclusions to NEPA. Those were all things the Under Secretary said that this administration is supportive of. 
things in this bill, and yet the administration, for whatever reason I have a hard time understanding, is opposed to this bill. 
is to do good, active timbering. I want to come back, Mr. Speaker, to those 
years, 1995, where onesixth of the Forest Service budget was consumed for fighting wildfires—and that is a lot, onesixth. That year, they generated 3.8 billion boardfeet of timber. That was the harvesting that took place. Just 7 years prior to that, we were harvesting 12.7 billion boardfeet. That was the high in recent decades, in 1987. 
doing that much harvesting, you are reducing the fuel load. You are reducing the risk. Fire needs oxygen, it needs fuel, and it needs some type of energy to ignite it. If you take away the fuel, any of those three triangles, as a longtime firefighter, I can tell you that is how you prevent fires. Yet today, August 2015, where we are spending onehalf of the Forest Service budget, we are taking money out of timbering programs and multiuse programs, they are only producing 2.4 billion boardfeet from our forests. 
Now, you look at what is the value of 
that? So you take the difference between where we were at a high of 12.7 billion boardfeet—and that wasn’t at a sustainable rate; we were growing much more timber than what we were cutting even in 1987—so that is a difference of 10.3 billion boardfeet. 
that? Well, if you just look at what the most recent average is for boardfoot of timber harvested in national forests, Mr. Speaker, and you calculate that difference, if we would be harvesting and active timbering, active management the way we should, just looking at that 1987 standard—which is well below what we potentially could be cutting—that is $169 billion in revenue coming into the Treasury of the United States. 
resources that provide for our Nation. With $169 billion, do you know what, I think we would have the resources to fight the fires. But if we were truly timbering where we should be, we wouldn’t be having those fires. 
announce that it has already surpassed its more than $1 billion budget for fighting wildfires and that it will have to transfer an additional $450 million from programs which benefit national forests across the Nation. This is the eighth time since 2002 that the service has had to transfer such funds because of wildfire costs. Such transfers take money directly out of timber harvesting and salvage logging, recreational activities, grants to States, and even funding for fire suppression. 
There is a better way to do things. I 
look forward to working with our Forest Service, and I encourage the Obama administration to support that. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with many of my colleagues that these wildfires should be treated as natural disasters and the Forest Service needs budget flexibility. 
This is why I strongly support H.R. 167, the 
harvest are critical first steps in getting our nation forests on track. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARRIS ) at 2 p.m. 
give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You that You give us a share in Your creative work, having endowed each with unique and important talents. 
the men and women of the people’s House, who have been entrusted with the care of this great Nation’s people. Because of the great blessings You have bestowed on our Nation, may we embrace the opportunity to build a better world beyond our borders as well. 
Bless all those who work in the Nation’s Capitol. May their work be appreciated by the American people, for their faithfulness in service to our Nation is truly edifying. 
May all that they do this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ) come forward and lead the 
Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, over the last few years, I have met with thousands of families of those with mental illness. Their number one concern is how the current system shuts them out. 
son Chuckie to suicide in 2002. Although Chuckie sought counseling from his college and showed signs of mental crisis, his parents knew nothing about his struggle. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, also known as FERPA, kept Chuckie’s parents in the dark. 
day, millions of families experience the same tragic frustration. Schools will be sure to remind you when the tuition check arrives, but because of FERPA, when it comes to your child’s mental health, you only receive a call when it is too, too late. 
This Suicide Prevention Month, Congress can fix this problem. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act allows doctors to provide limited, but crucial, information concerning individuals with a serious mental illness to known caregivers. To save their lives and protect their rights to treatment, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2646. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
only 7 legislative days left until another unnecessary, costly, and entirely preventable government shutdown. 
to replace the sequester with a responsible alternative. Because Republicans have refused to start these negotiations, I have talked to Mrs. LOWEY , the 
ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, and I have talked to Mr. VANHOLLEN , the ranking member on 
the Budget Committee, and I have talked to Mr. MCCARTHY , but we have 
had no discussions on how to keep the government open just 8 legislative days from now. 
as it did in 2013, it would cost our economy billions of dollars and put our national security at risk. Hundreds of thousands of public service workers would be furloughed, and millions of people would be cut off from critical programs and services. 
leadership not to risk a shutdown. Representative CHARLIE DENTof Pennsylvania said, ‘‘I don’t think we need to do a replay of 2013. It would be an enormous tactical and strategic blunder.’’ Indiana Senator DANCOATS , a conservative Republican, called a shutdown a failed tactic for political purposes that is not going to succeed. 
stop threatening a shutdown—not all of them, but some of them—and to, instead, take action to keep the government open as we work to reach an agreement on a budget that replaces the sequester and funds our Nation’s priorities responsibly. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
this week, I am circulating a letter to my House colleagues that asks the Senate to drop the 60vote requirement for consideration of the Iran deal. 
The American people sent us to Congress to represent their interests and to take actions that benefit our great country. 
from our constituents that Congress is not listening or is incapable of performing its basic responsibilities as a legislature. 
Our request to eliminate the filibuster for some votes simply underscores that, in a democracy, the majority should decide. 
It is time to send a strong signal to 
this administration that it can no longer disregard the will of the American people and their representatives in Congress. 
I urge my colleagues to sign this letter that asks for a majority vote on the Iran deal in the Senate. 
we face another government shutdown, another government shutdown that threatens our economy. 
to women in my community which healthcare providers they can and cannot see to get care. 
Let me set the record straight. Planned Parenthood of the Heartland 
provides vital preventive care to women in my community. Last year, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland served nearly 10,000 patients. 
and breast cancer screenings and over 13,000 tests for sexually transmitted infections. They provided prenatal care, pregnancy testing, and other preventive health services. 
national campaign to prevent teen and unplanned pregnancy, and they even have licensed adoption professionals on site to help women navigate the steps of adoption. 
regarding women’s health prevents abortions. We must come together and work in a spirit of bipartisanship to avoid this government shutdown. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Coptic Christians—the largest religious minority in Egypt and the largest Christian community in the Middle East—are constantly persecuted. 
school like he did every day. Ayman, like most Coptic Christians in Egypt, had a cross tattooed on his wrist as a sign of his Christian faith. 
When he got to school, Ayman’s Arabic language teacher asked him to cover the tattoo. Instead, Ayman pulled the cross from underneath his shirt and left it hanging around his neck. 
choked Ayman and asked Ayman’s Muslim classmates: What are you going to do with him? Then his classmates beat him to death to silence his faith. 
universal human right. Alexander Hamilton said in 1775, ‘‘The sacred rights of mankind . . . are written, as with a sun beam in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.’’ 
only 7 legislative days until the GOP shuts down this government again. 
about you, but what I have heard is that the American people do not want to see another government shutdown. They don’t want to see Planned Parenthood defunded, taking away essential health care for women across the country. 
What they want to see is for us to 
work together. They want to see both parties work together to keep the government open for sure, but to go beyond that, to make sure that families can save to own a home, that they can send their kids to college, that they can have something set aside for retirement. 
It is not just enough to keep the government open. That ought to be a given. We ought to take up the priorities of the American people. 
in an attempt to get something that a minority of this body wants, they are going to hold up the entirety of the government—shut down the government—over one issue. That is not responsible, and that is not what the American people sent us here to do. House Democrats are ready to work 
together. We will compromise, but let’s negotiate. Let’s have a discussion. 
up with a budget that we can work together on and that we can present to the American people, and let’s get back to the business the people sent us here to do. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to encourage support in promoting National Manufacturing Day, an annual event that is recognized on Friday, October 2. 
During a time in which the manufacturing sector is under a number of challenges, Manufacturing Day aims to revitalize the image of manufacturing and to bring awareness of this sector’s many contributions to the economy and to the United States’ competitiveness. 
As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, I intend to support this day of recognition on October 2 in my district, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same in their districts. Manufacturing Day also serves as an opportunity for manufacturers across the country to highlight their work. 
future of the United States’ economy, and it encourages the growth of American innovation, a skill that must continue to be fostered in this generation and those generations yet to come. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to discuss the need to come together, put aside partisan politics, and pass a budget. 
More than 7 in 10 Americans are saying they would prefer a budget agreement to prevent the government from shutting down. 
here promising my constituents no more government shutdowns, no more Federal furloughs, and no more sequestration. 
I ask for the leadership of both parties to put forward a bipartisan, long term budget solution to help prevent a government shutdown. 
growing our economy, upgrading our aging infrastructure, and helping to ensure that our citizens are able to obtain the American Dream. 
political gridlock, and it is not fair to hijack our Nation’s budget bill. Let’s come together. Let’s get to work. Let’s 
answer the call of our constituents, and let’s pass a budget. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize September as Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. 
of the heart muscle that increases the risk of sudden cardiac arrest, which is a condition that claims approximately 295,000 lives in the United States every year. It is also the leading cause of death among schoolchildren. 
SAFE PLAY Act, which would improve the health and safety of student athletes, including those who are diagnosed with cardiomyopathy. 
arrest hits, quick intervention saves lives. That is why the SAFE PLAY Act includes provisions to teach students across the country the lifesaving skills of CPR and how to use AEDs. 
As we recognize Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month, I want to invite my colleagues and their staffs to the second annual AED Hunt on the Hill, taking place tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the afternoon. There you can learn more about cardiomyopathy, how AEDs save lives, and how the SAFE PLAY Act can help. Together, we can make a difference. 
again, Republicans are threatening to shut down our government. 
bill or a longterm transportation bill that will create jobs, Republicans have chosen to put jobs at risk. They have chosen to weaken security at our airports. They have chosen to close our national parks. They pretty much have chosen not to serve their constituents back home. 
And it is for what reason? It is because they are so determined to regulate women’s bodies and block women’s right to access preventive and lifesaving health care that they would rather throw Americans under the bus. 
North Carolina, Planned Parenthood served more than 31,000 patients, providing mammograms, pap smears, cancer screenings, contraceptive services, and STD testing. 
necessary health benefits? Women’s access to health care has always been important to me, and that is why I am a consistent advocate for the work that Planned Parenthood does. 
jobs and our country’s safety at risk over partisan grandstanding. Only 7 days left—it is time to do what we were sent here to do and end this senseless shutdown talk. 
today to urge my Republican colleagues to please don’t shut down the government. Let’s work together. Let’s put politics aside and do what is best for the American people. 
By the end of this month, we are expected to negotiate a responsible budget agreement, but threats from the rightwing extremists are taking us off course once again. 
Republican threats to women’s healthcare coverage, as I refuse to stand on the sidelines when our country’s daughters, sisters, and mothers are under attack. 
Instead of, once again, holding women’s health care hostage in order to pass a biased agenda, we need to come together to pass a responsible, bipartisan budget to address our Nation’s most pressing problems. 
Worth area are concerned about getting some congestion off of our freeways and doing things like making sure that the American public has good, wellpaying jobs and protecting our businesses. 
responsible budget that averts another government shutdown. We cannot expect to repeat the same mistakes and think that it is going to yield different results. 
us to focus on what matters: jobs, education, and fixing our country’s crumbling infrastructure. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
stand before you today outraged and disappointed. Once again, petty partisan politics is threatening to derail government funding and shut down critical services to hardworking, deserving Americans. 
forum with the media, talking about how women are treated and misrepresented in the media; and here, we have an issue that has a direct impact on women being used as a pawn to shut down our government. The only group that is portrayed more negatively—and we all hear it—is our own Congress. We must act now to change how we 
are portrayed and how America views us. We must work together and stop another wasteful and harmful government shutdown. We are better than this. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 2036. With best wishes, I am 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 3 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
23, legislation that reauthorizes the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, or NWIRP. 
windstorms. We saw that, indeed, in 2012 when Superstorm Sandy devastated parts of the Northeast. Superstorm Sandy was responsible for over 200 deaths and caused over $70 billion in damage. 
Service, from 2005 to 2014, thousands of Americans lost their lives from the impacts of windstorms. Along with the loss of life, windstorms caused many billions of dollars in property and crop damage during that time. 
work to save lives and reduce the amount of property and crop damage that the windstorm or other natural disaster causes. We already are investing significant resources after a windstorm, but we should be investing more in preparedness. 
FEMA’s predisaster mitigation program has demonstrated that every dollar invested in mitigation activities saves $3 to $4 in recovery costs. 
The National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization of 2015 is largely a mitigation program. The bill reauthorizes the NWIRP program that directs NIST, NSF, NOAA, and FEMA to support coordinated activities to improve our understanding of windstorms and their impacts and to develop cost effective mitigation measures. 
lessen the loss of life and economic damage of windstorms by supporting research and helping to translate that research into more effective building codes and mitigation programs, but this program needs robust investment to achieve that result. 
lower total authorization level than was authorized for this program in fiscal year 2008. 
to assist our constituents after a natural disaster occurs, but we also have the responsibility to properly support mitigation programs that could reduce the loss of life and property damage caused by the next natural disaster. 
program that needs reauthorization, and I, today, support its passage. 
Science, Space and Technology Committee, including Chair SMITH, Ranking Member J OHNSON , and Representative N EUGEBAUER , for their hard work 
Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee for their hard work as well. It is nice to see my colleagues here in the House of Representatives and over in the Senate working 
in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to bring this bill to the floor today. 
the aisle to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
first of all, I would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), 
a member of the Science Committee, for his comments and for supporting this piece of legislation. 
may consume to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ), a 
Texas colleague. I want to thank him for sponsoring this piece of legislation and look forward to its passage today and to its being enacted into law as well. 
rise in support today for my bill, the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act, or NWIRP. 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, who helped shepherd this bill through the Senate. 
1,300 recorded tornados every year, causing over 70 deaths and 1,500 injuries. These storms cost about $400 million in damage each year, but particularly in a bad year, like 2011, wind damage from tornadoes and thunderstorms cost more than $28 billion. This is a natural and a national disaster. 
windstorm, they don’t just have to rebuild their house; they have to rebuild 
their lives as well, and we can help these families, and we can help save their lives and, in many cases, help save their property through the important research that is going on at many universities around the country, including my alma mater, Texas Tech University. 
With those families in mind, I introduced NWIRP. NWIRP promotes research that helps saves lives, reduce injuries, and lessens damage from windstorms. 
from New York, we have found that $1 in investments in the resilience against windstorms can result in $4 in savings in a disaster response. Not only are we investing dollars to make America safer, but we are also saving the taxpayers in the long run. 
the President’s desk to be signed into law, and I think it is important that we get this bill passed as quickly as we can because, again, windstorms can cause a lot of damage and can cause the loss of life. 
dynamics of these windstorms and understanding how they interface with different types of building materials, the safer and better structures that we are able to build and ultimately, in many cases, save lives. 
going on. One of the things I like about 
that it brings some accountability in making sure that we are investing the dollars in the places where we are getting the most bang for the buck for the American taxpayers. 
taxpayers in this bill, but we are also looking out for the people, the men and women, that are affected by these windstorms. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we must help our constituents prepare for and mitigate the impacts of windstorms that threaten lives and property. This bill reauthorizes a program that would do just that, and I urge its adoption. 
have no other requests from Members to speak on this piece of legislation, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 23, legislation that would reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program—or NWIRP. 
years for natural disasters across the country. For example, in May, the Great Plains had a sixday outbreak of tornado activity that affected areas ranging from Colorado to Texas and resulted in over 60 injuries and 5 fatalities. 
FEMA to support activities to improve the understanding of windstorms and their impacts. We can use that knowledge to reduce the vulnerability of our communities to natural disasters. The NWIRP program helps our federal agencies and communities across the nation to develop and implement many measures that help minimize the loss of life and property during windstorms and to rebuild effectively and safely after such storms. 
I was pleased that when this bill was considered by the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, we worked in a bipartisan manner and made several improvements to the bill. We worked together to increase the authorization for FEMA, the agency tasked with implementing the research conducted by the other NWIRP agencies. Also, we added several social sciencerelated provisions to the bill. We cannot design effective disaster preparation strategies without understanding how people make decisions and respond to disaster warnings. 
23 at the end of January with a vote of 381– 39 and sent it to the Senate. During their consideration, the Senate made minor changes to the bill, but I am happy to report that all of the bipartisan improvements we made to the bill remain in H.R. 23. 
I want to thank my fellow Texans—Chairman SMITH and Mr. N EUGEBAUER —for working 
across the aisle on this bill. I also want to thank the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee in the Senate for their work on this bill. 
be reauthorized. It is good to see Members of the House and Senate coming together, working out their differences, compromising, and 
ending up with a bill with bipartisan, bicameral support. 
I support the bill and urge my colleagues to 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 23. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015’’. 
shall, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, conduct outreach to all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures, and provide technical assistance as necessary, to verify such airports have in place individualized working plans for responding to security incidents inside the perimeter of the airport, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passengerscreening checkpoints. 
care to persons inside the perimeter of the airport, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
including identification of staging areas for nonairportspecific law enforcement and fire response. 
placed by persons inside the perimeter of the airport will reach airport police in an expeditious manner. 
to be conducted by the airport, the Administration, other stakeholders such as airport and airline tenants, and any relevant law enforcement, airport police, fire, and medical personnel. 
exercise reports to identify and determine how to improve security incident response capabilities. 
airport law enforcement with access to airport security video surveillance systems at category X airports where those systems were purchased and installed using Administration funds. 
share such best practices with other airport operators nationwide. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Secretary shall certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that all screening personnel have participated in practical training exercises for active shooter scenarios. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment of 
this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of how the Administration can use cost savings achieved through efficiencies to increase over the next 5 fiscal years the funding available for checkpoint screening law enforcement support reimbursable agreements. 
shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, and other relevant agencies, conduct outreach to all passenger transportation agencies and providers with highrisk facilities, as identified by the Assistant Secretary, to verify such agencies and providers have in place plans to respond to active shooters, acts of terrorism, or other securityrelated incidents that target passengers. 
plans may include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
care to individuals, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
placed by individuals using the transportation system will reach police in an expeditious manner. 
Assistant Secretary shall identify best practices for security incident planning, management, and training and establish a mechanism through which to share such practices with passenger transportation agencies nationwide. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, conduct a review of the interoperable communications capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel responsible for responding to a security incident, including active shooter events, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passengerscreening checkpoints, at all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures. 
completion of the review, the Assistant Secretary shall report the findings of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. 
legislation is the product of a strong bipartisan effort stemming from the fatal shooting at Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. On that tragic day, TSA Officer Gerardo Hernandez was shot and killed by an active shooter, becoming the first Transportation Security Administration employee to be killed in the line of duty. Two other Transportation Security Administration officers and a passenger were also injured during the 
In the wake of that attack, Congressman RICHARD HUDSON , who was then 
serving as the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Transportation Security, spearheaded a bipartisan effort to investigate the vulnerabilities highlighted by the attack and enhance the state of airport security across the United States. 
the subcommittee in the 114th Congress was to work with Mr. HUDSON and 
reintroduce this important legislation, and I am pleased to see it through to final passage today. 
taken by TSA and airports across the country and was developed with input from both public and private sector partners. The legislation makes important strides in enhancing the level of preparedness of our Nation’s transportation systems in responding and mitigating security incidents, such as active shooters and terror attacks. 
verify that airports and highrisk surface transportation hubs have plans in place to effectively train for and respond to security incidents when they occur. 
Further, it will ensure that emergency communications equipment is regularly tested and that emergency first responders are able to communicate with each other and the public during a major security incident. The legislation also directs TSA to seek ways in which funding for reimbursable agreements to airport law enforcement can be increased in order to provide better support to the critical layer of security they provide. 
a long way in improving the response to threats to public safety and will work to overcome the challenges experienced by law enforcement, emergency first responders, TSA, and the public during the LAX shooting. 
and effective communications was highlighted during a stabbing and shooting incident at Union Station here in Washington, D.C., in which law enforcement from multiple agencies responded to mitigate the situation. 
employees and first responders are equipped with the necessary tools and training to respond to these types of incidents in order to protect both themselves and the general public. 
this legislation as well as to the chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAULof Texas, for his support. Additionally, I would like to thank Ranking Member THOMPSON , Ranking Member R ICE, and the other bipartisan cosponsors for their work in getting this legislation to the finish line. I would also like to extend gratitude to our colleagues in the Senate, especially Chairman THUNE and Ranking Member N ELSON, for further refining the legislation 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
amendment to H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, a bill that I am pleased to cosponsor. 
Los Angeles International Airport resulted in the death of Transportation Security Officer Gerardo Hernandez. This terrible incident brought into focus the heroism of those who serve on the front lines of aviation security— Transportation Security officers. Unarmed and exposed, Transportation Security officers perform the often thankless task of screening 1.8 million passengers per day, even though they have limited workplace protections and are charged with great responsibility. 
committee’s Subcommittee on Transportation Security to conduct a site visit and oversight hearing at Los Angeles International Airport to explore what lessons could be learned from the tragic events of the shooting. Through this valuable oversight work, we learned that there was much to be done to address gaps and vulnerabilities within airports. We found that vital equipment, such as panic buttons at the checkpoints, were not in working order. We also found that there were other factors that could be bolstered to aid during active shooter situations, such as interoperable communications, so that every emergency responder would have access to realtime information. 
today is the product of a bipartisan effort to remedy many of the deficiencies identified following the shooting. 
once again give my condolences to the family of Officer Hernandez and to remind Members that, under current law, TSO’s families do not receive death benefits. 
officers do not meet the definition for a public safety officer; and as a result, the families of TSOs who are killed in the line of duty, such as the Hernandez family, are not entitled to funds from the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Programs. 
from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) introduced legislation that would grant Transportation Security officers the benefits of other law enforcement officers that are killed in the line of duty; and she plans to reintroduce that legislation, the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act, today. 
women on the front lines of protecting our aviation sector are properly compensated if tragedy strikes. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the Senate amendment to H.R. 720. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ). 
strong support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. 
As the former chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I introduced this bipartisan bill in the 113th Congress to improve the state of preparedness at our Nation’s airports in response to the shooting at Los Angeles International Airport in November of 2013. 
I would like to thank Ranking Member THOMPSON for working with me in a 
bipartisan way. We traveled together for the field hearing and toured the site. And I think the work that he does in a bipartisan way on this committee is a true testament to what the American people expect us to do here, which is to work together and put the people’s business first. It was a pleasure working with the ranking member. 
this committee. He also worked very closely with me on this legislation and traveled with us that day to Los Angeles. So without his support, this would not have been possible. 
the life of Transportation Security Officer Gerardo Hernandez and wounded three other people, served as an unfortunate wakeup call to the gaps in our security and the relative ease to which someone could wreak havoc on one of our Nation’s airports. 
review and hard work, including the site visit I mentioned to LAX, the subcommittee found that while State, Federal, and local law enforcement’s response to the LAX shooting could be described as nothing but heroic and was swiftly executed, there was room for improvement in the coordinated response and communications in the critical moments after the major security incident. That is where this important, bipartisan bill stems from. 
And I know, as chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) has taken our work 
from the last Congress and has built upon it. He has done the hard work to make sure that it reached the finish line. I take my hat off to Chairman KATKO for showing great leadership and 
the kind of fortitude and determination necessary to advance this legislation, to finally get it to the Senate, and to have the President sign it into law. 
committee that oversees transportation security is no easy task, but it is one that the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. KATKO ) has excelled at. He is 
holds folks accountable, and he has worked diligently to improve aviation security in this Nation. 
taken positive measures to update the emergency response protocols since the LAX incident, this bill will help to solidify these changes and ensure our airports are fully prepared to respond to future security incidents and potential acts of terrorism. This bill will provide for more extensive collaboration and coordination between airports, law enforcement, first responders, and TSA, which will result in safer airports across the country. It is a necessary step towards countering the threats facing our Nation’s airports without placing an undue burden on airport operators, law enforcement, and the taxpayers. 
that will never be forgotten by those affected and those of us who are committed to protecting the traveling public. 
continue to be with the family of Officer Hernandez. I hope that they are watching today, and I hope they are proud of the work of this Congress. 
KATKO for his work to keep the traveling public safe, and I applaud him for stepping up on such an important issue and ensuring this bill reaches the President’s desk. 
memory of Transportation Security Officer Hernandez and to support this legislation. 
Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank Subcommittee Chairman KATKO  
and Ranking Member R ICEfor their efforts on this legislation. 
Through our votes today, we are honoring the life of Officer Hernandez and ensuring that Transportation Security officers, airport workers, and members of the flying public are more safe and secure. 
urge my colleagues to support the Senate amendment to this bill as well as the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support H.R. 720. The tragic event that unfolded at LAX in November of 2013 was a stark reminder that much remains to be done in securing America’s transit hubs, particularly the nonsterile or nonsecure areas of airports that are, in many ways, just like open shopping malls. Because of this reality, we must react to ensure that airport communities are prepared to respond swiftly to any major security incidents that threaten the safety of the traveling public. 
In remembrance of TSA Officer Hernandez, I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I do want 
to recognize and echo the sentiments of my colleague, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ) with respect to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ): He set a tone 
of bipartisanship in the committee; and because of that, in the Committee on Homeland Security, itself, as well as the subcommittee, much good work is being done and many bills are being passed. So I appreciate and acknowledge the bipartisanship because it is important. It is an art that all too often gets lost in this Congress, and we are doing well with it in our committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of 
the Committee on Homeland Security, it is with great pride that I rise in support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. The passage of this bipartisan legislation demonstrates the importance with which the Committee on Homeland Security considers the security of our nation’s airports and transit hubs. Moreover, this legislation shows Congress’ dedication to the men and women of the TSA, who work diligently each day to keep the American people safe. 
malicious intent seeking to wreak havoc on our critical transportation systems, we must stand together. Our law enforcement and first responder community must communicate, collaborate and coordinate, so they are better prepared to execute emergency plans in response to all types of security incidents. I believe the passage of this bill creates a roadmap that will provide our first responders and TSA with the proper level of coordination to respond to incidents like the senseless shooting that took place at Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. 
Members of the Committee, including Ranking Member THOMPSON , to Los Angeles to meet 
with first responders, TSA officials, airport personnel, as well as the injured Transportation Security Officers who bravely put themselves in harm’s way to help an elderly passenger. I also had the somber opportunity to meet with the widow of Officer Hernandez, before holding a field hearing to examine what could be done to mitigate such tragedies in the future. Today, I am proud to see this Committee’s efforts set to cross the finish line, and I hope that the wife of Officer Hernandez can find some solace in the passage of this legislation, which bears her husband’s name. 
necessary outreach to airports and transit hubs across the United States to ensure that there are adequate security incident response and communications plans in place. Moreover, H.R. 720 establishes TSA as a clearinghouse of bestpractices for transportation sector preparedness and incident response, which will streamline the proliferation of information and communication across transportation systems in the United States. This bill also looks for ways to overcome interoperable communications challenges and increase funding for airport law enforcement, while also ensuring that airport personnel are equipped with training on how to response to active shooters and other security incidents, such as terrorism. 
of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. KATKO and former Chairman of the 
Subcommittee, Mr. H UDSON , for their efforts in 
addressing this issue, as well as, working to foster bipartisan cooperation. I also wish to commend the bipartisan efforts of both the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, Mr. THOMPSON , and the Ranking Member of the 
this legislation is greatly appreciated. Additionally, I would like to thank the other bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation, as well as Chairman THUNE and our Senate colleagues 
for moving this important bill through the Senate. I urge my colleagues to support the final passage of H.R. 720 and strengthen the security of U.S. transportation. 
strong support of H.R. 720, The Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which improves intergovernmental planning and communication during security incidents at domestic airports. 
the Homeland Security Committee Transportation Security Subcommittee, I understand how important this bill will be in enhancing safety and protection in the air transit industry, not just for our citizens but for our Transportation Security Officers working in the line of duty. 
This legislation, which requires the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to devote more resources for planning and communication during and in case of threats or emergencies, is prompted by the tragic death of Gerardo I. Hernandez, a Transportation Security Officer who was killed in the line of duty at Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. 
In a senseless act of violence, the love and 
care TSA Officer Gerardo Ismael Hernandez gave to his wife, Ana Machuca, his 14year old son and 12yearold daughter, and the community he served, ended entirely too soon. 
we want in an American, he is in spirit and deed the type of person we want in our Transportation Security Officers (TSOs). 
was the first TSA officer to lose his life in the line of duty in the 12year history of the agency. 
He died from several gunshot wounds inflicted by an assailant while on duty at the Los Angeles International Airport. 
Gerardo Hernandez was among those thousands of TSA employees carrying out their mission to keep the airways safe for traveling citizens, and their work across the nation cannot be understated. 
air passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation, which averaged over 637.5 million passengers in 2012. 
million passengers, or nearly 1.8 million persons per day. 
Hobby Airports that serve the Houston metropolitan area are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region: 
through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at 
IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for 
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates the implementation of H.R. 720 would cost about $2.5 million in 2015. Of the $2.5 million, an estimated $1.5 million would serve to provide additional technical assistance to airports, and the remaining $1 million would be used to evaluate the interoperability of communication systems used by emergency response teams. 
anniversary of the tragedy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
our lives, and the lives of every American generation to follow. 
country have been enhanced dramatically, and the resulting inconvenience is a small price to pay for the protective measures needed to keep the travelling public safe. 
their best to make the necessary screening as least intrusive and burdensome as possible, consistent with the mission of ensuring the security of all members of the flying public. 
sure the job gets done, and for that we owe these men and women a debt of gratitude. 
In honor of Gerardo Hernandez’s contribution to his country, I strongly support this bill and urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for its passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 720. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 487) to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALIDATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
other provision of law, without further approval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of its interests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. 
to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any 
real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 487 is a noncontroversial, onepage bill that would exempt lands held in fee by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma from the limitations imposed by the Indian Nonintercourse Act. According to the tribe, these limitations may hinder economic development. 
tribe to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or transfer all or any portion of interest in any real property not held in trust for the tribe. The bill also states that the legislation does not authorize the tribe to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any portion of any interest in any real property that is held in trust. 
wishes of the tribe’s leadership, Congressman MARKWAYNE MULLIN , who 
represents the tribe in the House, sponsored H.R. 487. The Department of the Interior supports this bill, which passed the Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent earlier this year. 
I commend my colleague from Oklahoma for his hard work, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of Oklahoma to effectively manage their nontrust lands by providing relief from the Indian Nonintercourse Act. The Indian Nonintercourse Act was intended to protect Indian tribes by preventing the loss of their lands, except by treaty. Historically, the act has generally not interfered with the tribe’s ability to buy, sell, or lease land that it owns in fee simple. 
can be a hindrance when securing purchase agreements from outside parties. 
times necessary for a tribe to successfully manage their lands and to sell fee 
parcels that are determined to be in excess of the tribe’s needs or were purchased for investment purposes. 
allow the Miami Tribe to convey all the land that the tribe holds in fee simple without further Federal approval to facilitate those future transactions. I agree with the goals of this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), the author of this 
you for allowing us to bring this to the floor. This is one of those commonsense bills that, unfortunately, requires Congress to act. Several tribes before us have obtained legislation like this from Congress to authorize them to sell or mortgage specific lands. The lands we are talking about are lands that aren’t needed anymore; it is outside of the trust. But in order for the tribes such as the Miami and other tribes that are out there to effectively manage their lands, Congress is required to act. 
Chairmen BISHOP and Y OUNG for advancing this legislation, and I urge support for the passage of H.R. 487. 
Members to support H.R. 487, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
too, would urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 959) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
shall conduct a special resource study of the home of the late civil rights activist Medgar 
Evers, located at 2332 Margaret Walker Alexander Drive in Jackson, Mississippi. 
or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other interested individuals; 
of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and recreational uses, and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activities; 
acquisition, development, interpretation, operation, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
special resource study to be conducted by the Department of the Interior on the home of the late civil rights activist Medgar Evers. This bill requires the Secretary to determine the national significance of the home and the feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park Service. 
have any objections to this bill, and it was reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent. Once results of the study are 
available, Congress would have to act to create any new unit of the National Park system. 
1963, Medgar Evers, a native Mississippian and the first field officer in that State for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which we have come to know as the NAACP, was shot in the driveway of his home in Jackson, Mississippi. This horrific event occurred hours after President Kennedy made a televised speech in support of civil rights. This was a critical moment in the modern civil rights movement as it moved towards the seminal March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. 
fighting in the Battle of Normandy. He returned home to find his path to the voting booth literally blocked at gunpoint. He personally fought to integrate the University of Mississippi Law School and was integral in assisting James Meredith successfully enroll as an undergraduate. 
loving father, a husband, and, finally, a martyr. He is a true American hero whose time came too soon, yet his name and what he stood for continues to inspire so many. It is time that his service and loss be properly recognized by our Nation. 
Study Act, would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House in Jackson, Mississippi, for potential inclusion in the National Park system. We estimate that this study will cost approximately $200,000 to $300,000. Funding for this proposed study would need to be allocated from the set amount of funding that Congress appropriates for all special resource studies. 
friend and colleague, Congressman BENNIE THOMPSON of Mississippi, for his 
very hard work on this legislation and for his leadership on this critical issue. The Medgar Evers House is a piece of American history that must be preserved, which is why this legislation is so important. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for yielding me the necessary time. 
colleagues to support H.R. 959, the Medgar Evers House Study Act. 
small town of Decatur, Mississippi, in 1925. Medgar would go on to serve in our country’s Army in France and in 
his military service, Medgar attended Alcorn State University, where he would meet his future wife, Myrlie. 
Medgar devoted his life to seeking justice and equality for all Americans. As field secretary for the NAACP in Mississippi, Mr. Evers led successful voter registration efforts throughout the State. He applied for admission to the University of Mississippi Law School in an unsuccessful effort to desegregate the university. Medgar also courageously led investigations into the death of Emmett Till and publicly supported Clyde Kennard after his imprisonment on erroneous charges stemming from his efforts to integrate the University of Southern Mississippi. 
from a NAACP planning meeting, Medgar was shot in the back in the driveway of his home while his family was inside the house. He died at a local hospital less than an hour later. One week after his death, he was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery. 
been preserved as a museum by Tougaloo College. The home has been refurbished to appear as it did at the time of Evers’ death. The home contains an exhibit regarding Evers’ family, career, death, and his legacy. The home has hosted scores of visitors including many Members of Congress who participated in the Faith & Politics pilgrimages throughout the South. 
House Study Act, authorizes a special resource study by the Secretary of the Interior on the home in which his family lived and Medgar Evers was assassinated located at 2332 Margaret Walker Alexander Drive in Jackson, Mississippi. The study will determine the national significance of the Evers home and determine the feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park system. 
civil rights giant. He dedicated his life to bringing down the pillars that maintained Jim Crow in Mississippi. The heroic life he lived and the remarkable legacy that he left are unquestioned. Today’s bill will further cement the role that he played in advancing civil and human rights in our Nation. With that, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 959. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge all Members to support H.R. 959. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, 
Medgar Evers was a patriot and a civil rights leader who gave his life to realize the full promise of the American Declaration of Independence. His memory is vivid and revered by every American of goodwill who lived through those momentous years. It is for us 
now to preserve his memory for the many generations of Americans to follow who will have to look to history to know him. This bill is a step toward recognizing 
the enormous debt our Nation owes him and to ensure that future generations can draw inspiration from his leadership, his patriotism, his courage, and his sacrifice that he made in the cause of freedom. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 959, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1214) to amend the Small Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, to resolve minor encroachments, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
EXCHANGE OF SMALL PARCELS OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND. 
Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521e) is further amended— 
by striking ‘‘which are—’’ and inserting ‘‘which involve any one of the following:’’; 
determined by the Secretary to be physically isolated, to be inaccessible, or to have lost their National Forest character. 
or a sewage treatment plant under a special use authorization issued by the Secretary. In the case of a cemetery expected to reach capacity within 10 years, the sale, exchange, or interchange may include, in the sole discretion of the Secretary, up to one additional acre abutting the permit area to facilitate expansion of the cemetery.’’. 
land for administrative sites for the National Forest System in the State from which the amounts were derived; 
land for inclusion in the National Forest System in that State, including land or interests in land which enhance opportunities for recreational access; 
for costs incurred in preparing a sale conducted under the authority of section 3 if the sale is a competitive sale.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself 
the Small Tracts Act to allow for the sale of small, isolated, federally owned parcels outside of the main body of a national forest as well as parcels encumbered with certain special uses such as cemeteries. The management 
of these isolated and encumbered parcels takes considerable resources away from the core mission of the Forest Service. Proceeds from the sale of these parcels would be deposited into a Sisk Act fund and may be used for deferred maintenance, acquisition of lands for administrative sites or recreational access, or to reimburse the Forest Service for administrative costs in preparing the sales. 
The U.S. Forest Service has a challenging mission. Enabling it to develop a more manageable land base is simply good government, which is why this bill has such broadbased support. 
I also want to thank Chairman CONAWAY of the Agriculture Committee for 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered reported without amendment H.R. 1214, the National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Agriculture. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Agriculture to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference oh the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding. 
request, and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 1214, the National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015. It is my understanding that, on April 30, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered the bill reported without amendment and by unanimous consent. 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual undemanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction 
of the Committee on Agriculture with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this 
letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Small Tracts Act to provide the Forest Service with more flexibility to sell or exchange small parcels of national forest land. This increased flexibility will allow the Forest Service to identify opportunities where the sale or exchange of small parcels of land will increase efficiency and improve the overall integrity and health of our national forests. 
for working with the Forest Service to update this bill so that it could be supported by both sides of the aisle. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ), my good friend and Nevada 
Mr. AMODEI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you Madam Ranking Member. I also want to thank the chairman of the full committee as well as my cosponsors in this measure: Mr. POLIS from Colorado, Mr. S HIMKUS  
from the jaws of victory, I will be brief. I would like to say that this was my idea and it is a wonderful thing, but this represents taking care of business that has been knocking around for probably a decade or more as far as the Forest Service is concerned. We are not moving the frontier into national forests; we are simply giving them the ability to administratively dispose of those lands that have become not attached to the national forest and have no management or land use characteristics with respect to the managing of a national forest. 
The other thing I want to point out is 
that it will allow them the ability to dispose of well into six figures’ worth of acres, potentially, over the next few years, much more than last year, which was almost nothing. 
the resources generated by this will stay with the Forest Service for use under their various charges as opposed to disappearing into that sometimes black hole in space, referred to as the ‘‘United States Treasury.’’ 
I urge nationwide bipartisan support. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I, 
too, would urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1214, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1289) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
Muir National Historic Site by approximately 44 acres. This expansion may only occur by donation of the land. 
Area, in Martinez, California, this site preserves the 14room Italianate Victorian mansion where John Muir lived, as well as a 325acre tract of native oak woodlands and grasslands owned by the Muir family. 
this bill is directly adjacent to the current site and will allow for better public access to trails in the area. This acreage has been donated to the National Park Service and will not be acquired with any Federal dollars. 
unanimous consent, and a previous version passed the House during the 113th Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Park Service to expand the boundary of the John Muir National Historic Site and acquire, by donation, 44 acres of land from the Muir Heritage Land Trust. The donation will expand the site and help carry on Muir’s important legacy of conservation and environmental stewardship. 
most respected and revered ecologists. His writings have inspired millions, and his activism and advocacy led to the establishment of some of our first and most iconic national parks. 
From the moment he set foot in Yosemite Valley, John Muir was consumed with its natural wonder and beauty. He became Yosemite’s most vocal champion, but he didn’t spend his whole life there. 
Muir lived on a farm not far from San Francisco. It was from this corner of the Bay Area that Muir cofounded the Sierra Club and helped lay the groundwork for a century of conservation. 
creation of the Yosemite and Sequoia National Parks, and his spirit and enduring legacy led to the protection of much more. 
Since he is known by some as the father of our national parks, I know he would be proud of all of our national parks today, especially as we are approaching the 100th anniversary of the National Park System. 
My home State of Michigan has several beautiful national parks, including the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore, Isle Royale, and the River Raisin National Battlefield. 
The passage of H.R. 1289 will contribute to John Muir’s legacy, and it will help to protect and conserve the place where he found solace and inspiration in his later years. 
leadership. I urge the swift passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her kind comments. 
What a pleasure it is to be here on 
the House floor to continue to honor and respect a great American and a great Californian, his adopted State. 
of H.R. 1289, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. 
This bipartisan legislation will expand the Martinez, California, historic site in my district as it celebrates the life and legacy of John Muir. 
and leading advocate of the National Park Service and a cofounder of the Sierra Club. He worked to establish and protect national parks, including Yosemite, Sequoia, the Grand Canyon, and Mt. Rainier. 
Site, which includes the home where he lived, covers 330 acres in Contra Costa County, where Muir championed the revolutionary idea that wild spaces should be set aside for all Americans to enjoy. 
This bill would add 44 acres of donated land from a nonprofit trust, improving access to the park and its scenic trails, including those on Mount Wanda, named after Muir’s eldest daughter. 
hikers and bikers, including critical connections to the 550mile Bay Area Ridge Trail. 
As Muir once said: Every American needs beauty as well 
as bread, places to live in . . . where nature may heal and cheer and give enough strength to body and soul alike. 
Congressman George Miller, who has been a champion of this bill and who introduced it in an earlier session. 
Resources Committee Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , as 
TSONGAS , for their leadership in bringing H.R. 1289 to the floor today. 
31 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who cosponsored the bill as well as Senators BOXER and F EINSTEIN  
Muir Land Trust for its hard work and dedication to preserving and protecting this valuable parkland and shoreline in the Bay Area for future generations. 
the centennial of the National Park Service, this legislation will help preserve the trails and lands that surround the longtime home of the man known as the father of the National Park Service. 
on this bipartisan legislation, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge all Members to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, in 
conclusion, my district comprises the Sierra Nevada, and we are daily reminded of the foresight of pioneers like John Muir who worked to set aside these natural assets for, in the words of the original Yosemite Charter, ‘‘the public’s use, resort, and recreation for all time.’’ 
Keeping their memory fresh is an important objective, and I urge the adoption of the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1289, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1554) to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’. 
the lessee of Federal oil and gas lease COC– 75070 and any other valid existing rights; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
Congressman SCOTT TIPTON of Colorado, would require the U.S. Forest Service to convey by patent a small area of land near Rifle, Colorado, to its rightful owner. 
agencies resulted in the inclusion of this land in the White River National Forest even though it was originally patented in the early 20th century and was legally owned by private landowners for decades. These landowners have paid property taxes on the acreage and have used it for a variety of purposes, including agriculture and grazing. 
testified that the bill would ‘‘resolve a longstanding title issue associated with the property’’ and has recommended that the area be ‘‘confirmed in the successors in interest to the original patentees.’’ 
County, Colorado, the city of Rifle, Colorado, and many others. 
hard to correct this survey discrepancy and return this land to its rightful owner. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1554. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the GordmanLeverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Partnership, and remedy a land dispute between a private landowner and the Forest Service. 
In 1947, an administrative error occurred that shifted the boundary between the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest. This survey placed 148 acres of private land inside the forest boundary without providing consideration to the landholders. 
changed hands several times, but the administrative error has not been corrected. This bill will correct the error and acknowledge the correct boundary of the Elkhorn Ranch, providing the current owner with a free and clear title. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman POLIS and Congressman T IPTON, for their good work on this legislation. The Forest Service testified in support of this bill, and I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON), my friend who has worked tirelessly to correct this administrative 
and the ranking member for their support on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1554 is a straightforward bill, which Congressman POLIS 
and I introduced, to reconfirm the private ownership of 140 acres of land in my congressional district. 
into two private ownerships via the United States land patents issued in 1914 and 1917 and 1957, but their ownership has come into question by virtue of the 1949 government survey, which showed them to be national forest land rather than private land. 
that a government resurvey cannot take away private property or private property rights. 
the private landowners of the Elkhorn Ranch only became aware of the potential title issue in the early 2000s. Thereafter, the Forest Service conducted a lengthy and thorough review of the matter. 
both the supervisor and surveyor of the White River National Forest concluded that the ownership of the 140 acres should be confirmed in the successors in interest to the original patentees, namely the Elkhorn Ranch. 
In reaching this conclusion, the Forest Service noted that the land has never been managed by the national forestland and, indeed, has been fenced and occupied with stock ponds to develop springs, roads, and other private improvements, and it has been used as private land for ranching and agriculture for the better part of the past 100 years. 
matter of fairness and equity to a private landowner to honor government 
land patents that were granted to the landowner’s predecessors 60 to 100 years ago. 
The bill is supported by both the surveyor and the supervisor of the White River National Forest, the Garfield County Surveyor, the Garfield County Commissioners, the city of Rifle, Colorado Club 20, which represents 20 of Colorado’s counties, and Piceance Energy, which has the lease on part of the area. 
1554 in midJune, the administration testified that this bill is a practical and workable way to address the longstanding title issue. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
join the gentlewoman in requesting the adoption of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1949) to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
FOR COMMEMORATIVE WORKS IN ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
the responsibilities regarding the construction of the National Liberty Memorial that honors the slaves and freemen of African descent who fought during the American Revolution to the Secretary of Agriculture. 
on Department of Agriculture land, so this change makes sense. Under current law, either the Secretary of the Interior or the General Services Administrator would otherwise be responsible. 
passed out of committee by unanimous consent, I would urge my colleagues to vote favorably for its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, Public Law 112–239 authorized the establishment of a fund to create the National Liberty Memorial, dedicated to the honor and sacrifice of more than 5,000 enslaved and free Black people who served as sailors, soldiers, or provided civilian assistance during the Revolutionary War. This is a long overdue memorial, which recognizes the early military role Black people played in securing our Nation’s freedom. 
Administration identified a location for the memorial at 14th and Independence Avenue, Southwest, here in Washington, D.C. The approved site is on the grounds of the Department of Agriculture campus. 
In the interest of eliminating unnecessary bureaucracy through overlapping jurisdiction, H.R. 1949 would make the Department of Agriculture responsible for the consideration of the site and design proposals, doing so on behalf of the Commission of Fine Arts and National Capital Planning Commission. This responsibility would be transferred from the GSA or the Department of the Interior, as it was originally written. 
colleague, the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman BUTTERFIELD of North Carolina, for his 
years of hard work and leadership in establishing the National Liberty Memorial. We are all looking forward to seeing it open sometime in the future, 
and it will be a fitting tribute to those who sacrificed so much to create this great Nation of ours. 
H.R. 1949, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
ready to close when the gentlewoman concludes, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). 
yielding time. I thank her for those kind words a moment ago and thank her for her leadership here in the Congress. 
of my bill, H.R. 1949, the National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015. I was joined by my colleague, Congressman TOMMCCLINTOCK from California, who serves as chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources Subcommittee on Federal Lands. 
I am grateful for Chairman MCCLINTOCK ’s early and sustained support for 
this bill and appreciate his moving it expeditiously to the floor for consideration. 
which I have long supported, seeks to honor the more than 5,000 slaves and free persons of color or, as historians sometimes refer to them, free Negroes who fought for independence during the American Revolution. 
The memorial will ultimately be constructed near the National Mall in what is known as area one, pursuant to H.J. Res. 120, my resolution that was signed into law by President Obama last year. The preferred site location for the memorial is at the Department of Agriculture’s Whitten Building, where both the memorial’s private sponsor and the USDA want it to be ultimately constructed. 
Commemorative Works Act, the Government Services Administration is charged with, among other things, site and design proposals and their submission to the appropriate memorial planning commissions. 
physically located on property occupied by the Department of Agriculture, my bill will simply transfer site and design responsibilities to the Secretary of Agriculture. The memorial sponsor and the USDA both believe that the Secretary of Agriculture is in the best position to expeditiously move this important memorial project forward. 
sponsor and USDA to make progress on a design and construction plan. This simple change, Mr. Speaker, will eliminate duplication, better use scarce Federal resources, and avoid unnecessary delay. 
significant memorial to fruition is of great importance to me. It is of great 
importance to the Congressional Black Caucus. It is important, certainly, to the constituents that I represent in North Carolina and descendants of the brave Revolutionary War soldiers who sacrificed so much on behalf of American independence. 
signal their support for H.R. 1949 simply by voting ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the 
National Liberty Memorial reminds us of a story of patriotism and sacrifice that won the independence of our country and that set in motion what Lincoln called ‘‘the last best hope of mankind.’’ It is a story from the American Revolution that, to this day, has not been adequately acknowledged. 
have joined as a cosponsor of it, and to urge the House its speedy adoption. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1949, the National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015, which will help lay the final foundation for a National Liberty Memorial in Washington, D.C. 
nation was inked into existence by Thomas Jefferson in defense of a simple idea: that all men were created equal, and are endowed with certain unalienable rights. Countless men and women stood up for that idea around the new nation—some volunteered to fight, but others served in their own way as civilians. We know so many of those patriots’ names by heart—George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, John Paul Jones, John Adams—and those we do not are remembered in their hometowns all across America. 
who are too often forgotten: the thousands of slaves and freed men and women who fought for our country and provided civilian assistance at our most vulnerable time. These men and women believed so fully in the ideas and principles of the American Revolution that they fought, died, and sacrificed even as their own rights were trampled. 
absolute highest form. But there is no monument to their sacrifice, no memorial for their descendants to honor, and no place for our nation to offer their collective thanks. 
Act of 2015 will finally pay the debt we owe to these brave patriots who helped breathe life into our new nation. After some 230 years, it is the least we can do. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK for offering this important legislation. I would also like to thank my former Judiciary staffer, Maurice Barboza, who has been fighting to honor the sacrifices of slaves and freed persons for decades. Their work is a credit to us all. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1949, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2791) to require that certain Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cow Creek 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of the Council Creek land with— 
in this title, nothing in this title affects any right or claim of the Tribe existing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
real property taken into trust under section 103 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under section 103. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— 
harvested from the Coquille Forest shall be subject to the same Federal statutory restrictions on export to foreign nations that apply to unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land. 
any other provision of law, all sales of timber from land subject to this subsection shall be advertised, offered, and awarded according to competitive bidding practices, with sales being awarded to the highest responsible bidder.’’; 
rights, including rightsofway, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Oregon Coastal land, including any improvements located on the land, appurtenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of the Oregon Coastal land with— 
in this title, nothing in this title affects any 
right or claim of the Confederated Tribes existing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
real property taken into trust under section 303 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
activity that is carried out on the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 303 shall be managed in accordance with all applicable Federal laws. 
shall consult with the Secretary and other parties as necessary to develop agreements to provide for access to the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 303 that provide for— 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes under section 303. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the gentlemen from Oregon, Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. W ALDEN , for their 
hard work on this important piece of legislation that will benefit several Indian tribes in the State of Oregon. 
standalone bills that were reported out of the Natural Resources Committee and passed by the full House as part of larger measures during the 113th Congress. 
detail, I will, at this point, reserve the balance of my time. 
of work to address the wrongs of the past. The ‘‘termination era’’ in Federal Indian policy is one of the darkest chapters in American history. In Oregon, all but one of the tribes lost their Federal recognition. 
Fortunately, the Federal Government eventually saw the error of their ways and restored the recognition of the tribes, but they were now left with nonexistent or inadequate land bases. 
Fairness Act, will go a long way in helping reestablish longpromised land bases for the Oregon tribes, while also giving them the ability to effectively manage their land on their own terms. 
our colleagues from Oregon, Mr. DEFAZIOand Mr. W ALDEN , for listening to 
the needs of the Oregon tribal people and continuing to push for this bipartisan legislation. 
passed the House by voice vote last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same now. 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). 
the gentlewoman for both the kind words and for yielding the time here on the floor. I particularly want to thank the chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee and his words of support, also, and I thank the committee for sending this bill to the floor. 
Act is a bipartisan, nocost, commonsense bill that will go a long way toward helping resolve some of the problems Federal Government and its haphazard policy shifts have created for three western Oregon tribes. The bill provides fairness for three tribes: the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw; the Cow Creek; and the Coquille. 
The bill contains the text of provisions within H.R. 5701, which passed unanimously last December, but was not enacted into law. 
western Oregon. After signing many treaties with the tribes, the United States removed them from their original homelands and put them on only two reservations, established to house potentially more than 60 tribal governments. 
All tribes west of the Cascades lost Federal recognition when the Western Oregon Termination Act became law. Scholars called it the ‘‘termination era.’’ It was terrible Federal Indian policy. It was so bad that it was formally rebuked by Congress less than 30 years later. 
In the 1970s, Congress began the process of restoring the western Oregon tribes to Federal recognition, cleaning up the mess and injustice the United States had made. 
In fact, I began my congressional career as an original sponsor of the Coquille Restoration Act, legislation to restore one of Oregon’s terminated tribes; yet, even today, it remains difficult for these tribes to function as the sovereign nations they are and to govern themselves effectively. Unlike many tribes, the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw, as well as the Cow Creek, are deprived of any land held in trust. 
States, the Coquille Indian Tribe must function under a legal anomaly with regard to its own forest. 
Act makes good on a decadesold promise to restore land bases for the Coos and Cow Creek tribes, and it puts the Coquille Indian Tribe’s forest on an equal footing with those of other Indian tribes nationwide. 
all Members to join us in supporting this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, my 
of description was well placed. I endorse his remarks and ask for adoption of the measure. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 501) to make technical corrections to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘New Mexico 
of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1391) is amended by inserting ‘‘Project’’ before ‘‘water’’. 
Section 10609 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1395) is amended— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
Settlement Technical Corrections Act, makes a number of small changes to a Federal law impacting the Navajo Nation’s water projects in New Mexico. 
misspellings, citations, and other errors to help expedite the completion of water infrastructure projects. 
noncontroversial bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
S. 501 would make technical corrections, as my colleague has stated, to the NavajoGallup Water Supply Project, which was authorized by Congress in the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009. 
The legislation will help provide a reliable water supply to tribal communities on a faster timeline and promote economic growth in northwestern New Mexico. This legislation has the administration’s support and has already passed the Senate by unanimous consent. 
I want to thank my friend and colleague, Congressman BENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, the sponsor of the companion legislation here in the House, for all of his hard work and leadership on this critical issue. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 230) to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Corporation’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 2 for use in connection with health and social services programs. 
conveyance by the Secretary of title by warranty deed under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 2 executed by the Secretary and the Corporation. 
The property, including all land and appurtenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey No. 4000, Lot 2, T. 8 N., R. 71 W., Seward Meridian, containing 22.98 acres. 
other provision of law, the Corporation shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination resulting from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 2 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Corporation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, for his hard work as the sponsor of the House companion to this bill, H.R. 521. 
the Committee on Natural Resources by unanimous consent in July of this year. The Senate version, S. 230, sponsored by Senator MURKOWSKI , is before 
us today. This bill directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to convey by warranty deed a 23acre parcel of Federal land under the administration of the Indian Health Service and located in Bethel, Alaska, to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation for health and social service related programs. 
The YKHC is a nonprofit Alaska Native organization which operates a regional hospital on the 23 acres of the Federal land conveyed under this bill. In recent years, the hospital has had a need to expand and renovate the existing facilities in this location. To secure funding for the hospital expansion, the YKHC must demonstrate sufficient site control, but because the surrounding land is federally owned, this bill is necessary to provide the health corporation the site control necessary to improve its facilities. 
bills in the last several Congresses and, like those, this bill is supported by the 
I again want to commend my colleague from Alaska for his hard work for Alaska Natives, and I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
has so eloquently stated, will provide for the conveyance of approximately 23 acres to the YKHC, located in Bethel, Alaska, for the purposes of constructing a primary care clinic attached to the existing hospital. 
This bill is identical to H.R. 521, introduced by our colleague and my very dear and good friend, Chairman DON 
consent out of the Committee on Natural Resources. The land transfer is needed so that the YKHC might participate in the Indian Health Service Joint Venture Construction Program. 
fundamental part of our trust responsibility to tribal members, and passage of this bill will ensure that the YKHC can meet the current and future needs of its residents. 
I urge my colleagues to support passage of S. 230. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), that legendary force of Alaskan nature. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
do thank the chairman and I do thank the ranking member for their kind comments. 
piece of legislation. As was mentioned, it has passed the House twice. The Senate finally passed out a bill, and now we are dealing with a Senate bill. 
As was mentioned, this gives an opportunity for the YKHC, a Native hospital, to expand on Federal lands. By ownership of the land now, there will be no cloud on that title. 
appreciate the work that has been put into this. This is a bill that should have been signed into law a lot sooner. It will be done now, and we will be able to expand this hospital for my Alaska Natives. 
yield back for the day, I want to thank my colleague, Chairman MCCLINTOCK , 
for his collegiality today and his leadership in making this a pleasant afternoon and a bipartisan afternoon. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting S. 230. 
would reciprocate those kind words to the gentlewoman from Michigan; thank you. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 
unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Thursday, September 24, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in Joint Meeting Pope Francis of the Holy See. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2223) to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’. 
recreational and natural resource conservation opportunities in the Pike National Forest near Pikes Peak, Colorado via acquisition of the nonFederal land and trail easement. 
land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 83 acres of land within the Pike National Forest, El Paso County, Colorado, together with a nonexclusive perpetual access easement to BHI to and from such land on Forest Service Road 371, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Federal Parcel–Emerald Valley Ranch’’, dated March 2015. 
Federal land’’ means the land and trail easement to be conveyed to the Secretary by BHI in the exchange and is— 
the Pike National Forest, Teller County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– NonFederal Parcel–Crags Property’’, dated March 2015; and 
Barr Trail in El Paso County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange–Barr Trail Easement to United States’’, dated March 2015, and which shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by BHI for all purposes of law. 
the Secretary all right, title, and interest of BHI in and to the nonFederal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and simultaneously convey to BHI the Federal land. 
land conveyed and donated to the Secretary under this Act shall be acceptable to the Secretary and shall conform to the title approval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applicable to land acquisitions by the Federal Government. 
and use Forest Service Road 371 from its junction with Forest Service Road 368 in accordance with historic use and maintenance patterns by BHI; and 
and the Secretary may mutually agree to improve, relocate, reconstruct, or otherwise alter the route and condition of all or portions of such road as the Secretary, in close consultation with BHI, may determine advisable. 
be exchanged under this Act shall be determined by the Secretary through appraisals performed in accordance with— 
the Federal and nonFederal land parcels exchanged shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: 
Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and 
acquisition of land or interests in land in Region 2 of the Forest Service. 
value of the Federal land parcel shall not reflect any increase or diminution in value due to the special use permit existing on the date of the enactment of this Act to BHI on the parcel and improvements thereunder. 
Secretary under this Act shall, without further action by the Secretary, be permanently withdrawn from all forms of appropriation and disposal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leasing laws) and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
land order that withdraws the Federal land from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked to the extent necessary to permit disposal of the Federal land parcel to BHI. 
Federal land authorized to be exchanged under this Act, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the public lands laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land to BHI. 
Land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the PikeSan Isabel National Forest and be managed in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the National Forest System. 
of Congress that the land exchange directed by this Act be consummated no later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
may by mutual agreement make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and nonFederal lands involved in the exchange, and may correct any minor errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of any land to be exchanged. 
a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this Act, the map shall control unless the Secretary and BHI mutually agree otherwise. 
Act, the Secretary shall file and make available for public inspection in the headquarters of the PikeSan Isabel National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015, which I introduced, along with Mr. POLIS, to facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties in Colorado. 
convey to the United States the 320 acre Crags property located on the west side of Pikes Peak that is currently owned by the Broadmoor Hotel and that is a perpetual public access easement for the lower portion of the popular Barr Trail. 
In exchange, an 83acre Federal parcel located at Emerald Valley Ranch on the southeast side of Pikes Peak and that is a perpetual access easement along two Forest Service roads would be transferred to the Broadmoor. 
management and liability issues currently facing the United States because of the significant upgrades and improvements that Broadmoor has made to the Emerald Valley Ranch parcel. 
also provide increased outdoor recreational opportunities for the public. The 320acre Crags property is completely surrounded by the Pike National Forest and has been the top acquisition priority for the Pikes Peak Ranger District for several years. 
The property provides several opportunities to connect forest system trails emanating from The Crags Campground with trails in the Putney Gulch area. In addition, existing trails within the property could become key links in the proposed Ring the Peak Trail. 
the entire staff of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands for all of their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor tonight to help increase the economic and recreational opportunities around Colorado Springs. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Rather than repeat what the chairman of the subcommittee just indicated on H.R. 2223, let me just say that the exchange eliminates a large private inholding in the National Forest and removes the need for the Federal land management of the Emerald Valley Ranch. The Forest Service testified in support of the legislation. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman POLIS and Congressman L AMBORN , for their hard and constructive 
work on this legislation. This is a good, bipartisan piece of legislation, and I congratulate its two sponsors. I urge its passage. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I appreciate the ranking member, Representative GRIJALVA , for his 
Sometimes we don’t agree, but sometimes we do. This is one of those great occasions when, on a bipartisan basis, we do agree. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise tonight to congratulate Mario Kreutzberger, better known as Don Francisco, for his successful career as the host of Sabado Gigante whose last airing will be this Saturday, September 19. 
country of Chile 53 years ago, Sabado Gigante has captivated and won the hearts of audiences throughout Latin America and especially in our south 
Nearly 30 years since its first transmission into the United States, Sabado Gigante has attracted loyal and enthusiastic viewers who enjoy the combination of entertainment and coverage of current events. In 2012, the Guinness Book of Records listed Sabado Gigante as the world’s longest running TV variety show. 
Don Francisco has also been dedicated to promoting charitable giving through his Teleton and has served as a spokesperson for the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Wherever Don Francisco decides to go, he will not only find success, but also the heartfelt support of our community. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
here today to recognize one of my outstanding constituents, Ms. Veronica Potter, of Barrington, Illinois. 
I know that the service of women in our 
current history is applauded because the service is indeed equal to that of men in our military, but in World War II, there were many women involved in serving their country in the military, but as a whole, nothing is ever mentioned. 
would like to mention her today here on the House floor. 
1942 when the strain of our twofront war caused shortages in military personnel. Recognizing her country needed her in a time of war, Veronica selflessly volunteered and served in the U.S. Marines Corps Reserves from 1944 to 1946 and supported our country’s efforts during World War II. 
out of high school. After basic training, she was deployed to the Marine base in Parris Island, South Carolina, for 2 years, where she contributed to the wartime operations on the base that helped train more than 204,000 marines destined for the front line in defense of our great Nation. 
dire time of need and has not been properly recognized for her efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing Veronica Potter, a woman who contributed to the success of the U.S. Marines during World War II. 
7 legislative days from yet another Republican government shutdown, simply 
women access to comprehensive health care—7 days away from a government shutdown—and we have no solution to keep our government funded and running. 
strengthen our middle class, build bigger paychecks for all Americans, and invest our infrastructure. 
dysfunction, just this week, General Electric announced that, because of the ‘‘political debate over America’s global competitiveness and the future of the ExportImport Bank,’’ it is shifting 500 manufacturing jobs out of the U.S. 
I know that manufacturing jobs, such as those at GE, are the foundation to reversing income inequality and igniting innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot hold our government and our American livelihood hostage. I call upon my Republican colleagues to stop pulling a Kim Davis and do your job. 
rise to recognize an industry that has a large and very delicious impact on my home district in the Fifth District of New Jersey. I, of course, am talking about New Jersey’s confectionary manufacturers. 
I am proud to see New Jersey products in stores, not only throughout the State and the country, but around the world. The Fifth District’s own Promotion in Motion and M&M Mars have contributed to countless fond memories of enjoying candy at sports games, movie theaters, and birthday parties; but the confectionary industry provides even more than just tasty treats. 
country, this industry is an economic driver comprised of familyowned businesses employing tens of thousands of employees across the State and across the country. 
place thanks to the candy manufacturers that call our State of New Jersey home. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, Members, here we are, 2 weeks away from another potential shutdown of the government. 
silly it sounds to threaten shutting down the entire government over a manufactured crisis for funding that does not even go to abortions? Current law already withholds Federal funding from covering a woman’s abortion, except in cases of extreme limited circumstances. To gamble with valuable Federal programs should be embarrassing. 
Here are just a few examples of programs that will be affected if the GOP pursues a strategy that I doubt they would want to see happen. 
the Centers for Disease Control would be unable to support the annual seasonal influenza program. 
more on foreign energy as the issuance of permits for energy production on Federal lands stop. I certainly know my Republican colleagues wouldn’t want to see that happen. 
Head Start centers around the country would close. During fiscal year 2014, an estimated 1,600 Head Start agencies served over 927,000 children, including 71,000 in Texas. Apparently, our children are okay to target in a political debate. 
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives would be affected; and gun permits will not be processed. 
the extension of valuable programs like the ExportImport Bank or the highway trust fund, but instead, we are going through the same theatrics we went through 2 years ago, which accomplished nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to be reasonable and pass a clean continuing resolution so Congress can get back to work doing what the American people sent us here to do. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
good news of this place is a congratulations offered by my colleague just a few minutes ago to a 90yearold lady who served in World War II and had never received a thank you. 
Wouldn’t it be a positive step to reflect on America and to be able to hold in this body positive things that shows the Congress working together? Yet, as has been mentioned, our colleagues want to defund Planned Parenthood and shut down the government. 
I wonder whether or not, in this debate coming up, that any of the moderators will ask whether any of those debating will stand in shutting down the government. I wonder whether they will ask them whether they support voting rights and will support the restoration of the Voting Rights Act, like the Americans who walked 1,000 miles for justice. 
would ask them whether they care anything about criminal justice reform and decriminalizing, if you will, this system where it has mass incarceration, children in jail, where it doesn’t 
that have been making a lot of noise in front of the public who will be in the public eye all over America, Mr. Speaker, whether they will answer the real questions about America and bring us together. 
and making sure that we fix the criminal justice system, those are the questions that should be asked tonight. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
this evening to talk about the Land and Water Conservation Fund, our Nation’s most important conservation and outdoor recreation program. 
Water Conservation Fund has conserved our Nation’s most cherished natural spaces and historic landmarks. This groundbreaking program, created and reauthorized on a strong bipartisan basis, has protected and expanded iconic landscapes in every State and is responsible for more than 40,000 State and local outdoor recreation projects, from playgrounds and baseball fields to urban parks and nature refuges. 
By reinvesting revenues from offshore oil and gas development in communities across America, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has become ‘‘America’s best parks program.’’ 
fund has provided approximately $223 million in funding to help preserve iconic places like the Grand Canyon, 
Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge, and the San Pedro Riparian National Conservation Area. 
Recently, I had the pleasure of joining National Park staff and students from Cholla High School, Desert View High School, and Pueblo High School for a day of appreciation at Saguaro National Park West. For many of the students that joined us on this visit, this was their first visit to Saguaro, despite it being a 15minute drive from Tucson. 
Land and Water Conservation Fund funding to benefit Arizonans, the desert tortoise, Gila monsters, and other desert wildlife that call Saguaro home. Without it, our students would have had a smaller national park to experience, less to learn, and less to enjoy. 
Fund has preserved iconic sites like this all over the country. Our trip to Saguaro was hardly unique. These stories of discovery happen every day thanks to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
legislation expires on September 30, 2015. Six legislative days remain before the clock runs out. The stakes are high. 
Fund is not renewed, special wild areas will be at greater risk of overdevelopment, and our Nation’s ability to conserve lands for future generations will be severely undercut. 
and Water Conservation Fund’s legacy. We should stop playing political games and do what the public clearly wants us to do. We should permanently reauthorize and fully fund the program. It is that simple. 
not acted to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. They seem perfectly content to let it expire. 
Rather than meeting with their fellow legislators and reaching a compromise, as Senate Republicans have done, the House Republican leadership, once again, has shown an inability to do what is best for sportsmen, the outdoor industry, recreation enthusiasts, and wildlife. By allowing the fund to expire, they serve no one’s interest and create a deficit in our legacy as protectors of public land and public resources in this country. 
It protects public land for future use. There is no more an American goal than that, but it is held up by a leadership team that would rather do nothing. 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund with support from both parties. It shouldn’t be any different this time. The support is there. 
a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund was introduced. To date, the bill boasts support from over 165 Members of Congress, both Republican and Democrats. 
I have made a request—as the sequence of time that we have been waiting—asking for a full hearing, a markup, and an eventual vote on this floor. 
I made a request to hold a vote on H.R. 1814. These requests have fallen on deaf ears. 
The clock is running out. House Republican leaders must act. It won’t take much to get the Land and Water Conservation Fund back on track, but they have to say yes to moving forward and to doing a bipartisan legislation, which is what the colleagues of this Chamber are asking for. It is time for action. 
on our colleagues to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. To not do so is not carrying out our full responsibilities as stewards of the public lands, but also, more importantly, when you have before you a request by over 165 Members on a bipartisan manner on a bill that has compromises within it that were reached at the Senate level as well, it 
appears to me that not to do this fund is to set up this fund for failure, to set up this fund for dismantling, and to set up this fund to redirect the purpose for which this fund was created 50 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS), the ranking member for the Subcommittee on Federal Lands. 
like to thank Ranking Member G RIJALVA for his leadership and advocacy 
on behalf of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
We have a generational responsibility to protect our Nation’s remaining natural and historic resources for our children and our grandchildren. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been an instrumental tool, an invaluable tool in this effort. 
Water Conservation Fund has carried out a simple, bipartisan idea: use revenues from the depletion of one Federal resource—offshore oil and gas—to conserve another—our land and water— and provide recreation opportunities for all Americans. It does not cost taxpayer money or contribute to the Federal deficit, relying instead on royalties paid by oil and gas companies in exchange for their right to develop offshore resources in waters that belong to all of the American people. 
tool to protect some of our Nation’s most significant cultural and historic sites, protecting places that have shaped and defined who we are as a people and a country and would not have been protected without support from the Federal Government. 
host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell at my annual River Day, an event I have held in my district for the past 9 years that celebrates the rivers that connect the Third Congressional District of Massachusetts and the many partners who work to protect these resources that provide clean drinking water, create tremendous recreational opportunities, and bring natural beauty to our daily life. 
Jewell and I visited Minute Man National Historical Park, which commemorates the famous shot heard ’round the world in the very beginnings of our country. Like many national parks and public lands across the country, Minute Man, and all those who visit, have directly benefited from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Colonel James Barrett, the commander of the Middlesex militia during the Revolutionary War. His farm was used to store colonial militia weapons and was the objective of the British march on Concord that inspired Paul Revere’s ride. British forces marched from Boston to seize the munitions stored at the farm, but Barrett’s militia confronted the British soldiers at the North Bridge, where the shot heard ’round the world was fired, launching America’s war for independence. 
For many years, this important historic site, Barrett’s Farm, was privately owned, restricted from the public, and was in a complete state of disrepair. Thanks to the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the National Park Service was able to purchase Barrett’s Farm from a willing, private local foundation, ensuring that this nationally significant historical site is preserved to be enjoyed by visitors for many years to come. 
this Congress had the wisdom and foresight to establish the Land and Water Conservation Fund for the benefit of future generations of Americans. Dismantling this program or letting its authorization expire disadvantages all in real and significant ways. I can’t imagine the loss of the important piece of history of Barrett’s Farm that the LWCF made possible to preserve. 
supporting full funding and permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, making sure that it remains one of our Nation’s most successful and effective conservation tools. 
to the gentleman from California’s 47th District (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources. 
calling us together for this Special Order hour to highlight the need for the Land and Water Conservation Fund and for his leadership in seeking a permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
and Water Conservation Fund is far and away our Nation’s most important conservation program. The LWCF is a popular and successful bipartisan program for the conservation and protection of America’s irreplaceable natural, historic, cultural, and outdoor landmarks. 
conserved more than 5 million acres for parks, for recreation, for forests, for refuges, and for other land through the Federal program, but that is just part of the LWCF. Also, more than 2.6 million acres has been saved in communities throughout every State in the Nation. 
every State. It is responsible for more than 40,000 State and local outdoor recreational projects at no cost, as has been pointed out, to the American taxpayer. In fact, according to a recent economic analysis, every dollar invested in the conservation of public lands through the LWCF leads to $4 in economic activities to local communities. 
that contributes over $646 billion to the economy each year and supports more than 1 in every 15 jobs in the United States. 
That economic activity and job creation plays out locally all over the country, not only in the broad service and manufacturing sectors, but in the thousands upon thousands of recreational destination areas and the gateway communities where we all go to enjoy the outdoors. My home State of California has received more than $2.3 billion in LWCF funding over the past five decades, which has helped to protect some of our State’s most treasured places. 
Fund also plays a crucial role in building up the ability of our lands to reduce the damages caused by climate change. Our network of public lands plays a critical role in addressing the challenges that climate change poses to our forests, fish and wildlife, and riparian resources. America’s forests naturally capture a remarkable 13 percent of U.S. carbon emissions each year, but the U.S. Forest Service projects that private forests, storing more than 2 billion tons of carbon, are at risk of development in addition. Coastal wetlands, we also know, can lessen the damages caused by major storms, and land conservation in the wildlandurban interface can reduce home losses from major fires. 
and Water Conservation Fund will be essential to help us buffer the impacts of a changing climate. If funding is allowed to expire, the American public will lose one of our greatest tools to ensure the protection of our public lands and waters and the ability of everyone to go outside and to enjoy these wonderful resources. We simply cannot let that happen. 
commitment it made over 50 years ago and ensure that our children and our grandchildren get to enjoy America’s treasured outdoor spaces the same way we have been able to enjoy those spaces. We must permanently reauthorize the LWCF. 
to the gentleman from California’s Second District (Mr. HUFFMAN ), the 
ranking member on the Water, Power, and Oceans Subcommittee of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
more than 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has protected America’s natural heritage. This fund is one of our Nation’s most important conservation tools. Every single year, millions of Americans hike the trails that this fund has helped build, they visit the national parks that this fund helped create, and they enjoy the wildland vistas that it helped protect. 
40,000 projects in nearly every county in every State in our Nation. In my own district on California’s north coast, it has funded projects in Redwood National Park, in Six Rivers National Forest, and in the Point Reyes National Seashore. 
than 1,000 acres to the King Range National Conservation Area, which is one of the most rugged and spectacular backpacking areas you will find anywhere in the continental United States. It is also known as the Lost Coast. 
has had is simply staggering. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has permanently protected 5 million acres of public lands, and that includes sections of American icons, like the Grand Canyon National Park and the Appalachian Trail. Best of all, it has done all of this at no taxpayer expense. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is financed by a portion of offshore drilling fees. 
preserving our natural heritage isn’t just good for our environment; it is good for our economy. Outdoor recreation is a cornerstone for many local and State economies, bringing tourists from around the world to shop at local businesses, to eat at restaurants, to stay at hotels. 
In California alone, outdoor recreation supports $85.4 billion in consumer spending and 732,000 jobs across the State; but in just 2 weeks, authorization of this fund will expire, leaving local economies in jeopardy, leaving our land managers struggling to make up for lost funding. 
Land and Water Conservation Fund with an overwhelming bipartisan vote. I hope Congress can come together now to support H.R. 1814, a bipartisan bill sponsored by my friend Mr. GRIJALVA , 
that permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund. America’s natural heritage and our economy depend on it. 
to the gentlewoman from Washington’s First District (Ms. DELBENE). 
the honor of representing one of the most beautiful and diverse districts in the country. It includes the Alpine Lakes Wilderness, the Mount Baker Snoqualmie National Forest, the North Cascades National Park, and the North Creek Forest, all incredible areas for people throughout our region and across the country to enjoy. 
congressional authorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund will expire. LWCF was established 50 years ago to maintain outdoor recreational opportunities nationwide. It is the only Federal program dedicated to the conservation of our national parks, forests, wildernesses, wildlife refuges, State and local parks, and working forests. 
Since its inception, the fund has invested $637 million in Washington State projects alone, including three grants for the North Creek Forest, a 64 
acre park I visited just last month. A community organization called Friends of North Creek Forest and a college student named Jordan from the University of Washington at Bothell gave me a tour of the forest. 
worked with the community and conservation volunteers to clean up the site and design new trails for hikers and hundreds of schoolchildren to enjoy. This forest is a safe and healthy place for our families and students to have fun and learn about species diversity and the importance of conservation efforts. This is just one project among thousands across the country. 
critical program, environmental conservation projects and Washington’s outdoor recreational industry would be needlessly harmed because not only is the Land and Water Conservation Fund crucial for protecting the Pacific Northwest’s beautiful spaces, it is also important for our State’s economy as well as the entire country’s. In Washington State alone, outdoor recreation supports nearly 200,000 jobs and contributes $20 billion a year to our economy. 
Fund uses no taxpayer dollars and is funded through oil and gas receipts paid by energy companies. Unfortunately, in the past, Congress has diverted this money for other uses. That is why I, along with 159 of my colleagues, have cosponsored a bill to permanently reauthorize the fund. 
our Nation’s most beautiful forests, mountains, and waterways, and taking care of these natural resources and protecting our environment is critical to preserving the quality of life that we cherish. 
work of these environmental conservation projects, which is why Congress must reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
I want to thank Congressman GRIJALVA for organizing this Special Order 
September 30, the authorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund expires. That date is a looming date for the Republican leadership of this House. 
of a government shutdown. Other critical programs that face reauthorization are also ending on September 30. 
allow the House to work its will. Until this House has the opportunity to deal with this issue of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we will continue to not know its status and we will watch the agonizingly slow and painful dismantling and end of this program. 
The reauthorization has, in its history, been bipartisan and bicameral. 
Both Republican and Democratic colleagues are part of the 165 sponsors of the legislation in the House. The compromise in that committee was between the ranking member and the chair of that committee in the Senate. 
So I think it behooves us to look at 
this fund, for every day past the 30th of September $2.5 million will be lost to that fund, money that we cannot afford to lose. 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund after the 30th and then to develop it without bipartisan input, without the Democrats playing any role at all in legislation that redefines the Fund and that includes purposes for which the Fund was never established and redirect its funds into areas which are far from the mission of the Fund when it was established 50 years ago, is effectively killing the Fund. 
and land management agencies that have endured in the last four or five budgets point to the fact that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has become an essential supplemental support to many of our public lands and the projects and outdoor activities and wildlife protections that the American people expect. 
I suggest to the House that this reauthorization should be devoid of controversy and should be devoid of partisan bickering and political grandstanding. This is a routine item that requires action by the House. 
out, fully funding and fully authorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund on a permanent basis is what the public is asking for and is what 165 Members of this House are asking for. 
I believe that the Republican leadership of this House has to act and allow the House of Representatives, the 
elected Representatives of the people of this Nation, to work its will and take that vote. 
economic benefit and priorities of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Let me just add that a bipartisan poll found that 88 percent of the voters support continuing to set aside offshore oil and gas drilling fees that should go into the Land and Water Conservation Fund and 85 percent of Americans want the fund to be fully funded. 
Land and Water Conservation Funds and that is invested, it results in a return of $4 in economic value from the natural resources goods and services alone. 
million comes from those offshore oil and gas resources and $17 billion that is collected from those fees and resources that are collected from offshore drilling and gas and oil development goes for other purposes elsewhere in the government. 
very small sum of money that many of us felt should have been raised a long 
time ago. We are jeopardizing this sum of money. 
we are further dismantling and further hurting the public’s use of our public lands and, more importantly, the protections and cultural resource activities that occur as a result of the fund. 
It is a simple matter. Bring it to a 
hearing. Bring it to a vote. I would urge the leadership of this House that it is way past time. To agonizingly wait for September 30 is not a function of government. It is cynical. It is wrong. 
enjoys the bipartisan support that H.R. 1814 enjoys, it is time to bring it to the floor and allow this Congress to vote and allow this bill to be reauthorized on a permanent level, on a permanent basis. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, actually, there are some people that it is more of a pleasure to work in this House with than others. 
those that it is a real honor and privilege to work with. 
floor to talk about one of the most important issues, maybe the most important issue, of this Congress, recent Congresses, maybe future Congresses, because it has to do with whether or not the Republicanmarked majority in the Senate are going to just appear to oppose the Iranian agreement or if they are going to stop it. 
have no reason to doubt, with the best of intentions. I didn’t vote for it. I could see what I was afraid was coming, and it is what has come. But those that voted for it had a legitimate basis for doing so. 
States, Barack Obama, had said this is basically an executive agreement, he doesn’t need the Senate’s vote. And that is true if it is not a treaty. 
that he was—and he said it—negotiating a nonbinding agreement. Those were the kind of statements from which the CorkerCardin bill was based. 
the Senate each a vote on something that was considered to be a nonbinding executive agreement with Iran. However, after the U.N. Security Council voted on it, finally Congress got to see the socalled nonbinding agreement. 
keep getting messages about: Gee, you cannot stop this. Because to stop it would put us in breach of the agreement. How can we be in breach of a nonbinding agreement? 
a chance to read the socalled Iranian deal, Iranian agreement. It is a treaty. There is no question it is a treaty. 
You cannot amend a treaty with anything that falls short of being a treaty itself. 
It is just like here in the House. You 
can’t amend legislation unless you amend it with other legislation, although we have bureaucracies like the EPA and others who have just decided to go off on their own and start legislating against the clear and expressed intent of Congress. But it is not lawful. They are acting unlawfully. They are acting outside the bounds of the Constitution. 
that is not his. He has done so in setting out an amnesty. He spoke it, as any good monarch would, and then the Secretary of Homeland Security put it into memos. 
what it was on naturalization and immigration passed by Congress, signed by the President. They just changed it with the President speaking it and then Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of Homeland Security, doing memos. 
Well, that is one thing. It does damage to this country. But when we are talking about an agreement which, under most everybody’s description, will allow Iran to get nuclear weapons, there is disagreement whether that will be later or sooner. 
that, yes, it is going to allow them to get nukes, but it will be later. Others of us know. They have cheated on every agreement they have entered since 1979, when they came into existence as mullahs running a country. 
Ayatollah Khomeini as a man of peace—a peace of destruction—but they have broken every international agreement in which they participated in since 1979. 
They have never been made to account or held accountable for taking our embassy employees hostage for over a year. 
the administration negotiated with a man that is being charged with desertion in return for giving radical Islamists, murderers, and terrorists back to continue to create havoc and kill Americans and others, but now we are going to give them the ability to have an agreement. 
Well, they have broken every agreement they have entered for 36 years. But this one, we think we in the Obama administration are so special that this time they are really not going to breach this agreement, despite the fact that the Ayatollah himself and the other top leaders still say death to America, they still say they are plotting the destruction or overthrow of 
we have people who didn’t learn enough from the disastrous agreement with North Korea that gave the North Koreans nuclear weapons. Now they are trying the same strategy. 
have the wherewithal to produce nuclear weapons, then maybe they really won’t do that. 
And if they do, it will be years down 
the road. But you don’t even know in Congress what the side deals are between the IAEA and Iran. 
Iran at bay for 8 years in this provision or until the IAEA states the broader conclusion that Iran’s nuclear material is being used for peaceful purposes, whichever is sooner, we don’t even know what the deal between the IAEA and Iran is. 
quoted as saying that, as far as they know, their nuclear material is being used for peaceful purposes, but they haven’t been allowed into the material facilities for years. 
to decide the agreement is finalized and ratified, the IAEA could turn right around and say: As far as we know, it is peaceful materials, but we haven’t been allowed into the military facilities where they are doing the real nuclear weapons work. They are going to give us samples, and the samples they gave us showed they are using it for peaceful purposes. 
though they have lied about every international agreement they have entered since 1979. 
they wouldn’t lie now. I am telling you that this Iranian agreement has to be stopped, and the United States voters gave the United States Senate over to a majority of Republicans in the last elections. As our great President has said, elections have consequences. 
where we got a majority, Republicans got a majority in the House, that that was not meaningful, and he acts like the voters giving the majority to Republicans in the Senate, that didn’t count, but it does count. 
The only way it is going to count, it 
is going to have consequences, is if the Senate stands up—and I would encourage them, their leaders. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think I am asking too much to ask that the Republican leadership have the same or close to the same amount of backbone that HARRY REID 
did when he suspended cloture on confirmations. I hope that is not too much to ask. 
for things he believes in, we are asking the Senate to, the Republicans in the Senate, please stand up, almost as much as HARRY REIDdid when he set 
Now, a number of us sent a letter to 
down the hall, imploring him to treat the Iranian agreement as the treaty it is because, if they just go along with the fiction that the Iranian agreement does fall under the Corker bill and, therefore, it takes twothirds to disapprove in the Senate, twothirds to disapprove in the House, well, here in the House, we have said the Corker bill doesn’t apply at this time for sure. I would submit it doesn’t apply at all. 
All we have to do is rely on our 
founding document, the Constitution, ratified, made effective 1789, written 1787, and this article II, section 2, second paragraph, beginning of the paragraph says the President ‘‘shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur.’’ 
for us to follow the Constitution here because the Iranian agreement is a treaty. It modifies other treaties, like the nonproliferation treaty. 
It also, as was specifically not contemplated in the Corker bill, it deals with allowing them to have weapons, purchase weapons, armaments, that was not supposed to be in the Iranian agreement. 
It also addresses the sanctions allowing them to have over $100 billion, to $150 billion, so that they can use it for terrorist activity, so that more Americans and Israeli, Jews, Christians, can be terrorized and killed—and I shouldn’t fail to mention moderate Muslims. They are at every bit as much risk—or more—as Christians and Jews because the first people they go after are Muslims that disagree with them. 
has to do is take the example that HARRY REIDgave when he set aside cloture with 51 Democratic votes, so they could get through a whole bunch of judges confirmed. 
could have judges get to the bench that might have been stopped otherwise, judges like Justice Ginsburg and Justice Kagan, who violated the law by not disqualifying themselves on the samesex marriage ruling. They performed samesex marriages. 
disqualify themselves because, by their actions and words, they made clear they thought it was constitutional. Their impartiality was beyond being reasonably questioned. They didn’t have any impartiality. 
time, got 51 Democrats to remove cloture as a problem for their confirmations, he probably did get some more judges confirmed. 
then that, as serious as that is—because, if the Senate does not treat the Iranian agreement as the treaty it is, then the President’s already saying he 
is going to treat it as being approved— ratified is what that means. 
the Iranian agreement as ratified, then when our dear friend in the Middle East, Israel, defends itself, then the United States, under Commander in Chief Barack Obama, will have to be at war with Israel for defending themselves against Iran continuing to move toward nuclear weapons. 
will happen, but it is possible that squeamish in Israel could win the day by saying—when we said ‘‘never again’’ all those years, we meant never again, except we are going to let Iran have nukes and let them nuke us once they have nuclear weapons. 
may be killed with nuclear weapons Iran has, other than that, we mean never again, but I don’t think that is what a majority of Israelis are going to accept. 
Prime Minister Netanyahu—I disagree with him on issues; that is what friends often do. I don’t believe when Prime Minister Netanyahu has said never again, he meant never again after the Iranians nuke Israeli cities. They are going to have to do something. 
majority, does not stand up and have a ratification vote on this treaty, the Iranian treaty, and in that vote, fail to get the twothirds to concur, as our Constitution requires, then President Obama is going to go forward as if it were ratified; and the consequences in the Middle East and to the United States will be absolutely devastating. 
Korea, they are not radical Islamists. The leaders in North Korea do not advocate or at least haven’t been advocating suicide bombers. They haven’t been advocating that, if you die blowing up lots of innocent people in Israel or the United States, you go to paradise. They don’t advocate that in North Korea. 
times worse than North Korea having nukes. This is something that would be written about in history books years from now. If the Republican majority in the Senate doesn’t stand up, it will be written that, when Iran got nuclear weapons—because the Republicans that were given the majority in the Senate, they were given the majority in the House, but they refused to use their majority to vote on ratification of what was clearly a treaty. 
move forward as if it had been ratified. Iran got nuclear weapons, and millions of people died, and it changed the course of Western civilization forever. 
for a dark age with nukes leading the way, and that will be on our heads. The blood from all those lost lives, all of the murders, all of the bombings, all of 
those that occur with the tens of billions of dollars that the Obama administration gives to Iran, all of those will not just be on President Obama’s head, they will be on all of our heads because America gave us the majority in the House and Senate, and we didn’t have the nerve to stop this horrendous, disastrous treaty with Iran. 
asked if the House just pass my resolution, which laid out this path for stopping this Iranian treaty, but it ended with the Senate calling a vote on ratification as a treaty the Iranian agreement is, and they fail to get two thirds, then it can’t be enforced in any United States court or any court anywhere around the world because our Constitution requires ratification, the Senate took the vote, and they did not ratify it. 
House and does that, I won’t run again. I know that will make a lot of people happy, especially those that I am making very angry tonight with what I have got to say. I know that there is a debate on, so probably most Republicans that are politically plugged in are watching the debate. 
I skipped some of the debate. I cannot avoid taking the opportunity, at least one more time, to beg our Republicans in the Senate to stop this disaster to Western civilization so this chapter never has to be written about the demise of Western civilization going back to when the Senate refused to use their power to stop a horrendous treaty that gave to the biggest supporter of terrorism all of the instrumentality, all of the money they needed to set Western civilization back 100 years. 
you I wasn’t going to take 30 minutes, but I had to take the time to beg the Senate: Use your majority; 51 votes is all it takes. 
normally sends things over that get on the executive calendar, and that is when you vote on things for the President. I get that. 
The President sent over this agreement. Now, he didn’t call it a treaty, but you should recognize it is a treaty. You have got one of two ways to bring it to the floor. One is you can say it is part of the executive calendar. 
He sent it over to us, and under our 
own procedure, we set that for a vote, but it is a treaty, so we are treating it as a treaty, and it is made through the executive calendar. I get that. You can do that in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, they could. 
Or the other way is just to say: Look, 
the Constitution does not require that the President send us a treaty and say, Here is a treaty, now ratify it, for us to take a vote on a treaty on whether or not to ratify it. 
Senate rules? It is 51 votes, and the Senate has that many votes that know 
Calendar because the President submitted, or suspend both the calendar rule and the cloture rule with 51 votes and then bring it to the floor of the Senate for a vote where you won’t get the twothirds needed to ratify it and we can all proclaim, ‘‘This Iranian treaty is dead.’’ Then we don’t risk defending Iran against our friend Israel in the beginning of a war that should never have to start. 
treaty is not war. As Michael Oren once said, the day Iran believes the United States is a credible threat to attack its nuclear facilities is the day they stop enriching uranium. And he is exactly right. I hope he doesn’t mind my saying that, but he was exactly right. 
to be. We don’t need it. But if this Iranian treaty is not stopped by the Senate, it is going to be a war that we don’t see coming—at least our leaders don’t—and millions die. It doesn’t have to happen. I hope and pray it won’t. I urge the Senate to do the right thing: Have a vote on ratification, stop the Iranian treaty, and then we can get a better deal. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 10 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 348, RESPONSIBLY AND PROFESSIONALLY INVIGORATING DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 758, LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2015 PROTECTION ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–261) on the resolution (H. Res. 420) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3134, DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3504, BORNALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–262) on the resolution (H. Res. 421) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of the passing of her mother, Ruth Ann Trousdale. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 720. An act to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
be addressed to Barbara J. Sapin, Executive Director of the Office of Compliance, Room LA200, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Washington, DC 20540; 2027249250. 
under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, as required by 2 U.S.C. § 1331, Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended (CAA). 
modifications to the existing legislative branch FMLA substantive regulations under section 202 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1302 et seq.), which applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the FMLA to covered employees. These modifications are necessary in order to bring existing legislative branch FMLA regulations (adopted April 16, 1996) in line with recent statutory changes to the FMLA, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. 
rights and protections established by sections 101 through 105 of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615) shall apply to covered employees. 
What does the FMLA provide? The FMLA entitles eligible employees of 
covered employers to take jobprotected, unpaid leave, or to substitute appropriate accrued paid leave, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in a 12month period: for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter and to care for the newborn child; for the placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care; to care for the employee’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition; when the employee is unable to work due to the employee’s own serious health condition; or for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty (‘‘qualifying exigency leave’’). An eligible employee may also take up to 26 workweeks of FMLA leave during a ‘‘single 12 month period’’ to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, when the employee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the servicemember. 
FMLA leave may be taken in a block, or 
the availability of FMLA leave to family members of the Regular Armed Forces for qualifying exigencies arising out of a servicemember’s deployment; define those deployments covered under these provisions; extend FMLA military caregiver leave for family members of current servicemembers to include an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty; and extend FMLA military caregiver leave to family members of certain veterans with serious injuries or illnesses. This NPRM also sets forth a proposed revision to the regulation defining ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule on the definition of spouse and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell, et al., 
June 26, 2015), which requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed outofstate. 
Why are these changes to the FMLA regulations necessary? 
The CAA requires that the FMLA regulations applicable to the legislative branch and promulgated by the OOC, be the same as substantive regulations issued by the Secretary of Labor, unless good cause is shown for deviation therefrom. On March 8, 2013, the DOL issued its Final Rule implementing its amended FMLA regulations (77 FR 8962), which provide for military caregiver leave for a veteran, qualifying exigency leave for parental care, and special leave calculations 
for flight crew employees. The OOC Board is required pursuant to the CAA to amend its regulations to achieve parity unless there is good cause shown to deviate from the DOL’s regulations. 
1Therefore, as there is no provision in the CAA that states that the CAA will be considered amended whenever the FMLA is amended, these proposed amendments to the regulations are necessary to resolve any ambiguity regarding the applicability of the 2008 and 2010 FMLA amendments to the legislative branch by ensuring that protections under the CAA are in line with existing public and private sector protections under the FMLA.
while these regulations may technically require employing offices to do more than what section 202 of the CAA currently requires, the Board recommends that Congress use its rulemaking authority to clarify that the rights and protections for legislative branch servicemembers and their families have been expanded in a manner consistent 
2008 amends the FMLA to provide leave to eligible employees of covered employers to care for injured servicemembers and for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a covered family member is on active duty or has been notified of an impending call to active duty status in support of a contingency operation (collectively referred to herein as ‘‘military family leave’’). The provisions of this amendment providing FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember became effective on January 28, 2008, when the law was enacted. The provisions of this amendment providing for FMLA leave due to a qualifying exigency arising out of a covered family member’s active duty (or call to active duty) status were effective on January 16, 2009. 
What is the effect of amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’? Amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ 
brings the regulations in line with the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell 
Final Rule for 29 CFR 825 in the Federal Register, Vol. 80, No. 37, 9989. This Final Rule changed the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in United States v. Windsor , 
which found section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) to be unconstitutional. The DOL’s Final Rule amends the definition of spouse so that eligible employees in legal samesex marriages will be able to take FMLA leave to care for their spouse or family member, regardless of where they live. 
Hodges , which requires a state to license a 
marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed outof state. 
To date, the DOL has not indicated whether it plans to further amend the definition of spouse in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell et al. v. Hodges . 
Therefore, the Board invites comment regarding whether the Board should adopt the DOL’s current definition of spouse or revise the definition of spouse as the Board has proposed in sections 825.102 and 825.122. 
sections 825.120, 825.121, 825.122, 825.127, 825.201 and 825.202 to make gender neutral references to husbands and wives, and mothers and fathers where appropriate so that they apply equally to oppositesex and samesex spouses. The OOC proposes using the terms ‘‘spouses’’ and ‘‘parents,’’ as appropriate, in these regulations. These editorial changes do not change the availability of FMLA leave but simply clarify its availability for all eligible employees who are legally married. 
U.S.C. §1384, the procedure for proposing and approving substantive regulations provides that: 
days after the date of publication of the general notice of proposed rulemaking; 
Board of Directors, the Board adopts regulations and transmits notice of such action (together with the regulations and a recommendation regarding the method for Congressional approval of the regulations) to the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate for publication in the Congressional Record; 
on the proposed regulations by resolution in each House, concurrent resolution, or by joint resolution; and 
What is the approach taken by these proposed substantive regulations? 
outline above, and make any changes necessary to ensure that the regulations fully implement section 210 of the CAA and reflect the practices and policies particular to the legislative branch. 
proposed regulations for the House of Representatives, the Senate and other employing offices? 
Are these proposed regulations also recommended by the Office of Compliance’s Executive Director, the Deputy Executive Director for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives? 
available to persons with disabilities in an alternate format? 
How long do I have to submit comments regarding the proposed regulations? 
How do I submit comments? Comments must be made in writing to the 
Executive Director, Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Room LA–200, Washington, D.C. 20540–1999. Those wishing to receive confirmation of the receipt of their comments are requested to provide a selfaddressed, stamped post card with their submission. It is requested, but not required, that an electronic version of any comments be provided either on an accompanying computer disk or emailed to the OOC via its web site. Comments may also be submitted by facsimile to the Executive Director at 202– 426–1913 (a nontollfree number). 
available for review on the OOC’s web site at www.compliance.gov, and at the Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Washington, D.C. 20540–1999, on Monday through Friday (nonfederal holidays) between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. 
1995 (CAA), PL 104–1, was enacted into law on January 23, 1995. The CAA, as amended, applies the rights and protections of thirteen federal labor and employment statutes to covered employees and employing offices within the legislative branch of the federal government. Section 202 of the CAA applies to employees covered by the CAA, the rights and protections established by sections 101 
Act of 1993 (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615. The above provisions of section 202 became effective on January 1, 1997. 2 U.S.C. §1312. 
Compliance (OOC) is now publishing proposed amended regulations to implement section 202 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §§1301–1438, as applied to covered employees of the House of Representatives, the Senate, and certain Congressional instrumentalities listed below. 
is to implement section 202 of the CAA. In this Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM or Notice) the Board proposes that virtually identical regulations be adopted for the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the six Congressional instrumentalities. Accordingly: 
regulations as described in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the Senate, and this proposal regarding the Senate entities is recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the Senate. 
proposed that the amended regulations as described in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the House of Representatives, and this proposal regarding the House of Representatives entities is recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives. 
is further proposed that the amended regulations as described in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, the Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol (including the Botanic Garden), the Office of the Attending Physician, and the Office of Compliance; and this proposal regarding these six Congressional instrumentalities is recommended by the OOC’s Executive Director. 
after the date of publication of this Notice in the Congressional Record. 
The following is a sectionbysection discussion of the proposed revisions. Where a change is proposed to a regulatory section, that section is discussed below. However, as the DOL has significantly reorganized its FMLA regulations, which the OOC’s proposed regulations mirror, many of the sections are moved into other areas of the subpart. The OOC as a result will use the proposed section and numbers to provide explanation and analysis of changes. In addition, even if a section is not discussed, there may be minor editorial changes or corrections that do not warrant discussion. The titles to each section of the existing regulations are in the form of a question. The proposal would reword each question into the more common format of a descriptive title, and the OOC invites comments on whether this change is helpful. In addition, several sections have been restructured and reorganized to improve the accessibility of the information ( e.g., guidance on leave for pregnancy 
and birth of a child is addressed in one consolidated section; an employing office’s notice obligations are combined in one section). 
Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
finds good cause to depart from the DOL regulations with respect to some of the definitions. For example, the term ‘‘Act’’ as defined in the DOL regulations and referring to the FMLA can be confused with the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA). Accordingly, the definition of ‘‘Act’’ is excluded from the Board’s proposed regulations. In addition, to avoid any confusion, the definition for ‘‘Administrator’’ in the DOL regulations has been deleted. Similarly, as there is no airline flight crew covered under the CAA, the definition of ‘‘airline flight crew employee’’ has been deleted in the Board’s proposed regulations as have all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee.’’ 
and industry or activity affecting commerce’’ and ‘‘applicable monthly guarantee’’ involve concepts that do not apply to employing offices covered by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude these definitions from the proposed regulations. 
provider,’’ to avoid confusion, the Board is substituting ‘‘the Secretary’’ with ‘‘the Department of Labor.’’ Thus, the OOC FMLA regulations include in the definition of ‘‘health care provider’’ as ‘‘any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be 
employing offices covered by the CAA, the Board has also found good cause to exclude from the proposed OOC regulations the DOL definitions of ‘‘person’’ and ‘‘public agency.’’ 
mental disability,’’ the Board has replaced the language from the DOL regulations indicating that 29 CFR part 1630 defines these 
terms with language that states that regulations at 29 CFR part 1630 issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq ., as amended, provide 
The Board is proposing to adopt the following definition of ‘‘spouse’’: 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
its definitions language relating to Professional Employer Organizations (PEOs) as joint employers. As the DOL has noted, PEOs contract with private small businesses to provide services that large businesses can afford, but small businesses cannot, such as compliance with government standards, employer liability management, retirement benefits, and other employment benefits. Congress already provides these services for its employees. 
and will remain reserved in the OOC’s regulations. However, the Board invites comment with respect to whether the DOL section 825.107, Successor in interest coverage, should be adopted for the legislative branch. 
this section the following language from the DOL regulations, which is not applicable to the CAA: 
more employees are employed by the employer within 75 miles of that worksite. ( See 
Similarly, the Board sees good cause to exclude from the OOC regulations the following paragraph: 
within 75 miles to ascertain an employee’s eligibility for FMLA benefits is determined when the employee gives notice of the need for leave. Whether the leave is to be taken at one time or on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, once an employee is determined eligible in response to that notice of the need for leave, the employee’s eligibility is not affected by any subsequent change in the number of employees employed at or within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite, for that specific notice of the need for leave. Similarly, an employer may not terminate employee leave that has already started if the employeecount drops below 50. For example, if an employer employs 60 employees in August, but expects that the number of employees will drop to 40 in December, the employer must grant FMLA benefits to an otherwise eligible employee who gives notice of the need for leave in August.’’ 
Section 825.111 Determining whether 50 employees are employed within 75 miles. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
state law in this section and other sections throughout the DOL’s regulations have not been adopted by the Board because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. 
throughout the DOL regulations, any references to spouses who are employed at two different worksites of an employer located more than 75 miles from each other have not been adopted by the Board because such scenarios are not applicable to the legislative branch. 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
Although the DOL amended its FMLA regulations to add computer employees to the 
list of exempt employees who do not lose their FLSA exempt status despite being provided unpaid FMLA leave, the Board finds good cause not to include ‘‘computer employees’’ to the list of employees who may 
minimum wage requirements of the FLSA. In light of the fact that the Board’s September 29, 2004 Proposed Regulations implementing exemptions from the overtime pay requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) were never enacted into law and the existing OOC FLSA Regulations do not include exemptions for computer employees, the OOC’s FMLA regulations should not include these employees in this section. The Board specifically seeks comments to this departure from the DOL regulations. 
other sections throughout the DOL regulations which place limitations on an employee who works for an employing office with fewer than 50 employees have not been adopted by the Board because such limitations do not apply to the legislative branch. See 825.111. 
under what circumstances, employing offices currently allow or require that paid compensatory time be used for a FMLA reason and be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement, the Board proposes that the comparable OOC FMLA regulation read as follows: 
Under the FLSA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compensatory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee requests and is permitted to use accrued compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
parties as to whether such a provision is appropriate for the legislative branch. 
be a typographical error in the DOL regulations and cross references this section with section 825.102 and not section 825.800 when referring to the definition of ‘‘group health plan.’’ 
in this section and other sections to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) have not been adopted by the Board because ERISA does not apply to the legislative branch. 
The Board proposes that the OOC regulations contain the following language and requests comments from interested parties, especially with respect to caucus or committee employees: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a project for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the same employee was assigned to work at another employing office on the 
same project, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office.’’ 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
find no authority that would require employing offices covered under the CAA to provide notice postings of employees’ FMLA rights in the workplace. See November 28, 1995 OOC 
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking S17628. As to the remainder of the paragraphs in this section, the Board finds no reason to depart from the amendments adopted by the DOL. 
Further, the proposed OOC regulations require employing offices to include in the eligibility notice an explanation of conditions applicable to the use of paid leave that runs concurrently with unpaid FMLA. While this requirement is in the current regulations, it is expanded to require that employing offices also notify employees of their continuing entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if they do not comply with an employing office’s required conditions for use of paid leave. 
In this section, employing offices are required to notify employees of the method used for establishing the 12month period for 
FMLA entitlement, or, in the case of military caregiver leave, the start date of the ‘‘single 12month period.’’ 
Employing offices are not, however, required to provide the certification form with the notice of rights and responsibilities. Notice of any changes in the rights and responsibilities notice must be provided within five business days of the first notice of an employee’s need for leave subsequent to any change. Electronic distribution of the notice of rights and responsibilities is allowed, so long as the employing office can demonstrate that the employee (who may already be on leave and who may not have access to employing officeprovided computers) has access to the information electronically. 
the employee of the number of hours that would be designated as FMLA leave, only upon employee request and no more often than every 30 days if FMLA leave was taken during that period. To the extent it is not possible to provide such information (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), the employing office is required to provide such information to the employee every 30 days if the employee took leave during the 30day period. The employing office is permitted to notify the employee of the hours counted against the FMLA leave entitlement orally and follow up with written notification on a pay stub at the next payday (unless the next payday is in less than one week, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). If the employing office requires that paid leave be substituted for unpaid leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time the leave is designated as FMLA leave. 
in writing, it may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub, and if the leave is not designated as FMLA leave, the notice to the employee may be in the form of a simple written statement. Employing offices can provide an employee with both the eligibility and designation notice at the same time in cases where the employing office has adequate information to designate leave as FMLA leave when an employee requests the leave. 
notice of any requirement for a fitnessfor duty certification, including whether the fitnessforduty certification must address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position and, if so, to provide a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position with the designation notice. If the employee handbook or other written documents clearly provides that a fitnessforduty certificate will be required, written notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided. Finally, the employing office is required to 
notify the employee if the information provided in the designation notice changes. For example, if an employee exhausts his or her FMLA leave entitlement and the leave will no longer be designated as FMLA leave, the employing office must provide the employee with written notice of this change consistent with this section. 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.301 addresses an employing office’s obligations regarding timely designation of leave as FMLAqualifying and reiterates the requirement to notify the employee of the designation within five business days. Among other things, this section requires that the employing office’s designation decision be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s representative and also provides that, if the employing office does not have sufficient information about the employee’s reason for leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or of the employee’s spokesperson. 
Section 825.302 Employee notice requirements for foreseeable FMLA leave. 
amendments with respect to this section. In general, Section 825.302 addresses an employee’s obligation to provide notice of the need for foreseeable FMLA leave. This includes requiring an employee to give at least 30 days notice when the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance or ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ if leave is foreseeable but 30 days notice is not practicable. In such cases, employees must respond to requests from employing offices to explain why it was not possible to give 30 days notice. Further, the language in this section defines ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ to be ‘‘as soon as both possible and practical, taking into account all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case.’’ This is a change from defining ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ as ‘‘ordinarily within one or two business days.’’ 
the first time for a FMLAqualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA but must provide: sufficient information that indicates that a condition renders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job, or if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family member unable to perform daily activities; the anticipated duration of the absence; and whether the employee or the employee’s family member intends to visit a health care provider or has a condition for which the employee or the employee’s family member is 
under the continuing care of a health care provider. The regulations set forth the types of information that an employee may have to provide in order to put an employing office on notice of the employee’s need for FMLAprotected leave. Rather than establish a list of information that must be provided in all cases, the regulations provide additional guidance to employees so that they would know what information to provide to their employing offices. The nature of the information necessary to put the employing office on notice of the need for FMLA leave will vary depending on the circumstances. 
certified FMLA leave must inform the employing office that the leave is for a condition, covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency that was previously certified or for which the employee has previously taken FMLA leave. 
the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements for calling in absences and requesting leave, under the new regulations, language stating that an employing office cannot delay or deny FMLA leave if an employee fails to follow such procedures has been deleted. However, employing offices may need to inquire further to determine for which reason the leave is being taken, and employees will be required to respond to such inquiries. 
that the requirement that an employee and employing office attempt to work out a schedule without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations applies only to military caregiver leave. It does not apply to qualifying exigency leave. 
Section 825.303 Employee notice requirements for unforeseeable FMLA leave 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.303 addresses an employee’s obligation to provide notice when the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable. Section 825.303 retains the current standard that employees must provide notice of their need for unforeseeable leave ‘‘as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the particular case,’’ but instead of expecting employees to give notice ‘‘within no more than one or two working days of learning of the need for leave,’’ in ‘‘unusual circumstances,’’ notice should be provided within the time prescribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applicable to such leave. Section 825.303 also retains the current standard that employees need not assert their rights under the FMLA or even mention the FMLA to put employing offices on notice of the need for unforeseeable FMLA leave, but adds the same language used in proposed section 825.302 clarifying what information must be provided in order to give sufficient notice to the employing office of the need for FMLA leave. New regulations in section 825.303 add that the employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether leave is FMLAqualifying, explaining that calling in ‘‘sick,’’ without providing additional information, will not be sufficient notice. 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.304 follows the DOL’s reorganization of the rules that are applicable to leave foreseeable at least 30 days in advance, leave foreseeable less than 30 days in advance, and unforeseeable leave. This section retains language that FMLA leave cannot be delayed due to lack of required employee notice if 
amendments with respect to this section. Under the FMLA, as applied under the CAA, employing offices are permitted to require 
that employees provide a certification from their health care provider (or their family member’s health care provider, as appropriate) to support the need for leave due to a serious health condition. Section 825.305 sets forth the general rules governing employing office requests for medical certification to substantiate an employee’s need for FMLA leave due to a serious health condition. Military family leave provisions have been added to permit employing offices to require employees to provide a certification in the case of leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Section 825.305 applies generally to all types of certification. In most cases, for example, former references to ‘‘medical certification’’ have been changed to ‘‘certification.’’ 
should request that an employee furnish certification from a health care provider at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days thereafter, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. This time frame has been increased from two to five business days after notice of the need for FMLA leave is provided. Further, the employing office may request certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its duration. This section also adds a 15day time period for providing a requested certification to all cases. 
certifications have been added in this section, as well as a procedure for curing an incomplete or insufficient certification. This procedure requires that an employing office notify the employee in writing as to what additional information is necessary for the medical certification and provides seven calendar days in which the employee must provide the additional information. If an employee fails to submit a complete and sufficient certification, despite the opportunity to cure the deficiency, the employing office may deny the request for FMLA leave. 
Section 825.305 also deletes an earlier provision that if a less stringent medical certification standard applies under the employing office’s sick leave plan, only that lesser standard may be required when the employee substitutes any form of paid leave for FMLA leave and replaces it with a provision allowing employing offices to require a new certification on an annual basis for conditions lasting beyond a single leave year. 
Section 825.306 Content of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.306 addresses the information an employing office can require in the medical certification to substantiate the existence of a serious health condition (of the employee or a family member) and the employee’s need for leave due to the condition, and adds: the health care provider’s specialization; guidance as to what may constitute appropriate medical facts, including that a health care provider may provide a diagnosis; and whether intermittent or reduced schedule leave is medically necessary. Section 825.306 clarifies that where a serious health condition may also be a disability, employing offices are not prevented from following the procedures under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as applied under the CAA, for requesting medical information. Section 825.306 also contains new language that employing offices may not require employees to sign a release of their medical information as a condition of taking FMLA leave. 
family leave provisions. The Board’s proposed regulations have revised the current optional certification form into two separate 
optional forms, one for the employee’s own serious health condition and one for the serious health condition of a covered family member. 
Section 825.307 Authentication and clarification of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
amendments covered under this section. Section 825.307 addresses the employing office’s ability to clarify or authenticate a complete and sufficient FMLA certification. Section 825.307 defines the terms ‘‘authentication’’ and ‘‘clarification.’’ ‘‘Authentication’’ involves providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and requesting verification that the information on the form was completed and/or authorized by the provider. The regulations add that no additional medical information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not required. In contrast, ‘‘clarification’’ involves contacting the employee’s health care provider in order to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. As is the case with authentication, no additional information beyond that included in the certification form may be requested. Any contact with the employee’s health care provider must comply with the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule. 
It is no longer necessary that the employing office utilize a health care provider to make the contact with the employee’s health care provider, but the regulations do clarify who may contact the employee’s health care provider and ensure that the employee’s direct supervisor is not the point of contact. Employee consent to the contact is no longer required. However, before the employing office contacts the employee’s health care provider for clarification or authentication of the FMLA certification, the employee must first be given an opportunity to cure any deficiencies in the certification. Section 825.307 also provides requirements for an employing office’s request for a second opinion, and adds language requiring the employee or the employee’s family member to authorize his or her health care provider to release relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if such information is requested by the second opinion health care provider. Section 825.307 also increases the number of days the employing office has to provide an employee with a requested copy of a second or third opinion from two to five business days. This section of the regulations does not apply to the military family leave provisions. 
taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
amendments covered in this section. Section 825.308 of the regulations addresses the employing office’s ability to seek recertification of an employee’s medical condition. This section has been reorganized to clarify 
how often employing offices may seek recertification in situations where the minimum duration of the condition, as opposed to the duration of the period of incapacity, exceeds 30 days. Thus, an employing office may request recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless the medical certification indicates that the minimum duration of the condition is more than 30 days, then an employing office must wait until that minimum duration expires before requesting a recertification. In all cases, an employing office may request a recertification of a medical condition every six months in connection with an absence by the employee. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if, among other things, the employee requests an extension of leave or circumstances described by the previous certification change significantly. This section clarifies that an employing office may request the same information on recertification as required for the initial certification and the employee has the same obligation to cooperate in providing recertification as he or she does in providing the initial certification. 
regulations under this section. Under the military family leave provisions of the DOL regulations, an employing office may require that leave taken because of a qualifying exigency be supported by a certification and require that the employee provide a copy of the covered military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered military member is on active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency operation, as well as the dates of the covered military member’s active duty service. While a form requesting this basic information may be used by the employing office, no information may be required beyond that specified in this section and in all instances the information on the form must relate only to the qualifying exigency for which the current need for leave exists. Section 825.309 also establishes the verification process for certifications. 
This section also provides that the information required in a certification need only be provided to the employing office the first time an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency arising out of a particular active duty or call to active duty of a covered military member. While additional information may be needed to provide certification for subsequent requests for exigency leave, an employee is only required to give a copy of the active duty orders to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military only needs to be provided to the employing office if the need for leave because of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different active duty or call to active duty order of the same or a different covered military member. See DOL (Form WH–384) and 
An employing office may contact an appropriate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a covered military member has been called to active duty status (or notified of an impending call to active duty status) in support of a contingency operation. Again, no additional information may be requested by the employing office and the employee’s permission is not required. This verification process will protect employees from unnecessary intrusion while still providing a useful tool for employing offices to verify the certification information given to them. 
to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
Additionally, section 825.310 of the proposed OOC regulations provides that an employing office requiring an employee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must accept as sufficient certification ‘‘invitational travel orders’’ (ITOs) or ‘‘invitational travel authorizations’’ (ITAs) issued by the DOD for a family member to join an injured or ill servicemember at his or her bedside. If an employee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the expiration date specified in an ITO or an ITA, the regulations provide that an employing office may request further certification from the employee. Lastly this section provides that in all instances in which certification is requested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with complete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. 
The regulations also permit an eligible employee who is a spouse, parent, son, daughter or next of kin of a covered servicemember to submit an ITO or ITA issued to another family member as sufficient certification for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA, even if the employee seeking leave is not the named recipient on the ITO or ITA. The regulations further permit an employing office to authenticate and clarify medical certifications submitted to support a request for leave to care for a covered servicemember using the procedures applicable to FMLA leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition. However, unlike the recertification, second and third opinion processes used for other types of FMLA leave, recertification, second and third opinions are not warranted for purposes of military caregiver leave when the certification has been completed by a DOD health care provider, a VA health care provider, a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider, or a DOD non network TRICARE authorized private health care provider, but are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider who is not affiliated with the DOD, VA, or TRICARE. 
caregiver leave must provide the requested certification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amendments covered in the DOL’s regulations under this section. Section 825.312 addresses the fitness forduty certification that an employee may be required to submit upon return to work from FMLA leave. This section clarifies that employees have the same obligation to provide a complete certification or provide sufficient authorization to the health care provider in order for that person to provide the information directly to the employing office in the fitnessforduty certification process as they do in the initial certification process. The employing office may require that the fitnessforduty certification address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s job, as long as the employing office provides the employee with a list of those essential job functions no later than the employing office provides the designation notice. The designation notice must indicate that the certification address the employee’s ability to perform those essential functions. An employing office may contact the employee’s 
Section 825.312 also requires that the employing office uniformly apply its policies permitting fitnessforduty certifications to intermittent and reduced schedule leave users when reasonable safety concerns are present, but limits the frequency of such certifications to once in a 30day period in which intermittent or reduced schedule leave was taken. ‘‘Reasonable safety concerns’’ means a reasonable belief of a significant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. This is meant to be a high standard. Thus, the determination that there are reasonable safety concerns must rely on objective factual evidence, not subjective perceptions. Employing offices cannot, under this section, require such certifications in all intermittent or reduced leave schedule situations, but only where reasonable safety concerns are present. There is no fitnessforduty certification form, nor is there any specific format such a certification must follow as long as it contains the required information. An employing office is allowed to require that the fitnessforduty certification address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of his or her position. However, the employing office can choose to accept a simple statement in place of the fitnessforduty certification (or not require a fitnessfor duty certification at all). 
There is no second and third opinion process for a fitnessforduty certification. A fitnessforduty certification need only address the condition for which FMLA leave was taken and the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the job. The employee’s health care provider determines whether a separate examination is required in order to determine the employee’s fitness to return to duty under the FMLA. A medical examination at the employing office’s expense may be required only after the employee has returned from FMLA leave and must be jobrelated and consistent with business necessity as required by the ADA. The employing office cannot delay the employee’s return to work while arranging for and having the employee undergo a medical examination. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amendments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.313 explains the consequences for an employee who fails to provide medical certification in a timely manner. An employing office may ‘‘deny’’ FMLA leave until the required certification is provided. This section also addresses the consequences of failing to provide timely recertification. Section 825.313 also clarifies that recertification does not apply to leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a covered servicemember. 
calendar days to provide the requested certification, and are entitled to additional 
deadline despite their diligent, goodfaith efforts. An employee’s certification (or recertification) is not untimely until that period has passed. Employing offices may deny FMLA protection when an employee fails to provide a timely certification or recertification, but it does not require employing offices to do so. Employing offices always have the option of accepting an untimely certification and not denying FMLA protection to any absences that occurred during the period in which the certification was delayed. 
DOL section 825.400 because the enforcement of FMLA violations is different in the legislative branch as opposed to the workforces regulated by the DOL. The OOC section 825.400 remains the same. 
with the Federal Government; Violations of the posting requirement; Appealing the assessment of a penalty for willful violation of the posting requirement; Consequences for an employer when not paying the penalty assessment after a final order is issued. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
school employees, definitions; Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave; Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term; Special rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave; Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
Office Practices, and Collective Bargaining Agreements on Employee Rights Under FMLA 
CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amendments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.702 addresses the interaction between the FMLA and other Federal and State antidiscrimination laws. Section 825.702 discusses the interaction between the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) and the FMLA. Under USERRA, a returning servicemember would be entitled to FMLA leave if, after including the hours that he or she would have worked for the civilian employing office during the period of military service, the employee would have met the FMLA eligibility threshold. This is not an expansion of FMLA rights through regulation; this is a requirement of USERRA. 
FMLA and ADA, where both laws may apply, the applicability of each statute needs to be evaluated independently. 
receive Federal financial assistance and employers who contract with the Federal government in this section has not been adopted by the Board because federal contractor employers are not covered by the CAA. 
the following optionaluse forms and notices from the Appendix of the regulations, but continued to make them available to the public on the WHD Web site: Forms WH–380– E (Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition); WH– 380–F (Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition); WH–381 (Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities); WH–382 (Designation Notice); WH–384 (Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave); WH–385 (Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Current Servicemember for Military Family Leave); and WH–385–V (Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave). The Board proposes to revise its forms and to make the following OOC forms available on its website: Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights and Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Military Family Leave; and Form G: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave. The Board’s proposed forms now include references to the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, which is made applicable to employees covered under the CAA. The Board invites comment on whether these forms should be included in the regulations, or whether covered employees and employing offices should be directed to the DOL website for the appropriate forms. In any event, the use of a specific set of forms is optional and other forms requiring the same information may be used instead. In proposing these revised forms, the Board recognizes that the use of specific forms play a key role in employing offices’ compliance with the FMLA and employees’ ability to take FMLA protected leave when needed. 
COMPLIANCE EXTENDING RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL  
825.1 Purpose and Scope. Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 Counting employees for determining 
825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107 Successor in interest coverage. 825.108–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general 
825.113 Serious health condition. 825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemember, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adoption, foster care, son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exigency. 
825.127 Leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alternative position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 
825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health 
825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to 
825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic 
825.219 Rights of a key employee. 825.220 Protection for employees who request 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for 
825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitnessforduty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
limitations on intermittent leave. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
Subpart G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA 
Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; 
Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; 
Board has made certain technical and nomenclature changes to the regulations as promulgated by the Secretary. Such changes are intended to make the provisions adopted accord more naturally to situations in the legislative branch. However, by making these changes, the Board does not intend a substantive difference between these regulations and those of the Secretary from which they are derived. Moreover, such changes, in and of themselves, are not intended to constitute an interpretation of the regulation or of the statutory provisions of the CAA upon which they are based. 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
1993 (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), allows eligible employees of an employing office to take jobprotected, unpaid leave, or to substitute appropriate paid leave if the employee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in any 12 months ( see 
while on leave as if the employee had continued to work instead of taking the leave. If an employee was paying all or part of the premium payments prior to leave, the employee would continue to pay his or her share during the leave period. The employing office or a disbursing or other financial office of the 
House of Representatives or [italicized language is in only the House and Instrumentalities versions of the regulations] the Senate may recover its share only if the employee does not return to work for a reason other than the serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or another reason beyond the employee’s control. 
return to the same position or an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits, and working conditions at the conclusion of the leave. The taking of FMLA leave cannot result in the loss of any benefit that accrued prior to the start of the leave. 
right to advance notice from the employee. In addition, the employing office may require an employee to submit certification to substantiate that the leave is due to the serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, due to the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or because of a qualifying exigency. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in a delay in the start of FMLA leave. Pursuant to a uniformly applied policy, the employing office may also require that an employee present a certification of fitness to return to work when the absence was caused by the employee’s serious health condition ( see 825.312 and 825.313)). 
the employee to employment without such certificate relating to the health condition which caused the employee’s absence. 
to balance their work and family life by taking reasonable unpaid leave for medical reasons, for the birth or adoption of a child, for the care of a child, spouse, or parent who has a serious health condition, for the care of a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, or because of a qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. The FMLA is intended to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families, to promote the stability and economic security of families, and to promote national interests in preserving family integrity. It was intended that the FMLA accomplish these purposes in a manner that accommodates the legitimate interests of employing offices, and in a manner consistent with the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment in minimizing the potential for employment discrimination on the basis of sex, while promoting equal employment opportunity for men and women. 
ADA means the Americans With Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended). 
CAA means the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (Pub. Law 104–1, 109 Stat. 3, 2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq., as amended). 
requirements of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (Pub. Law 99–272, title X, section 10002; 100 Stat. 227; 29 U.S.C. 1161–1168). 
Continuing treatment by a health care provider means any one of the following: 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless extenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct supervision of a health care provider, or by a provider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
at least one occasion, which results in a regimen of continuing treatment under the supervision of the health care provider. 
(ii) of this definition for treatment by a health care provider means an inperson visit to a health care provider. The first inperson treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of incapacity. 
a regimen of continuing treatment is necessary within the 30day period shall be determined by the health care provider. 
incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. See also 825.120. 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct supervision of a health care provider; 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
(iii) May cause episodic rather than a continuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, etc.). 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), kidney disease (dialysis). 
Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury or illness, or 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. 
was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any 
time during the fiveyear period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 
the fulfillment of the employee’s Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq. , 
covered service obligation (the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service must be also counted in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office, but this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA, as made applicable by the CAA); or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a collective bargaining agreement, exists concerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in service ( e.g., for purposes of the employee furthering his or her education or for childrearing purposes); and 
leave is to commence, has met the hours of service requirement by having been employed for at least 1,250 hours of service with an employing office during the previous 12 month period, except that : 
his or her USERRAcovered service obligation shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service in determining whether the employee met the hours of service requirement (accordingly, a person reemployed following absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12month period to meet the hours of service requirement); and 
have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service, the employee’s preservice work schedule can generally be used for calculations. 
the CAA and includes an applicant for employment and a former employee. 
Employee employed in an instructional capacity. See the definition of Teacher in this section. 
Employee of the Office of the Architect of the 
the Architect of the Capitol or the Botanic Garden. 
employee above. Employing Office, as defined in the CAA, 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, discharge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Senate; or 
Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (February 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. 2601 et 
Group health plan means the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and any other plan of, or contributed to by, an employing office (including a selfinsured plan) to provide health care (directly or otherwise) to the employing office’s employees, former employees, or the families of such employees or former employees. For purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the term group health plan shall not include an insurance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
(as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
Department of Labor to be capable of providing health care services. 
and clinical social workers and physician assistants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; and 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care provider other than a Christian Science practitioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement. 
an employing office or a group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in accordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
the State’’ as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 
Incapable of selfcare means that the individual requires active assistance or supervision to provide daily selfcare in several of the ‘‘activities of daily living’’ (ADLs) or ‘‘instrumental activities of daily living’’ (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appropriately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transportation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. 
Intermittent leave means leave taken in separate periods of time due to a single illness or injury, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of periods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would include leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken several days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. 
Invitational travel authorization (ITA) or Invitational travel order (ITO) mean orders 
Key employee means a salaried FMLAeligible employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. See also 825.217. 
Mental disability: See the definition of Physical or mental disability in this section. 
to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. See also 
the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember 
brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See also 
office established in the legislative branch under section 301 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1381). 
or foster father or mother or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined below. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
covered servicemember’s biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See also 
Physical or mental disability means a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more of the major life activities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. , as amended, provide guidance to these terms. 
Reduced leave schedule means a leave schedule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday, of an employee. 
purposes of qualifying exigency leave, include the Army National Guard of the 
injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. Conditions for which cosmetic treatments are administered (such as most treatments for acne or plastic surgery) are not serious health conditions unless inpatient hospital care is required or unless complications develop. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other conditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of 825.113 are met. 
Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces and that may render the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating; and 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. See also 
Son or daughter means a biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of selfcare because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
Son or daughter on covered active duty or call 
to covered active duty status means the employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. See also 
Spouse , as defined in the FMLA and as 
made applicable by the CAA, means a husband or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an individual in a samesex marriage. This definition also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
or the District of Columbia or any Territory or possession of the United States. 
Teacher (or employee employed in an instructional capacity, or instructional employee ) 
means an employee employed principally in an instructional capacity by an educational 
agency or school whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting, and includes athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. The term does not include teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal function actual teaching or instructing, nor auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psychologists, curriculum specialists, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers, or other primarily noninstructional employees. 
TRICARE is the health care program serving active duty servicemembers, National Guard and Reserve members, retirees, their families, survivors, and certain former spouses worldwide. 
CAA, covers all employing offices. As used in the CAA, the term employing office means: 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, discharge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Senate; or 
parts of a single employing office for purposes of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, if they meet the ‘‘integrated employer’’ test. Where this test is met, the employees of all entities making up the integrated employer will be counted in determining employer coverage and employee eligibility. A determination of whether or not separate entities are an integrated employer is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be reviewed in its totality. Factors considered in determining whether two or more entities are an integrated employer include: 
exercise some control over the work or working conditions of the employee, the employing offices may be joint employers under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Where the employee performs work which simultaneously benefits two or more employing offices, or works for two or more employing offices at different times during the workweek, a joint employment relationship generally will be considered to exist in situations such as: 
employing offices to share an employee’s services or to interchange employees; 
completely disassociated with respect to the employee’s employment and may be deemed 
indirectly, because one employing office controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the other employing office. 
joint employment relationship exists is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be viewed in its totality. For example, joint employment will ordinarily be found to exist when: 
employing office other than the personal office of a Member of the House of Representatives or of a Senator, is under the actual direction and control of the Member of the House of Representatives or Senator; or 
an individual to work on common issues or other matters for both or all of them. 
hours of service during the 12month period immediately preceding the commencement of the leave. 
been employed by any employing office need not be consecutive months, provided : 
in service of more than seven years must be counted in determining whether the employee has been employed by the employing office for at least 12 months where: 
absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service must be also counted in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by the employing office. However, this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA; or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a collective bargaining agreement, exists concerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in service ( e.g., for purposes of the employee furthering his or her education or for childrearing purposes). 
employing offices sequentially, the time worked will be aggregated to determine whether it equals 12 months. 
payroll for any part of a week, including any periods of paid or unpaid leave (sick, vacation) during which other benefits or compensation are provided by the employing office ( e.g., Federal Employees’ Compensation, 
counts as a week of employment. For purposes of determining whether intermittent/ occasional/casual employment qualifies as at least 12 months, 52 weeks is deemed to be equal to 12 months. 
or more employing offices, either sequentially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the minimum of 1,250 hours has been reached. 
this section, whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to the principles established under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as applied by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), for determining compensable hours of work. The determining factor is the number of hours an employee has worked for one or more employing offices. The determination is not limited by methods of recordkeeping, or by compensation agreements that do not accurately reflect all of the hours an employee has worked for or been in service to the employing office. Any accurate accounting of actual hours worked under the FLSA’s principles may be used. 
covered service shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service in determining the employee’s eligibility for FMLAqualifying leave. Accordingly, a person reemployed following USERRAcovered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12month period to meet the hours of service requirement. In order to determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRAcovered service, the employee’s preservice work schedule can generally be used for calculations. 
not maintain an accurate record of hours worked by an employee, including for employees who are exempt from FLSA’s requirement that a record be kept of their hours worked ( e.g., bona fide executive, administrative, and professional employees as defined in the FLSA Regulations, 29 CFR part 541, and as made applicable by the CAA, the employing office has the burden of showing that the employee has not worked the requisite hours. An employing office must be able to clearly demonstrate, for example, that fulltime teachers ( see 825.102 for definition) of an elementary or secondary school system, or institution of higher education, or other educational establishment or institution (who often work outside the classroom or at their homes) did not work 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months in order to claim that the teachers are not eligible for FMLA leave. 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care (see 825.121); 
daughter, or parent with a serious health condition ( see 825.113 and 825.122); and 
that makes the employee unable to perform the functions of the employee’s job ( see 
with a serious injury or illness if the employee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the covered servicemember (see 825.122 and 825.127). 
leave under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, applies equally to male and female employees. A father, as well as a mother, can take family leave for the birth, placement for adoption, or foster care of a child. 
employing office/employee relationship has been interrupted, such as an employee who has been on layoff, the employee must be recalled or otherwise be reemployed before being eligible for FMLA leave. Under such circumstances, an eligible employee is immediately entitled to further FMLA leave for a qualifying reason. 
leave means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or 
continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. 
work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities due to the serious health condition, treatment therefore, or recovery therefrom. 
limited to) examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and evaluations of the condition. Treatment does not include routine physical examinations, eye examinations, or dental examinations. A regimen of continuing treatment includes, for example, a course of prescription medication (e.g., an antibiotic) or therapy requiring special equipment to resolve or alleviate the health condition ( e.g., oxygen). A regimen of 
continuing treatment that includes the taking of overthecounter medications such as aspirin, antihistamines, or salves; or bed rest, drinking fluids, exercise, and other similar activities that can be initiated without a visit to a health care provider, is not, by itself, sufficient to constitute a regimen of continuing treatment for purposes of FMLA leave. 
are examples of conditions that do not meet the definition of a serious health condition and do not qualify for FMLA leave. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other conditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of this section are met. 
A serious health condition involving continuing treatment by a health care provider includes any one or more of the following: 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless extenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct supervision of a health care provider, or by a provider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
at least one occasion, which results in a regimen of continuing treatment under the supervision of the health care provider. 
a regimen of continuing treatment is necessary within the 30day period shall be determined by the health care provider. 
that prevent the followup visit from occurring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are extenuating depends on the facts. For example, extenuating circumstances exist if a health care provider determines that a second in person visit is needed within the 30day period, but the health care provider does not have any available appointments during that time period. 
of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. See also 825.120. 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct supervision of a health care provider; 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), or 
825.117 [Removed and Reserved] 825.118 [Removed and Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
health condition if the conditions of 825.113 through 825.115 are met. However, FMLA leave may only be taken for treatment for substance abuse by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services on referral by a health care provider. On the other hand, absence because of the employee’s use of the substance, rather than for treatment, does not qualify for FMLA leave. 
prevent an employing office from taking employment action against an employee. The 
employing office may not take action against the employee because the employee has exercised his or her right to take FMLA leave for treatment. However, if the employing office has an established policy, applied in a nondiscriminatory manner that has been communicated to all employees, that provides under certain circumstances an employee may be terminated for substance abuse, pursuant to that policy the employee may be terminated whether or not the employee is presently taking FMLA leave. An employee may also take FMLA leave to care for a covered family member who is receiving treatment for substance abuse. The employing office may not take action against an employee who is providing care for a covered family member receiving treatment for substance abuse. 
(i.e., bonding time) during the 12month period beginning on the date of birth. An employee’s entitlement to FMLA leave for a birth expires at the end of the 12month period beginning on the date of the birth. If the employing office permits bonding leave to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, both parents are entitled to FMLA leave even if the newborn does not have a serious health condition. 
leave and are employed by the same employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12month period if the leave is taken for birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the 
other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newborn child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. Note, too, that many state pregnancy disability laws specify a period of disability either before or after the birth of a child; such periods would also be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition of the birth mother, and would not be subject to the combined limit. 
FMLA leave for incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care, or for her own serious health condition following the birth of the child. An expectant mother may take FMLA leave before the birth of the child for prenatal care or if her condition makes her unable to work. The expectant mother is entitled to leave for incapacity due to pregnancy 
from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last for more than three consecutive calendar days. 
needed to care for a pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for her following the birth of a child if she has a serious health condition. See 825.124. 
An eligible employee may use intermittent or reduced schedule leave after the birth to be with a healthy newborn child only if the employing office agrees. For example, an employing office and employee may agree to a parttime work schedule after the birth. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to better accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the expectant mother or newborn child. See 825.202– 
825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 
825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption or foster care. See 825.601 for special rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 
agency or otherwise) is not a factor in determining eligibility for leave for this purpose. 
adoption or foster care expires at the end of the 12month period beginning on the date of the placement. If the employing office permits leave for adoption or foster care to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, the employee is entitled to FMLA leave even if the adopted or foster child does not have a serious health condition. 
leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12month period if the leave is taken for the placement of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after placement, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12 week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newly placed child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. 
leave . An eligible employee may use intermittent or reduced schedule leave after the placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care only if the employing office agrees. Thus, for example, the employing office and employee may agree to a parttime work schedule after the placement for bonding purposes. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the placement for adoption or foster care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to better accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the adopted or foster child. See 825.202–825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.120 for 
general rules governing leave for pregnancy and birth of a child. See 825.601 for special 
825.122 Definitions of covered servicemember, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adoption, foster care, son or daughter on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury or illness; or 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
made applicable by the CAA, means a husband or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an individual in a samesex marriage. This definition also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
leave taken for birth or adoption, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition, son or daughter means a biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of selfcare because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See 
of confirmation of family relationship, the employing office may require the employee giving notice of the need for leave to provide reasonable documentation or statement of family relationship. This documentation may take the form of a simple statement from the employee, or a child’s birth certificate, a court document, etc. The employing 
office is entitled to examine documentation such as a birth certificate, etc., but the employee is entitled to the return of the official document submitted for this purpose. 
that an employee is needed to care for a family member or covered servicemember encompasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for example, because of a serious health condition, the family member is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or nutritional needs or safety, or is unable to transport himself or herself to the doctor. The term also includes providing psychological comfort and reassurance which would be beneficial to a child, spouse or parent with a serious health condition who is receiving inpatient or home care. 
the employee may be needed to substitute for others who normally care for the family member or covered servicemember, or to make arrangements for changes in care, such as transfer to a nursing home. The employee need not be the only individual or family member available to care for the family member or covered servicemember. 
reduced leave schedule necessary to care for a family member or covered servicemember includes not only a situation where the condition of the family member or covered servicemember itself is intermittent, but also where the employee is only needed intermittently—such as where other care is normally available, or care responsibilities are shared with another member of the family or a third party. See 825.202–825.205 for rules governing the use of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 
is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
clinical social workers and physician assistants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care provider other than a Christian Science practitioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; 
employing office or the employing office’s group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in accordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
State as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 
leave for a qualifying exigency while the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent (the military member or member) is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). 
Regular Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country. The active duty orders of a member of the Regular components of the Armed Forces will generally specify if the member is deployed to a foreign country. 
(ii) The active duty orders of a member of 
the Reserve components will generally specify if the military member is serving in support of a contingency operation by citation to the relevant section of Title 10 of the United States Code and/or by reference to the specific name of the contingency operation and will specify that the deployment is to a foreign country. 
to areas outside of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any Territory or possession of the United States, including international waters. 
employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. 
leave for one or more of the following qualifying exigencies: 
any issue that arises from the fact that the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty seven or less calendar days prior to the date of deployment; 
used for a period of seven calendar days beginning on the date the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty; 
To attend any official ceremony, program, or event sponsored by the military that is related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
programs and informational briefings sponsored or promoted by the military, military service organizations, or the American Red Cross that are related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
is to commence. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. 
a child of the military member when the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing childcare arrangement; 
(ii) To provide childcare for a child of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To enroll in or transfer to a new 
school or day care facility a child of the military member when enrollment or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
school or a daycare facility, such as meetings with school officials regarding disciplinary measures, parentteacher conferences, or meetings with school counselors, for a child of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
make or update financial or legal arrangements to address the military member’s absence while on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, such as preparing and executing financial and healthcare powers of attorney, transferring bank account signature authority, enrolling in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), obtaining military identification cards, or preparing or updating a will or living trust; and 
(ii) To act as the military member’s representative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging, or appealing military service benefits while the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; 
with the military member who is on short term, temporary, Rest and Recuperation leave during the period of deployment; 
used for a period of 15 calendar days beginning on the date the military member commences each instance of Rest and Recuperation leave; 
arrival ceremonies, reintegration briefings and events, and any other official ceremony or program sponsored by the military for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; and 
death of the military member while on covered active duty status, such as meeting and 
recovering the body of the military member, making funeral arrangements, and attending funeral services; 
of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. 
parent of the military member when the parent is incapable of selfcare and the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing care arrangement for the parent; 
(ii) To provide care for a parent of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the parent is incapable of selfcare and the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To admit to or transfer to a care facility a parent of the military member when admittance or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(iv) To attend meetings with staff at a care 
facility, such as meetings with hospice or social service providers for a parent of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member but not for routine or regular meetings; 
events which arise out of the military member’s covered active duty or call to covered active duty status provided that the employing office and employee agree that such leave shall qualify as an exigency, and agree to both the timing and duration of such leave. 
825.127 Leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious illness or injury. 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status ; or is otherwise on the 
temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury or illness. Outpatient status means the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to either a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as outpatients. 
medical treatment, recuperation or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves) and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable prior to the effective date of this Final Rule, the period between October 28, 2009 and the effective date of this Final Rule shall not count towards the determination of the fiveyear period for covered veteran status. 
Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces, and that may render the member medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank or rating; and, 
an injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces), and manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran, and is: 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis 
to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
means the nearest blood relative, other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide 
workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness during a single 12month period. 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLEMENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an eligible employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a total of 12 workweeks of leave during any 12month period for any one, or more, of the following reasons: 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care, and to care for the newly placed child; 
that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of his or her job; and 
a fiscal year or a year starting on an employee’s anniversary date; 
change to another alternative is required to give at least 60 days notice to all employees, and the transition must take place in such a way that the employees retain the full benefit of 12 weeks of leave under whichever method affords the greatest benefit to the employee. Under no circumstances may a new method be implemented in order to avoid the CAA’s FMLA leave requirements. 
amount of leave used by an employee, the fact that a holiday may occur within the week taken as FMLA leave has no effect; the week is counted as a week of FMLA leave. However, if an employee is using FMLA leave in increments of less than one week, the holiday will not count against the employee’s FMLA entitlement unless the employee was otherwise scheduled and expected to work during the holiday. Similarly, if for some reason the employing office’s business activity has temporarily ceased and employees generally are not expected to report for work for one or more weeks (e.g., a school closing two weeks for the Christmas/New Year holiday or the summer vacation or an employing office closing the office for repairs), the days the employing office’s activities have ceased do not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Methods for determining an employee’s 12week leave entitlement are also described in 825.205. 
who are eligible for FMLA leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12month period if 
intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule under certain circumstances. Intermittent 
of time due to a single qualifying reason. A reduced leave schedule is a leave schedule that 
reduces an employee’s usual number of working hours per workweek, or hours per workday. A reduced leave schedule is a change in the employee’s schedule for a period of time, normally from fulltime to parttime. 
leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule taken because of one’s own serious health condition, to care for a spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, there must be a medical need for leave and it must be that such medical need can be best accommodated through an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. The treatment regimen and other information described in the certification of a serious health condition and in the certification of a serious injury or illness, if required by the employing office, addresses the medical necessity of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule. See 825.306, 825.310. Leave may be taken intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule when medically necessary for planned and/or unanticipated medical treatment of a serious health condition or of a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or for recovery from treatment or recovery from a serious health condition or a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. It may also be taken to provide care or psychological comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition or a covered 
serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, for the employee’s own serious health condition, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember which requires treatment by a health care provider periodically, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of periods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would include leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken several days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. A pregnant employee may take leave intermittently for prenatal examinations or for her own condition, such as for periods of severe morning sickness. An example of an employee taking leave on a reduced leave schedule is an employee who is recovering from a serious health condition and is not strong enough to work a fulltime schedule. 
may be taken for absences where the employee or family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the position because of a chronic serious health condition or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, even if he or she does not receive treatment by a health care provider. See 825.113 and 825.127. 
after the birth of a healthy child or placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care, an employee may take leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule only if the employing office agrees. Such a schedule reduction might occur, for example, where an employee, with the employing office’s agreement, works parttime after the birth of a child, or takes leave in several segments. The employing office’s agreement is not required, however, for leave during which the expectant mother has a serious health condition in connection with the birth of her child or if the newborn child has a serious health condition. See 825.204 for 
rules governing transfer to an alternative position that better accommodates intermittent leave. See also 825.120 (pregnancy) and 
qualifying exigency may be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. 
on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when medically necessary due to the serious health condition of a covered family member or the employee or the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember. See 825.202. 
Eligible employees may also take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when necessary because of a qualifying exigency. If an employee needs leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule for planned medical treatment, then the employee must make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations. 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alternative position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule that is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment for the employee, a family member, or a covered servicemember, including during a period of recovery from one’s own serious health condition, a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or if the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for 
the birth of a child or for placement of a child for adoption or foster care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. See 825.601 for special rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 
position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and Federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to better accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 
the physical impossibility exception, and 825.600 and 825.601 for special rules applicable to employees of schools. If an employing office uses different increments to account for different types of leave, the employing office must account for FMLA leave in the smallest increment used to account for any other type of leave. For example, if an employing office accounts for the use of annual leave in increments of one hour and the use of sick leave in increments of onehalf hour, then FMLA leave use must be accounted for using increments no larger than onehalf hour. If an employing office accounts for use of leave in varying increments at different times of the day or shift, the employing office may also account for FMLA leave in varying increments, provided that the increment used for FMLA leave is no greater than the smallest increment used for any other type of leave during the period in which the FMLA leave is taken. If an employing office accounts for other forms of leave use in increments greater than one hour, the employing office must account for FMLA leave use in increments no greater than one hour. An employing office may account for FMLA leave in shorter increments than used for other forms of leave. For example, an employing office that accounts for other forms of leave in one hour increments may account for FMLA leave in a shorter increment when the employee arrives at work several minutes late, and the employing office wants the employee to begin work immediately. Such accounting for FMLA leave will not alter the increment considered to be the shortest period used to account for other forms of leave or the use of FMLA leave in other circumstances. In all cases, employees may not be charged FMLA leave for periods during which they are working. 
employee using intermittent leave or working a reduced leave schedule to commence or end work midway through a shift, such as where a flight attendant or a railroad conductor is scheduled to work aboard an airplane or train, or a laboratory employee is unable to enter or leave a sealed ‘‘clean room’’ during a certain period of time and no equivalent position is available, the entire period that the employee is forced to be absent is designated as FMLA leave and counts against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. The period of the physical impossibility is limited to the period during which the employing office is unable to permit the employee to work prior to a period of FMLA leave or return the employee to the same or equivalent position due to the physical impossibility after a period of FMLA leave. See 
of a week of FMLA leave. Similarly, if a full time employee who would otherwise work eight hour days works fourhour days under a reduced leave schedule, the employee would use one half (
of FMLA leave that an employee uses is determined on a pro rata or proportional basis. If an employee who would otherwise work 30 hours per week, but works only 20 hours a week under a reduced leave schedule, the employee’s 10 hours of leave would constitute onethird (1/3) of a week of FMLA leave for each week the employee works the reduced leave schedule. An employing office may convert these fractions to their hourly equivalent so long as the conversion equitably reflects the employee’s total normally scheduled hours. An employee does not accrue FMLAprotected leave at any particular hourly rate. An eligible employee is entitled to up to a total of 12 workweeks of leave, or 26 workweeks in the case of military caregiver leave, and the total number of hours contained in those workweeks is necessarily dependent on the specific hours the employee would have worked but for the use of leave. See also 825.601 and 825.602 on special 
week to week to such an extent that an employing office is unable to determine with any certainty how many hours the employee would otherwise have worked (but for the taking of FMLA leave), a weekly average of the hours worked over the 12 months prior to the beginning of the leave period (including any hours for which the employee took leave of any type) would be used for calculating the employee’s leave entitlement. 
FMLA leave. Voluntary overtime hours that an employee does not work due to an FMLA qualifying reason may not be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
with a fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime, where permitted by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), the employing office, during the period in which intermittent or reduced schedule FMLA leave is scheduled to be taken, may compensate an employee on an hourly basis and pay only for the hours the employee works, including time and onehalf the employee’s regular rate for overtime hours. The change to payment on an hourly basis would include the entire period during which the employee is taking intermittent leave, including weeks in which no leave is taken. The hourly rate shall be determined by dividing the employee’s weekly salary by the employee’s normal or average schedule of hours worked during weeks in which FMLA leave is not being taken. If an employing office chooses to follow this exception from the fluctuating workweek method of payment, the employing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all employees paid on a fluctuating workweek basis for whom FMLA leave is taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. If an employing office does not elect to convert the employee’s compensation to hourly pay, no deduction may be taken for FMLA leave absences. Once the need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave is over, the employee may be restored to payment on a fluctuating workweek basis. 
basis requirements of the FLSA exemption or fluctuating workweek payment requirements applies only to employees of covered employing offices who are eligible for FMLA leave, and to leave which qualifies as FMLA leave. Hourly or other deductions which are not in accordance with the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or with a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime may not be taken, for example, where the employee has not worked long enough to be eligible for FMLA leave without potentially affecting the employee’s eligibility for exemption. Nor may deductions which are not permitted by the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or by a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime be taken from such an employee’s salary for any leave which does not qualify as FMLA leave, for example, deductions from an employee’s pay for leave required under an employing office’s policy or practice for a reason which does not qualify as FMLA leave, e.g., leave to care for a 
grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condition; or for leave which is more generous than provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, such as leave in excess of 12 weeks in a year. Employing offices may comply with the employing office’s own policy/practice under these circumstances and maintain the employee’s eligibility for exemption or for the fluctuating workweek method of pay by not taking hourly deductions from the employee’s pay, in accordance with FLSA requirements, as made applicable by the CAA, or may take such deductions, treating the employee as an hourly employee and pay overtime premium pay for hours worked over 40 in a workweek. 
circumstances which do not qualify as FMLA leave, the leave will not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. For example, paid sick leave used for a medical condition which is not a serious health condition or serious injury or illness does not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
leave plan would be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition and counted in the leave entitlement permitted under FMLA if it meets the criteria set forth above in 825.112 through 825.115. In such cases, the employing office may designate the leave as FMLA leave and count the leave against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Because leave pursuant to a disability benefit plan is not unpaid, the provision for substitution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is inapplicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substitution of paid leave. However, employing offices and employees may agree to have paid leave supplement the disability plan benefits, such as in the case where a plan only provides replacement income for twothirds of an employee’s salary. 
the CAA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compensatory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee requests and is permitted to use accrued compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
provided to an employee prior to taking FMLA leave must be maintained during the FMLA leave. For example, if family member coverage is provided to an employee, family member coverage must be maintained during the FMLA leave. Similarly, benefit coverage during FMLA leave for medical care, surgical care, hospital care, dental care, eye care, mental health counseling, substance abuse treatment, etc., must be maintained 
during leave if provided in an employing office’s group health plan, including a supplement to a group health plan, whether or not provided through a flexible spending account or other component of a cafeteria plan. 
health plan or benefits or changes health benefits or plans while an employee is on FMLA leave, the employee is entitled to the new or changed plan/benefits to the same extent as if the employee were not on leave. For example, if an employing office changes a group health plan so that dental care becomes covered under the plan, an employee on FMLA leave must be given the same opportunity as other employees to receive (or obtain) the dental care coverage. Any other plan changes (e.g., in coverage, premiums, deductibles, etc.) which apply to all employees of the workforce would also apply to an employee on FMLA leave. 
plans or benefits must also be given to an employee on FMLA leave. If the group health plan permits an employee to change from single to family coverage upon the birth of a child or otherwise add new family members, such a change in benefits must be made available while an employee is on FMLA leave. If the employee requests the changed coverage it must be provided by the employing office. 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable, and for key employees (as discussed below), an employing office’s obligation to maintain health benefits during leave (and to restore the employee to the same or equivalent employment) under FMLA ceases if and when the employment relationship would have terminated if the employee had not taken FMLA leave (e.g., if the employee’s position is eliminated as part of a nondiscriminatory reduction in force and the employee would not have been transferred to another position); an employee informs the employing office of his or her intent not to return from leave (including before starting the leave if the employing office is so informed before the leave starts); or the employee fails to return from leave or continues on leave after exhausting his or her FMLA leave entitlement in the 12month period. 
return from leave when notified by the employing office that substantial or grievous economic injury will result from his or her reinstatement, the employee’s entitlement to group health plan benefits continues unless and until the employee advises the employing office that the employee does not desire restoration to employment at the end of the leave period, or the FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted, or reinstatement is actually denied. 
other than group health benefits during a period of FMLA leave ( e.g., holiday pay) is to 
be determined by the employing office’s established policy for providing such benefits when the employee is on other forms of leave (paid or unpaid, as appropriate). 
maintained on the same basis as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. Therefore, any share of group health plan premiums which had been paid by the employee prior to FMLA leave must continue to be paid by the employee during the FMLA leave period. If premiums are raised or lowered, the employee would be required to pay the new premium rates. Maintenance of health insurance policies 
leave, the employee’s share of premiums must be paid by the method normally used during any paid leave, presumably as a payroll deduction. 
office has a number of options for obtaining payment from the employee. The employing office may require that payment be made to the employing office or to the insurance carrier, but no additional charge may be added to the employee’s premium payment for administrative expenses. The employing office may require employees to pay their share of premium payments in any of the following ways: 
as it would be made if by payroll deduction; 
schedule as payments are made under COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable; 
payment by employees on leave without pay would be followed, provided that such rules do not require prepayment ( i.e., prior to the 
commencement of the leave) of the premiums that will become due during a period of unpaid FMLA leave or payment of higher premiums than if the employee had continued to work instead of taking leave; or 
between the employing office and the employee, which may include prepayment of premiums ( e.g., through increased payroll deductions when the need for the FMLA leave is foreseeable). 
more of an employee using unpaid FMLA leave than the employing office requires of other employees on leave without pay. 
FMLA leave, coverage by the group health plan, and benefits provided pursuant to the plan, must be maintained at the level of coverage and benefits which were applicable to the employee at the time FMLA leave commenced. 
be required to use banked hours or pay a 
have been required to pay if the employee had been continuously employed. 
group health plan coverage must be maintained for an employee on FMLA leave until: 
employee would have been laid off and the employment relationship terminated; or 
office under FMLA would continue; for example, the employing office continues to have an obligation to reinstate an employee upon return from leave. 
employee’s share of any premium payments missed by the employee for any FMLA leave period during which the employing office maintains health coverage by paying the employee’s share after the premium payment is missed. 
has not made required premium payments, upon the employee’s return from FMLA 
during a period of unpaid FMLA leave from an employee if the employee fails to return to work after the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted or expires, unless the reason the employee does not return is due to: 
of either a serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, which would otherwise entitle the employee to leave under FMLA; or 
office’s operations and is not reinstated by the employing office. Other circumstances beyond the employee’s control would not include a situation where an employee desires to remain with a parent in a distant city even though the parent no longer requires the employee’s care, or a parent chooses not to return to work to stay home with a well, newborn child. 
Forms A, B, and F. If the employing office requests medical certification and the employee does not provide such certification in a timely manner (within 30 days), or the reason for not returning to work does not meet the test of other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the employing office may recover 100 percent of the health benefit premiums it paid during the period of unpaid FMLA leave. 
etc., by paying the employee’s (share of) premiums during periods of unpaid FMLA leave. For example, to ensure the employing office can meet its responsibilities to provide equivalent benefits to the employee upon return from unpaid FMLA leave, it may be necessary that premiums be paid continuously to avoid a lapse of coverage. If the employing office elects to maintain such benefits during the leave, at the conclusion of leave, the employing office is entitled to recover only the costs incurred for paying the employee’s share of any premiums whether or not the employee returns to work. 
least 30 calendar days is considered to have returned to work. An employee who transfers directly from taking FMLA leave to retirement, or who retires during the first 30 days after the employee returns to work, is deemed to have returned to work. 
work, any health and nonhealth benefit premiums which this section of the regulations permits an employing office to recover are a debt owed by the nonreturning employee to the employing office. The existence of this debt caused by the employee’s failure to return to work does not alter the employing office’s responsibilities for health benefit coverage and, under a selfinsurance plan, payment of claims incurred during the period of FMLA leave. To the extent recovery is allowed, the employing office may recover the costs through deduction from any sums due to the employee ( e.g., unpaid wages, vacation pay, etc.), provided such deductions do 
not otherwise violate applicable wage payment or other laws. Alternatively, the employing office may initiate legal action against the employee to recover such costs. 
an employee is entitled to be returned to the same position the employee held when leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. An employee is entitled to such reinstatement even if the employee has been replaced or his or her position has been restructured to accommodate the employee’s absence. See also 
no longer qualified for the position because of the employee’s inability to attend a necessary course, renew a license, etc., as a result of the leave, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to fulfill those conditions upon return to work. 
other employees on an equivalent leave status for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. An employee is entitled to be restored to a position with the same or equivalent pay premiums, such as a shift differential. If an employee departed from a position averaging ten hours of overtime (and corresponding overtime pay) each week, an employee is ordinarily entitled to such a position on return from FMLA leave. 
payment, whether it is discretionary or non discretionary, made to employees consistent 
benefits provided or made available to employees by an employing office, including group life insurance, health insurance, disability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational benefits, and pensions, regardless of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office through an employee benefit plan. 
to, accrue any additional benefits or seniority during unpaid FMLA leave. Benefits accrued at the time leave began, however, ( e.g., 
paid vacation, sick or personal leave to the extent not substituted for FMLA leave) must be available to an employee upon return from leave. 
to be treated as if they continued to work for purposes of changes to benefit plans. They are entitled to changes in benefits plans, except those which may be dependent upon seniority or accrual during the leave period, immediately upon return from leave or to the same extent they would have qualified if no leave had been taken. For example if the benefit plan is predicated on a preestablished number of hours worked each year and the employee does not have sufficient hours as a result of taking unpaid FMLA leave, the benefit is lost. (In this regard, 825.209 addresses health benefits.) 
substantially similar duties, conditions, responsibilities, privileges and status as the employee’s original position. 
same or a geographically proximate worksite (i.e., one that does not involve a significant 
increase in commuting time or distance) from where the employee had previously been employed. If the employee’s original worksite has been closed, the employee is entitled to the same rights as if the employee had not been on leave when the worksite closed. For example, if an employing office transfers all employees from a closed worksite to a new worksite in a different city, the employee on leave is also entitled to transfer under the same conditions as if he or she had continued to be employed. 
return to the same shift or the same or an equivalent work schedule. 
equivalent opportunity for bonuses, and other similar discretionary and nondiscretionary payments. 
office from accommodating an employee’s request to be restored to a different shift, schedule, or position which better suits the employee’s personal needs on return from leave, or to offer a promotion to a better position. However, an employee cannot be induced by the employing office to accept a different position against the employee’s wishes. 
that an employee be restored to the same or equivalent job with the same or equivalent pay, benefits, and terms and conditions of employment does not extend to de minimis, intangible, or unmeasurable aspects of the job. 
course of taking FMLA leave and employment is terminated, the employing office’s responsibility to continue FMLA leave, 
maintain group health plan benefits and restore the employee ceases at the time the employee is laid off, provided the employing office has no continuing obligations under a collective bargaining agreement or otherwise. An employing office would have the burden of proving that an employee would have been laid off during the FMLA leave period and, therefore, would not be entitled to restoration. Restoration to a job slated for layoff when the employee’s original position is not would not meet the requirements of an equivalent position. 
term or only to perform work on a discrete project, the employing office has no obligation to restore the employee if the employment term or project is over and the employing office would not otherwise have continued to employ the employee. On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the work was assigned to another employing office, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office. See 
essential function of the position because of a physical or mental condition, including the continuation of a serious health condition or an injury or illness also covered by workers’ compensation, the employee has no right to restoration to another position under the FMLA. The employing office’s obligations may, however, be governed by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA. See 825.702. 
FMLA leave from an employing office is not protected by the job restoration or maintenance of health benefits provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
the minimum wage and overtime requirements of the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA, as executive, administrative, and professional employees). 
highest paid 10 percent of all the employees—both salaried and nonsalaried, eligible and ineligible—who are employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the worksite. 
among the highest paid 10 percent, year to date earnings are divided by weeks worked by the employee (including weeks in which paid leave was taken). Earnings include wages, premium pay, incentive pay, and non discretionary and discretionary bonuses. Earnings do not include incentives whose value is determined at some future date, e.g., 
employee is among the highest paid 10 percent shall be made at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave. No more than 10 percent of the employing office’s employees within 75 miles of the worksite may be key employees. 
employee, an employing office must determine that the restoration of the employee to employment will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations of the employing office, not whether the absence of the employee will cause such substantial and grievous injury. 
level of hardship or injury to the employing office which must be sustained. If the reinstatement of a key employee threatens the economic viability of the employing office, that would constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. A lesser injury which causes substantial, longterm economic injury would also be sufficient. Minor inconveniences and costs that the employing office would experience in the normal course would certainly not constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. 
reinstatement may be denied to a key employee, must give written notice to the employee at the time the employee gives notice of the need for FMLA leave (or when FMLA leave commences, if earlier) that he or she qualifies as a key employee. At the same time, the employing office must also fully inform the employee of the potential consequences with respect to reinstatement and maintenance of health benefits if the employing office should determine that substantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations will result if the employee is reinstated from FMLA leave. If such notice cannot be given immediately because of the need to determine whether the employee is a key employee, it shall be given as soon as practicable after being notified of a need for leave (or the commencement of leave, if earlier). It is expected that in most circumstances there will 
be no desire that an employee be denied restoration after FMLA leave and, therefore, there would be no need to provide such notice. However, an employing office who fails to provide such timely notice will lose its right to deny restoration even if substantial and grievous economic injury will result from reinstatement. 
good faith determination, based on the facts available, that substantial and grievous economic injury to its operations will result if a key employee who has given notice of the need for FMLA leave or is using FMLA leave is reinstated, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing of its determination, that it cannot deny FMLA leave, and that it intends to deny restoration to employment on completion of the FMLA leave. It is anticipated that an employing office will ordinarily be able to give such notice prior to the employee starting leave. The employing office must serve this notice either in person or by certified mail. This notice must explain the basis for the employing office’s finding that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, and, if leave has commenced, must provide the employee a reasonable time in which to return to work, taking into account the circumstances, such as the length of the leave and the urgency of the need for the employee to return. 
to work in response to the employing office’s notification of intent to deny restoration, the employee continues to be entitled to maintenance of health benefits and the employing office may not recover its cost of health benefit premiums. A key employee’s rights under FMLA continue unless and until the employee either gives notice that he or she no longer wishes to return to work, or the employing office actually denies reinstatement at the conclusion of the leave period. 
given that substantial and grievous economic injury will result if the employee is reinstated to employment, an employee is still entitled to request reinstatement at the end of the leave period even if the employee did not return to work in response to the employing office’s notice. The employing office must then again determine whether there will be substantial and grievous economic injury from reinstatement, based on the facts at that time. If it is determined that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing (in person or by certified mail) of the denial of restoration. 
CAA, prohibits interference with an employee’s rights under the law, and with legal proceedings or inquiries relating to an employee’s rights. More specifically, the law contains the following employee protections: 
interfering with, restraining, or denying the exercise of (or attempts to exercise) any rights provided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
discharging or in any other way discriminating against any covered employee (whether or not an eligible employee) for opposing or complaining about any unlawful practice under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
caused to be instituted) any proceeding under or related to the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; 
(ii) Given, or is about to give, any information in connection with an inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; 
(iii) Testified, or is about to testify, in any 
inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
the exercise of an employee’s rights would include, for example, not only refusing to authorize FMLA leave, but discouraging an employee from using such leave. It would also include manipulation by a covered employing office to avoid responsibilities under FMLA, for example: 
job in order to preclude the taking of leave; or 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
requests FMLA leave, or when the employing office acquires knowledge that an employee’s leave may be for an FMLAqualifying reason, the employing office must notify the employee of the employee’s eligibility to take FMLA leave within five business days, absent extenuating circumstances. See 825.110 
absences for the same qualifying reason are considered a single leave and employee eligibility as to that reason for leave does not change during the applicable 12month period. 
counted against the employee’s annual FMLA leave entitlement if qualifying ( see 
furnish certification of a serious health condition, serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency arising out of active duty or call to active duty status, and the consequences of failing to do so ( see 825.305, 825.309, 825.310, 
paid leave, whether the employing office will require the substitution of paid leave, the conditions related to any substitution, and the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if the employee does not meet the conditions for paid leave ( see 825.207); 
make any premium payments to maintain health benefits and the arrangements for making such payments ( see 825.210), and the 
possible consequences of failure to make such payments on a timely basis ( i.e., the 
of benefits during the FMLA leave and restoration to the same or an equivalent job upon return from FMLA leave ( see 825.214 and 
payment of health insurance premiums paid by the employing office during the employee’s unpaid FMLA leave if the employee fails to return to work after taking FMLA leave (see 825.213). 
may include other information— e.g., whether the employing office will require periodic reports of the employee’s status and intent to return to work—but is not required to do so. 
the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, the employing office shall, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, provide written notice referencing the prior notice and setting forth any of the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities that has changed. For example, if the initial leave period was paid leave and the subsequent leave period would be unpaid leave, the employing office may need to give notice of the arrangements for 
responsively answer questions from employees concerning their rights and responsibilities under the FMLA, as made applicable under the CAA. 
be distributed electronically so long as it otherwise meets the requirements of this section. 
after receiving a certification), the employing office must notify the employee whether the leave will be designated and will be counted as FMLA leave within five business days absent extenuating circumstances. Only one notice of designation is required for each FMLAqualifying reason per applicable 12 month period, regardless of whether the leave taken due to the qualifying reason will be a continuous block of leave or intermittent or reduced schedule leave. If the employing office determines that the leave will not be designated as FMLAqualifying ( e.g., 
if the leave is not for a reason covered by FMLA or the FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted), the employing office must notify the employee of that determination. If the employing office requires paid leave to be substituted for unpaid FMLA leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time of designating the FMLA leave. 
employee to present a fitnessforduty certification to be restored to employment, the employing office must provide notice of such requirement with the designation notice. If the employing office will require that the fitnessforduty certification address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position, the employing office must so indicate in the designation notice, and must include a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position. See 825.312. If the employing office’s 
any) describing the employing office’s leave policies clearly provide that a fitnessfor duty certification will be required in specific circumstances ( e.g., by stating that fitness 
forduty certification will be required in all cases of back injuries for employees in a certain occupation), the employing office is not required to provide written notice of the requirement with the designation notice, but must provide oral notice no later than with the designation notice. 
exhausts the FMLA leave entitlement), the employing office shall provide, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, written notice of the change. 
employee of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. If the amount of leave needed is known at the time the employing office designates the leave as FMLAqualifying, the employing office must notify the employee of the number of hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement in the designation notice. If it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), then the employing office must provide notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement upon the request by the employee, but no more often than once in a 30day period and only if leave was taken in that period. The notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement may be oral or in writing. If such notice is oral, it shall be confirmed in writing no later than the following payday (unless the payday is less than one week after the oral notice, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). Such written notice may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. 
giving notice of the need for FMLA leave does not need to expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA to meet his or her obligation to provide notice, though the employee would need to state a qualifying reason for the needed leave and otherwise satisfy the notice requirements set forth in 825.302 or 825.303 depending on whether the need for leave is foreseeable or unforeseeable. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave must explain the reasons for the needed leave so as to allow the employing office to determine whether 
the leave qualifies under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. If the employee fails to explain the reasons, leave may be denied. In many cases, in explaining the reasons for a request to use leave, especially when the need for the leave was unexpected or unforeseen, an employee will provide sufficient information for the employing office to designate the leave as FMLA leave. An employee using accrued paid leave may in some cases not spontaneously explain the reasons or their plans for using their accrued leave. However, if an employee requesting to use paid leave for a FMLAqualifying reason does not explain the reason for the leave and the employing office denies the employee’s request, the employee will need to provide sufficient information to establish a FMLA qualifying reason for the needed leave so that the employing office is aware that the leave may not be denied and may designate that the paid leave be appropriately counted against (substituted for) the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Similarly, an employee using accrued paid vacation leave who seeks an extension of unpaid leave for a FMLAqualifying reason will need to state the reason. If this is due to an event which occurred during the period of paid leave, the employing office may count the leave used after the FMLAqualifying reason against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
an employing office and an employee as to whether leave qualifies as FMLA leave, it should be resolved through discussions between the employee and the employing office. Such discussions and the decision must be documented. 
office does not designate leave as required by 825.300, the employing office may retroactively designate leave as FMLA leave with appropriate notice to the employee as required by 825.300 provided that the employing office’s failure to timely designate leave does not cause harm or injury to the employee. In all cases where leave would qualify for FMLA protections, an employing office and an employee can mutually agree that leave be retroactively designated as FMLA leave. 
seriouslyill son or daughter if the leave had been designated timely. 
both possible and practical, taking into account all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case. When an employee becomes aware of a need for FMLA leave less than 30 days in advance, it should be practicable for the employee to provide notice of the need for leave either the same day or the next business day. In all cases, however, the determination of when an employee could practicably provide notice must take into account the individual facts and circumstances. 
the employee must specifically reference the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. In all cases, the employing office should inquire further of the employee if it is necessary to have more information about whether FMLA leave is being sought by the employee, and obtain the necessary details of the leave to be taken. In the case of medical conditions, the employing office may find it necessary to inquire further to determine if the leave is because of a serious health condition and may request medical certification to support the need for such leave. See 825.305. An employing office may 
also request certification to support the need for leave for a qualifying exigency or for military caregiver leave. See 825.309, 825.310. 
When an employee has been previously certified for leave due to more than one FMLA qualifying reason, the employing office may need to inquire further to determine for which qualifying reason the leave is needed. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLAqualifying. Failure to respond to reasonable employing office inquiries regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLAqualifying. 
When planning medical treatment, the employee must consult with the employing office and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. Employees are ordinarily expected to consult with their employing offices prior to the scheduling of treatment in order to work out a treatment schedule which best suits the needs of both the employing office and the employee. For example, if an employee who provides notice of the need to take FMLA leave on an intermittent basis for planned medical treatment neglects to consult with the employing office to make a reasonable effort to arrange the schedule of treatments so as not to unduly disrupt the employing office’s operations, the employing office may initiate discussions with the employee and require the employee to attempt to make such arrangements, subject to the approval of the health care provider. See 825.203 and 
leave schedule must be medically necessary due to a serious health condition or a serious injury or illness. An employee shall advise the employing office, upon request, of the reasons why the intermittent/reduced leave schedule is necessary and of the schedule for treatment, if applicable. The employee and employing office shall attempt to work out a schedule for such leave that meets the employee’s needs without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. 
be given by the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., spouse, adult family member, or other 
responsible party) if the employee is unable to do so personally. For example, if an employee’s child has a severe asthma attack and the employee takes the child to the emergency room, the employee would not be required to leave his or her child in order to report the absence while the child is receiving emergency treatment. However, if the child’s asthma attack required only the use of an inhaler at home followed by a period of rest, the employee would be expected to call the employing office promptly after ensuring the child has used the inhaler. 
potentially FMLAqualifying. Failure to respond to reasonable employing office inquiries office regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLAqualifying. 
When the need for leave is not foreseeable, an employee must comply with the employing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For example, an employing office may require employees to call a designated number or a specific individual to request leave. However, if an employee requires emergency medical treatment, he or she would not be required to follow the callin procedure until his or her condition is stabilized and he or she has access to, and is able to use, a phone. Similarly, in the case of an emergency requiring leave because of a FMLAqualifying reason, written advance notice pursuant to an employing office’s internal rules and procedures may not be required when FMLA leave is involved. If an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements, and no unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLAprotected leave may be delayed or denied. 
need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give timely advance notice with no reasonable excuse, the employing office may delay FMLA coverage until 30 days after the date the employee provides notice. The need for leave and the approximate date leave would be taken must have been clearly foreseeable to the employee 30 days in advance of the leave. For example, knowledge that an employee would receive a telephone call about the availability of a child for adoption at some unknown point in the future would not be sufficient to establish the leave was clearly foreseeable 30 days in advance. 
When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable fewer than 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give notice as soon as practicable under the particular facts and circumstances, the extent to which an employing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if an employee reasonably should have given the employing office two weeks’ notice but instead only provided one week’s notice, then the employing office may delay FMLAprotected leave for one week (thus, if the employing office elects to delay FMLA coverage and the employee nonetheless takes leave one week after providing the notice ( i.e., a week before the two 
week notice period has been met) the leave will not be FMLAprotected). 
FMLA leave is unforeseeable and an employee fails to give notice in accordance with 825.303, the extent to which an employing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For 
for an employee to have given the employing office notice of the need for leave very soon after the need arises consistent with the employing office’s policy, but instead the employee provided notice two days after the leave began, then the employing office may delay FMLA coverage of the leave by two days. 
employee must provide a complete and sufficient certification to the employing office if required by the employing office in accordance with 825.306, 825.309, and 825.310. The employing office shall advise an employee whenever the employing office finds a certification incomplete or insufficient, and shall state in writing what additional information is necessary to make the certification complete and sufficient. A certification is considered incomplete if the employing office receives a certification, but one or more of the applicable entries have not been completed. A certification is considered insufficient if the employing office receives a complete certification, but the information provided is vague, ambiguous, or nonresponsive. The employing office must provide the employee with seven calendar days (unless not practicable under the particular circumstances despite the employee’s diligent good faith efforts) to cure any such deficiency. If the deficiencies specified by the employing office are not cured in the resubmitted certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in accordance with 825.313. A certification that is not returned to the employing office is not considered incomplete or insufficient, but constitutes a failure to provide certification. 
any clarifications necessary to determine if such certifications are authentic and sufficient. See 825.306, 825.307, 825.308, and 825.312. 
employee’s need for leave due to the employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condition of the employee’s covered family member, lasts beyond a single leave year (as defined in 825.200), the employing office may require the employee to provide a new medical certification in each subsequent leave year. Such new medical certifications are subject to the provisions for authentication and clarification set forth in 825.307, including second and third opinions. 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condition of a family member, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a medical certification from a health care provider that sets forth the following information: 
and fax number of the health care provider and type of medical practice/specialization; 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment of the employee’s or a covered family member’s serious health condition, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the dates and duration of such treatments and any periods of recovery; 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for the employee’s serious health condition, including pregnancy, that may result in unforeseeable episodes of incapacity, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced 
schedule leave and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the episodes of incapacity; and 
two optional forms (Form A and Form B) for use in obtaining medical certification, including second and third opinions, from health care providers that meets FMLA’s certification requirements, as made applicable by the CAA. ( See Forms A and B.) Optional Form A is for use when the employee’s need for leave is due to the employee’s own serious health condition. Optional Form B is for use when the employee needs leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. These optional forms reflect certification requirements so as to permit the health care provider to furnish appropriate medical information. Forms A and B are modeled closely on Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, which were developed by the Department of Labor ( see 29 
C.F.R. Part 825). The employing office may use the Office of Compliance’s forms, or Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, or another form containing the same basic information; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in 825.306, 825.307, and 825.308. In all instances the information on the form must relate only to the serious health condition for which the current need for leave exists. 
to such policy or plan may be considered in 
determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLAprotected leave. If the employee fails to provide the information required for receipt of such payments or benefits, such failure will not affect the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave. See 
medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
For purposes of these regulations, authentication means providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and requesting verification that the information contained on the certification form was completed and/or authorized by the health care provider who signed the document; no additional medical information may be requested. Clarification means contacting the 
health care provider to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. Employing offices may not ask health care providers for additional information beyond that required by the certification form. The requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Rule, ( see 45 CFR parts 160 and 164), 
responsibility to provide the employing office with a complete and sufficient certification and to clarify the certification if necessary. 
designate the health care provider to furnish the second opinion, but the selected health care provider may not be employed on a regular basis by the employing office. The employing office may not regularly contract with or otherwise regularly utilize the services of the health care provider furnishing the second opinion unless the employing office is located in an area where access to health care is extremely limited ( e.g., a rural 
area where no more than one or two doctors practice in the relevant specialty in the vicinity). 
is required to provide the employee with a copy of the second and third medical opinions, where applicable, upon request by the employee. Requested copies are to be provided within five business days unless extenuating circumstances prevent such action. 
requires the employee to obtain either a second or third opinion the employing office must reimburse an employee or family member for any reasonable ‘‘out of pocket’’ travel expenses incurred to obtain the second and third medical opinions. The employing office may not require the employee or family member to travel outside normal commuting distance for purposes of obtaining the second or third medical opinions except in very unusual circumstances. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
may request recertification in less than 30 days if: 
absence, the nature or severity of the illness, complications). For example, if a medical certification stated that an employee would need leave for one to two days when the employee suffered a migraine headache and the employee’s absences for his or her last two migraines lasted four days each, then the increased duration of absence might constitute a significant change in circumstances allowing the employing office to request a recertification in less than 30 days. Likewise, if an employee had a pattern of using unscheduled FMLA leave for migraines in conjunction with his or her scheduled days off, then the timing of the absences also might constitute a significant change in circumstances sufficient for an employing office to request a recertification more frequently than every 30 days; or 
requested recertification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
part of the information allowed to be obtained on recertification for leave taken because of a serious health condition, the employing office may provide the health care provider with a record of the employee’s absence pattern and ask the health care provider if the serious health condition and need for leave is consistent with such a pattern. 
employing office shall be at the employee’s expense unless the employing office provides otherwise. No second or third opinion on recertification may be required. 
may require the employee to provide a copy of the military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and the dates of the military member’s covered active duty service. This information need only be provided to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military may be required by the employing office if the need for leave because of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of the same or a different military member; 
the employee, of appropriate facts regarding the qualifying exigency for which FMLA leave is requested. The facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. Such facts should include information on the type of qualifying exigency for which leave is requested and any available written documentation which supports the request for leave; such documentation, for example, may 
include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a document confirming an appointment with a counselor or school official, or a copy of a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs; 
a qualifying exigency for a single, continuous period of time, the beginning and end dates for such absence; 
a qualifying exigency on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, an estimate of the frequency and duration of the qualifying exigency; 
meeting with a third party, appropriate contact information for the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting (such as the name, title, organization, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address) and a brief description of the purpose of the meeting; and 
and Recuperation leave, a copy of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation orders, or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuperation leave, and the dates of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation leave. 
an optional form (Form E) for employees’ use in obtaining a certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Form E). This optional form reflects certification requirements so as to permit the employee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency. Form E, or another form containing the same basic information, may be used by the employing office; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in this section. 
complete and sufficient certification to support his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency, the employing office may not request additional information from the employee. However, if the qualifying exigency involves meeting with a third party, the employing office may contact the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting for purposes of verifying a meeting or appointment schedule and the nature of the meeting between the employee and the specified individual or entity. The employee’s permission is not required in order to verify meetings or appointments with third parties, but no additional information may be requested by the employing office. An employing office also may contact an appropriate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty); no additional information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not required. 
provider. When leave is taken to care for a 
unable to make certain militaryrelated determinations outlined below, the authorized health care provider may rely on determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care coordinator) or an authorized VA representative. An employing office may request that the health care provider provide the following information: 
(ii) A VA health care provider; (iii) A DOD TRICARE network authorized 
(iv) A DOD nonnetwork TRICARE authorized private health care provider; or 
injury or illness was incurred in the line of duty on active duty or, if not, whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness existed before the beginning of the servicemember’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty; 
Armed Forces, such medical facts must include information on whether the injury or illness may render the covered servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating and whether the member is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy; 
(ii) In the case of a covered veteran, such 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is the continuation of an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating; or 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ServiceRelated Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and that such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
the covered servicemember is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and whether the covered servicemember will need care for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and recovery, and an estimate as to the beginning and ending dates for this period of time; 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment appointments for the covered servicemember, whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care and an estimate of the treatment schedule of such appointments; 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered servicemember other than for planned medical treatment ( e.g., episodic 
flareups of a medical condition), whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care, which can include assisting in the covered servicemember’s recovery, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the periodic care. 
office of the employee requesting leave to care for a covered servicemember, the name of the employee requesting such leave, and the name of the covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; 
covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; 
current member of the Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves, and the covered servicemember’s military branch, rank, and current unit assignment; 
assigned to a military medical facility as an outpatient or to a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit), and the name of the medical treatment facility or unit; 
veteran, the date of separation from military service, and whether the separation was other than dishonorable. The employing office may require the employee to provide documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation, and that the separation is other than dishonorable. Where an employing office requires such documentation, an employee may provide a copy of the veteran’s Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty issued by the U.S. Department of Defense (DD Form 214) or other proof of veteran status. See 
to the covered servicemember and an estimate of the leave needed to provide the care. 
an optional form (Form F) for employees’ use in obtaining certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Such documentation is sufficient certification of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness to support the employee’s request for military caregiver leave regardless of whether the employee is the named caregiver in the enrollment documentation. 
employee on FMLA leave to report periodically on the employee’s status and intent to return to work. The employing office’s policy regarding such reports may not be discriminatory and must take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances related to the individual employee’s leave situation. 
of intent not to return to work, the employing office’s obligations under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health benefits (subject to COBRA requirements or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable) and to restore the employee cease. However, these obligations continue if an employee indicates he or she may be unable to return to work but expresses a continuing desire to do so. 
take more leave than originally anticipated. Conversely, an employee may discover after beginning leave that the circumstances have changed and the amount of leave originally anticipated is no longer necessary. An employee may not be required to take more FMLA leave than necessary to resolve the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. In both of these situations, the employing office may require that the employee provide the employing office reasonable notice ( i.e., within two business days) of the 
changed circumstances where foreseeable. The employing office may also obtain information on such changed circumstances through requested status reports. 
whose FMLA leave was occasioned by the employee’s own serious health condition that made the employee unable to perform the employee’s job, an employing office may 
that requires all similarlysituated employees ( i.e., same occupation, same serious 
health condition) who take leave for such conditions to obtain and present certification from the employee’s health care provider that the employee is able to resume work. The employee has the same obligations to participate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certification or providing sufficient authorization to the health care provider to provide the information directly to the employing office) in the fitnessforduty certification process as in the initial certification process. See 
forduty certification only with regard to the particular health condition that caused the employee’s need for FMLA leave. The certification from the employee’s health care provider must certify that the employee is able 
borne by the employee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. 
certification of fitness to return to duty for each absence taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. However, an employing office is entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for such absences up to once every 30 days if reasonable safety concerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform his or her duties, based on the serious health condition for which the employee took such leave. If an employing office chooses to require a fitnessforduty certification under such circumstances, the employing office shall inform the employee at the same time it issues the designation notice that for each subsequent instance of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the employee will be required to submit a fitnessforduty certification unless one has already been submitted within the past 30 days. Alternatively, an employing office can set a different interval for requiring a fitnessforduty certification as long as it does not exceed once every 30 days and as long as the employing office advises the employee of the requirement in advance of the employee taking the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. The employing office may not terminate the employment of the employee while awaiting such a certification of fitness to return to duty for an intermittent or reduced schedule leave absence. Reasonable safety 
concerns means a reasonable belief of significant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. 
agreement govern an employee’s return to work, those provisions shall be applied. 
with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA, apply. After an employee returns from FMLA leave, the ADA requires any medical examination at an employing office’s expense by the employing office’s health care provider be jobrelated and consistent with business necessity. For example, an attorney could not be required to submit to a medical examination or inquiry just because her leg had been amputated. The essential functions of an attorney’s job do not require use of both legs; therefore such an inquiry would not be job related. An employing office may require a warehouse laborer, whose back impairment affects the ability to lift, to be examined by an orthopedist, but may not require this employee to submit to an HIV test where the test is not related to either the essential functions of his or her job or to his/her impairment. If an employee’s serious health condition may also be a disability within the meaning of the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the procedures for requesting medical information under the ADA. 
employee alleging a violation of the rights and protections of the FMLA, made applicable by the CAA, must request counseling by the Office of Compliance not later than 180 days after the date of the alleged violation. If a covered employee misses this deadline, the covered employee will be unable to obtain a remedy under the CAA. 
under title IV of the CAA for covered employees who believe that their rights under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, have been violated: 
describing and governing these procedures are found at www.compliance.gov. 
825.402 [Reserved] 825.403 [Reserved] 825.404 [Reserved] SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE 
FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA (and these special rules). The usual requirements for employees to be eligible do apply. 
intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule, or leave near the end of an academic term (semester), by instructional employees. Instructional employees are those 
whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting. This term includes not only teachers, but also athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. It does not include, and the special rules do not apply to, teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal job actual teaching or instructing, nor does it include auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psychologists, or curriculum specialists. It also does not include cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, or bus drivers. 
to an equivalent position apply to all employees of local educational agencies. 
the school year and begins the next semester is leave taken consecutively rather than intermittently. The period during the summer vacation when the employee would not have been required to report for duty is not counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. An instructional employee who is on FMLA leave at the end of the school year must be provided with any benefits over the summer vacation that employees would normally receive if they had been working at the end of the school year. 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule to care for a family member with a serious health condition, to care for a covered servicemember, or for the employee’s own serious health condition, which is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment, and the employee would be on leave for more than 20 percent of the total number of working days over the period the leave would extend, the employing office may require the employee to choose either to: 
particular duration, not greater than the duration of the planned treatment; or 
alternative position for which the employee is qualified, which has equivalent pay and benefits and which better accommodates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. 
give required notice of foreseeable FMLA leave ( see 825.302) to be taken intermittently 
or on a reduced leave schedule, the employing office may require the employee to take leave of a particular duration, or to transfer temporarily to an alternative position. Alternatively, the employing office may require the employee to delay the taking of leave until the notice provision is met. 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
more than five weeks before the end of a term. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
during the threeweek period before the end of the term. 
fiveweek period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered servicemember. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
during the twoweek period before the end of the term. 
threeweek period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered servicemember. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than five working days. 
typically ends near the end of the calendar year and the end of spring each school year. In no case may a school have more than two academic terms or semesters each year for purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An example of leave falling within these provisions would be where an employee plans two weeks of leave to care for a family member which will begin three weeks before the end of the term. In that situation, the employing office could require the employee to stay out on leave until the end of the term. 
periods of a particular duration in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the entire period of leave taken will count as FMLA leave. 
to be restored to an equivalent position upon return from FMLA leave will be made on the basis of ‘‘established school board policies and practices, private school policies and practices, and collective bargaining agreements.’’ The ‘‘established policies’’ and collective bargaining agreements used as a basis for restoration must be in writing, must be made known to the employee prior to the taking of FMLA leave, and must clearly explain the employee’s restoration rights upon return from leave. Any established policy which is used as the basis for restoration of an employee to an equivalent position must provide substantially the same protections as provided in the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, for reinstated employees. See 825.215. In other words, the 
policy or collective bargaining agreement must provide for restoration to an equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. For example, an employee may not be restored to a position requiring additional licensure or certification. 
EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights established by the FMLA. Conversely, the rights established by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, may not be diminished by any employment benefit program or plan. For example, a provision of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) which provides for reinstatement to a position that is not equivalent because of seniority ( e.g., provides lesser 
pay) is superseded by FMLA. If an employing office provides greater unpaid family leave rights than are afforded by FMLA, the employing office is not required to extend additional rights afforded by FMLA, such as maintenance of health benefits (other than through COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable), to the additional leave period not covered by FMLA. 
laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. 
any applicable law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability ( e.g., 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and as made applicable by the CAA). FMLA’s legislative history explains that FMLA is ‘‘not intended to modify or affect the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the regulations concerning employment which have been promulgated pursuant to that statute, or the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 [as amended] or the regulations issued under that act. Thus, the leave provisions of the [FMLA] are wholly distinct 
445 (D.C. Cir. 1976), cert. denied , 434 U.S. 1086 
with a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the employing office must make reasonable accommodations, etc., barring undue hardship, 
in accordance with the ADA. At the same time, the employing office must afford an employee his or her FMLA rights. ADA’s ‘‘disability ’’ and FMLA’s ‘‘ serious health condition ’’ are different concepts, and must be 
analyzed separately. FMLA entitles eligible employees to 12 weeks of leave in any 12 month period due to their own serious health condition, whereas the ADA allows an indeterminate amount of leave, barring undue hardship, as a reasonable accommodation. FMLA requires employing offices to maintain employees’ group health plan coverage during FMLA leave on the same conditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the leave period, whereas ADA does not require maintenance of health insurance unless other employees receive health insurance during leave under the same circumstances. 
the ADA might be accomplished by providing an individual with a disability with a part time job with no health benefits, assuming the employing office did not ordinarily provide health insurance for parttime employees. However, FMLA would permit an employee to work a reduced leave schedule until the equivalent of 12 workweeks of leave were used, with group health benefits maintained during this period. FMLA permits an employing office to temporarily transfer an employee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule to an alternative position, whereas the ADA allows an accommodation of reassignment to an equivalent, vacant position only if the employee cannot perform the essential functions of the employee’s present position and an accommodation is not possible in the employee’s present position, or an accommodation in the employee’s present position would cause an undue hardship. The examples in the following paragraphs of this section demonstrate how the two laws would interact with respect to a qualified individual with a disability. 
who is also an eligible employee entitled to FMLA leave requests 10 weeks of medical leave as a reasonable accommodation, which the employing office grants because it is not an undue hardship. The employing office advises the employee that the 10 weeks of leave is also being designated as FMLA leave and will count towards the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. This designation does not prevent the parties from also treating the leave as a reasonable accommodation and reinstating the employee into the same job, as required by the ADA, rather than an equivalent position under FMLA, if that is the 
greater right available to the employee. At the same time, the employee would be entitled under FMLA to have the employing office maintain group health plan coverage during the leave, as that requirement provides the greater right to the employee. 
parttime (a reduced leave schedule) after returning to his or her same job, the employee would still be entitled under FMLA to have group health plan coverage maintained for the remainder of the twoweek equivalent of FMLA leave entitlement, notwithstanding an employing office policy that parttime employees do not receive health insurance. This employee would be entitled under the ADA to reasonable accommodations to enable the employee to perform the essential functions of the parttime position. In addition, because the employee is working a parttime schedule as a reasonable accommodation, the FMLA’s provision for temporary assignment to a different alternative position would not apply. Once the employee has exhausted his or her remaining FMLA leave entitlement while working the reduced (parttime) schedule, if the employee is a qualified individual with a disability, and if the employee is unable to return to the same 
fulltime position at that time, the employee might continue to work parttime as a reasonable accommodation, barring undue hardship; the employee would then be entitled to only those employment benefits ordinarily provided by the employing office to part time employees. 
may no longer qualify for payments from the workers’ compensation benefit plan, but the employee is entitled to continue on unpaid FMLA leave either until the employee is able to return to the same or equivalent job the employee left or until the 12week FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. See 825.207 
of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, and as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office should provide the same benefits for women who are pregnant as the employing office provides to other employees with shortterm disabilities. Because Title VII does not require employees to be employed for a certain period of time to be protected, an employee employed for less than 12 months by the employing office (and, therefore, not an ‘‘eligible’’ employee under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA) may not be denied maternity leave if the employing office normally provides shortterm disability benefits to employees with the same tenure who are experiencing other shortterm disabilities. 
antidiscrimination laws applied by section 201 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311), including Title VII, the Rehabilitation Act, and the ADA, individuals are encouraged to contact the Office of Compliance. 
Cir. 1975); United States v. Ballin , 144 U.S. 1, 5 
Insert graphic folio 2157 ES090915.001smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave due to a serious health condition to submit a 
medical certification issued by the employee's health care provider. Please complete Section I before giving this 
form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask 
the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306825.308. Employing offices must generally maintain 
records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees created 
for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the 
Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by 
Employing office name and contact: Employee's job title: ______________ Regular work schedule: _________ _ 
Employee's essential job functions:Check if job description is attached: 0 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your medical 
provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a 
timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to your own serious 
health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of 
FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical certification may result in a denial of your 
FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313.Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar days to return 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: Your patient has requested leave under the FMLA, as 
made applicable by the CAA. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response 
as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or ''indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information about genetic tests 
Provider's name and business address: Type of practice I Medical specialty:Telephone: ..__ _____ _ Fax: (___) ___ _ 
Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
Was medication, other than overthecounter medication, prescribed? []No 0 Yes 
0 No 0 Yes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? No 0 Yes If so, expected delivery date:3. Use the information provided by the employing office in Section I to answer this question. If the employing 
office fails to provide a list of the employee's essential functions or a job description, answer these questions 
based upon the employee's own description of his/her job functions. 
Is the employee unable to perform any of his/her job functions due to the condition: 0 No Yes 
If so, identify the job functions the employee is unable to perform: 
4. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the employee seeks leave (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
Insert graphic folio 2159 ES090915.003smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE5. Will the employee be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time due to his/her medical condition, 
including any time for treatment and recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: 6. Will the employee need to attend followup treatment appointments or work parttime or on a reduced schedule 
because ofthe employee's medical condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, are the treatments or the reduced number of hours of work medically necessary? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
Estimate the parttime or reduced work schedule the employee needs, if any: 
7. Will the condition cause episodic flareups periodically preventing the employee from performing his/her job 
Is it medically necessary for the employee to be absent from work during the flareups? 0 No 0 Yes 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flareups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
Insert graphic folio 2160 ES090915.004smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDate 
Insert graphic folio 2161 ES090915.005smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety. health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave to care for a covered family member with a serious 
health condition to submit a medical certification issued by the health care provider of the covered family member. 
Please complete Section I before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not 
required to use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA 
regulations issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306825.308. 
Employing offices must generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, 
or medical histories of employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in 
separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic 
Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
Employing office name and contact: INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your family member 
or his/her medical provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that 
you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave to care for a 
covered family member with a serious health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is 
required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical 
certification may result in a denial of your FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313. Your employing office must 
give you at least 15 calendar days to return this form to your employing office. OOC regulations at 825.305(b ). 
Your Name:~~~~~~Name offamily member for whom you will provide care: ::::·::::::,.~Relationship of family member to you:·If family member is your son or daughter, date of birth:··Describe care you will provide to your family member and estimate leave needed to provide care: 
Insert graphic folio 2162 ES090915.006smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEEmployee Signature Date 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed above has requested leave under 
the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for your patient. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable 
parts below. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your 
answer should be your best estimate based upon your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA coverage. Limit your responses to the condition for which the patient needs leave. Do not provide 
Provider's name and business address:·Type of practice I Medical specialty: 
I. Approximate date condition commenced:Probable duration of condition:Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? IJ No 11 Yes 
DNo DYes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? D No DYes If so, expected delivery date: ______ _ 
3. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the patient needs care (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
Insert graphic folio 2163 ES090915.007smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEWhen answering these questions, keep in mind that your 
patient's need for care by the employee seeking leave may include assistance with basic medical, hygienic, 
nutritional, safety or transportation needs, or the provision of physical or psychological care: 
4. Will the patient be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and 
Estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: During this time, will the patient need care? 0 No 0 Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient and why such care is medically necessary: 5. Will the patient require followup treatments, including any time for recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: 6. Will the patient require care on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, including any time for recovery? 
Estimate the hours the patient needs care on an intem1ittent basis, if any: 
Insert graphic folio 2164 ES090915.008smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE7. Will the condition cause episodic flareups periodically preventing the patient from participating in normal daily 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flareups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
Does the patient need care during these flareups? D No D Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: ··147 
Insert graphic folio 2165 ES090915.009smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSESignature of Health Care Provider Date: 
Insert graphic folio 2166 ES090915.010smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
In general, to be eligible a covered employee must have worked for an employing office for at least 12 months and 
have worked at least 1,250 hours in the 12 months preceding the leave. While use of this form by employing offices 
is optional, a fully completed form provides employees with the information required by the FMLA regulations 
within five business days of the employee notifying the employing office of the need for FMLA leave. Part B 
provides employees with information regarding their rights and responsibilities for taking FMLA leave, as required 
On _________ , you informed us that you needed leave beginning on _________ for: 
0 The birth of a child, or placement of a child with you for adoption or foster care; 
0 Because you are needed to care for your 0 spouse; 0 child; 0 parent due to his/her serious health condition. 
Because of a qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that your 0 spouse; 0 son or daughter; [J parent is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status with the Armed Forces. 
0 Because you are the [J spouse; 0 son or daughter; 0 parent; 0 next of kin of a covered servicemember with a 
Are eligible for FMLA leave (See Part B below for Rights and Responsibilities) 
0 Are not eligible for FMLA leave, because (only one reason need be checked, although you may not be eligible 
0 You have not met the FMLA's 12month length of service requirement. As ofthe first date of requested 
leave, you will have worked approximately __ months towards this requirement. 
0 You have not met the FMLA 's I ,250hoursworked requirement. 
If you have any questions, contact: or view the FMLA poster located in 
Insert graphic folio 2167 ES090915.011smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE!PART BRIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR TAKING FMLA LEAVE! 
As explained in Part A, you meet the eligibility requirements for taking FMLA leave and still have FMLA leave 
available in the applicable 12month period. However, in order for us to determine whether your absence 
qualifies as FMLA leave, you must return the following information to us by_:::~:~:­
(If a certification is requested, employing offices must allow at least 15 calendar days from receipt of this notice; 
additional time may be required in some circumstances.) If sufficient information is not provided in a timely 
0 Sufficient certification to support your request for FMLA leave. A certification form that sets forth the 
information necessary to support your request is/_ is not enclosed. 
0 Sufficient documentation to establish the required relationship between you and your family member. 
0 Other information needed (such as documentation for military family leave):C No additional information requested 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave, you will have the following responsibilities while on FMLA leave 
continue to make your share of the premium payments on your health insurance to maintain health benefits 
while you are on leave. You have a minimum 30day (or, indicate longer period, if applicable) grace period in 
which to make premium payments. If payment is not made timely, your group health insurance may be 
cancelled, provided we notifY you in writing at least 15 days before the date that your health coverage will 
lapse, or, at our option, we may pay your share of the premiums during FMLA leave, and recover these 
0 You will be required to use your available paid sick, vacation, and/or _other leave during your 
FMLA absence. This means that you will receive your paid leave and the leave will also be considered 
protected FMLA leave and counted against your FMLA leave entitlement. 
o Due to your status within the company, you are considered a "key employee" as defined in the FMLA. As a 
"key employee," restoration to employment may be denied following FMLA leave on the grounds that such 
restoration will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to us. We _have/_ have not determined 
that restoring you to employment at the conclusion of FMLA leave will cause substantial and grievous 
D While on leave you will be required to furnish us with periodic reports of your status and intent to return to work 
every . (Indicate interval of periodic reports, as appropriate for the particular 
If the circumstances of your leave change, and you are able to return to work earlier than the date indicated 
on this form, you will be required to notify us at least two workdays prior to the date you intend to report for 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave you will have the following rights while on FMLA leave: 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave in a 12month period calculated as: 
Insert graphic folio 2168 ES090915.012smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE0 the calendar year (January December). 
0 a fixed leave year based on. _______________________ _ 
l] the 12month period measured forward from the date of your first FMLA leave usage. 
0 a "rolling" 12month period measured backward from the date of any FMLA leave usage. 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 
26 weeks of unpaid leave in a single 12month period to care 
for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This single 12month period commenced on 
• Your health benefits must be maintained during any period of unpaid leave under the same conditions as if 
• You must be reinstated to the same or an equivalent job with the same pay, benefits, and terms and 
conditions of employment on your return from FMLAprotected leave. (If your leave extends beyond the 
end of your FMLA entitlement, you do not have return rights under FMLA.) 
• If you do not return to work following FMLA leave for a reason other than: l) the continuation, recurrence, 
or onset of a serious health condition which would entitle you to FMLA leave; 2) the continuation, 
recurrence, or onset of a covered servicemember's serious injury or illness which would entitle you to 
FMLA leave; or 3) other circumstances beyond your control, you may be required to reimburse us for our 
share of health insurance premiums paid on your behalf during your FMLA leave. 
• If we have not informed you above that you must use accrued paid leave while taking your unpaid FMLA 
leave entitlement, you have the right to have sick, __ vacation, and/or other leave run 
concurrently with your unpaid leave entitlement, provided you meet any applicable requirements of the 
leave policy. Applicable conditions related to the substitution of paid leave are referenced or set forth 
below. If you do not meet the requirements for taking paid leave, you remain entitled to take unpaid FMLA 
0 For a copy of conditions applicable to sick/vacation/other leave usage please refer to 
__________ available at: 0 Applicable conditions for use of paid leave:Once we obtain the information from you as specified above, we will inform you, within 5 business days, 
whether your leave will be designated as FMLA leave and count towards your FMLA leave entitlement. If 
you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact: at 
Insert graphic folio 2169 ES090915.013smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Leave covered under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional 
Accountability Act (CAA), must be designated as FMLAprotected and the employing office must inform the 
employee of the amount of leave that will be counted against the employee's FMLA leave entitlement. In 
order to determine whether leave is covered under the FMLA, the employing office may request that the 
leave be supported by a certification. If the certification is incomplete or insufficient, the employing office 
must state in writing what additional information is necessary to make the certification complete and 
sufficient. While use of this form by employing offices is optional, a fully completed form provides an easy 
method of providing employees with the written information required by the regulations issued by the Office 
We have reviewed your request for leave under the FMLA and any supporting documentation that you have 
provided. We received your most recent infonnation on and decided: 
__ Your FMLA leave request is approved. All leave taken for this reason will be designated as FMLA leave. 
The FMLA requires that you notify us as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are 
extended, or were initially unknown. Based on the information you have provided to date, we are providing 
the following information about the amount of time that will be counted against your leave entitlement: 
Provided there is no deviation from your anticipated leave schedule, the following number of hours, days, or 
weeks will be counted against your leave entitlement: Because the leave you will need will be unscheduled, it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks 
that will be counted against your FMLA entitlement at this time. You have the right to request this 
infonnation once in a 30day period (if leave was taken in the 30day period). 
__ You have requested to use paid leave during your FMLA leave. Any paid leave taken for this reason will 
__ We are requiring you to substitute or use paid leave during your FMLA leave. 
You will be required to present a fitnessforduty certificate to be restored to employment. If such certification 
is not timely received, your return to work may be delayed until certification is provided. A list of the 
essential functions of your position_ is __ is not attached. If attached, the fitnessforduty certification must 
Additional information is needed to determine if your FMLA leave request can be approved: 
The certification you have provided is not complete and sufficient to detennine whether the FMLA applies to 
your leave request. You must provide the following infonnation no later than __ _ 
unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances despite your diligent good faith efforts, or your 
(Specify information needed to make certification complete and sufficient) 
Insert graphic folio 2170 ES090915.014smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE__ We are exercising our right to have you obtain a second or third opinion medical certification at our expense, 
and we will provide further details at a later time. 
The FMLA does not apply to your leave request. 
You have exhausted your FMLA leave entitlement in the applicable 12month period. 
Insert graphic folio 2171 ES090915.015smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing saftty, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
(Family and Medical Leave Act. as made applicable by the 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency to submit a certification. Please complete Section I 
before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary, and while you are not required to use this 
form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued 
by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.309. 
Employing office name:Contact Information:·INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II fully and completely. The FMLA, as made 
applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient 
certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency. Several questions in this section seek 
a response as to the frequency or duration of the qualifYing exigency. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Your response is required to 
obtain a benefit. OOC regulations at 825.310. While you are not required to provide this information, failure to do so 
may result in a denial of your request for FMLA leave. Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar 
days to return this form to your employing office. 
Name of military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status: 
Relationship of military member to you:Period of military member's covered active duty:A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency includes 
written documentation confirming a military member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
Please check one of the following and attach the indicated document to support that the military member is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
A copy of the military member's covered active duty orders is attached. 
Other documentation from the military certifYing that the military member is on covered active duty (or has 
been notified of an impending call to covered active duty) is attached. 
I have previously provided my employing office with sufficient written documentation confirming the military 
member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
Insert graphic folio 2172 ES090915.016smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE1. Describe the reason you are requesting FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency (including the specific 
2. A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency 
includes any available written documentation which supports the need for leave; such documentation may 
include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a 
document confirming the military member's Rest and Recuperation leave; a document confirming an 
appointment with a third party, such as a counselor or school official, or staff at a care facility; or a copy of 
a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs. Available written documentation supporting 
1. Approximate date exigency commenced:Probable duration of exigency:2. Will you need to be absent from work for a single continuous period of time due to the qualifYing 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of absence: 
3. Will you need to be absent from work periodically to address this qualifYing exigency? 0 Yes [J No 
Estimate schedule of leave, including the dates of any scheduled meetings or appointments: 
Estimate the frequency and duration of each appointment, meeting, or leave event, including any travel 
time (i.e., 1 deploymentrelated meeting every month lasting 4 hours): 
If leave is requested to meet with a third party (such as to arrange for childcare, to attend counseling, to attend 
meetings with school, childcare or parental care providers, to make financial or legal arrangements, to act as the 
military member's representative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging or 
appealing military service benefits, or to attend any event sponsored by the military or military service 
organizations), a complete and sufficient certification includes the name, address, and appropriate contact 
Insert graphic folio 2173 ES090915.017smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEinfonnation of the individual or entity with whom you are meeting (i.e., either the telephone or fax number or email 
address of the individual or entity). This infonnation may be used by your employing office to verif'y that the 
Telephone:(. ___ ) ___________ _ Fax:~ ___ ) ______________ ___ 
Describe nature of meeting:I certify that the infonnation I provided above is true and correct. 
Insert graphic folio 2174 ES090915.018smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a current servicemember to submit a certification 
providing sufficient facts to support the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to 
use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations 
issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must 
generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of 
employees or employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate 
files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information 
Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE or CURRENT SERVICEMEMBER: Please complete Section I before 
having Section II completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require 
that an employee submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to 
a serious injury or illness of a servicemember. If requested by the employing office, your response is required to 
obtain or retain the benefit ofFMLAprotected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial of an employee's 
days to return this form to the employing office. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed on Page 2 has requested leave 
under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member who is a current member of the 
Regular Armed Forces, the National Guard, or the Reserves who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or 
therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list for a serious injury or 
illness. For purposes of FMLA leave, a serious injury or illness is one that was incurred in the line of duty on active 
duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member's active duty and was aggravated by 
service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of his or her office, grade, rank, or rating. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a covered servicemember's 
serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the servicemember's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or if not, that the current servicemember' s injury or illness existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces, and that the current servicemember is undergoing treatment for such injury or illness by a health 
care provider listed above. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as 
Insert graphic folio 2175 ES090915.019smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEto the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the servicemember's condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information 
(This section must be completed first before any of the below sections can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and Address of Employing Office (this is the employing office ofthe employee requesting leave to care for 
Name of Employee Requesting Leave to Care for Current Servicemember: 
Name of the Current Servicemember (for whom employee is requesting leave to care): 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter ONextofKin 
If yes, please provide the servicemember's military branch, rank and unit currently assigned to: 
Is the servicemember assigned to a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or to a unit 
established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving 
medical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit)? 
If yes, please provide the name of the medical treatment facility or unit: 
Insert graphic folio 2176 ES090915.020smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDescribe the Care to Be Provided to the Current Servicemember and an Estimate of the Leave Needed to Provide the 
If you are unable to make certain of the militaryrelated determinations contained below in Part B, you are 
permitted to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care 
(Please ensure that Section I above has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the 
0 (VSI) Very Seriously Ill/Injured Illness/Injury is of such a severity that life is imminently 
endangered. Family members are requested at bedside immediately. (Please note this is an internal DOD 
0 (SI) Seriously Ill/Injured Illness/injmy is of such severity that there is cause for immediate concern, 
but there is no imminent danger to life. Family members are requested at bedside. (Please note this is an 
internal DOD casualty assistance designation used by DOD healthcare providers.) 
0 OTHER Ill/Injured a serious injury or illness that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of the member's office, grade, rank, or rating. 
0 NONE OF THE ABOVE (Note to Employee: If this box is checked, you may still be eligible to take 
leave to care for a covered family member with a "serious health condition" under 825.113 of the FMLA, 
Insert graphic folio 2177 ES090915.021smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEas made applicable by the CAA. If such leave is requested, you may be required to complete the OOC's 
optional certification form (Form B) or an employing officeprovided form seeking the same information.) 
the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces? D Yes [J No 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy: 
If yes, estimate the beginning and ending dates for this period of time: 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flareups of medical condition)? DYes D No. 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care: 
Insert graphic folio 2178 ES090915.022smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safoty, health. and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), 
provides that an employing office may require an employee seeking military caregiver leave under the FMLA leave 
due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran to submit a certification providing sufficient facts to support 
the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask the 
employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must generally maintain records 
and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees or employees' 
family members, created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual 
personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE and/or VETERAN: Please complete Section I before having Section II 
completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that an employee 
submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for military caregiver leave under the 
FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran. If requested by the employing office, your 
response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLAprotected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial 
least 15 calendar days to return this form to the employing office. 
(This section must be completed before Section II can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and address of employing office (this is the employing office of the employee requesting leave to care for a 
Name of employee requesting leave to care for a veteran: 
Name of veteran (for whom employee is requesting leave): 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter 0 Next of Kin 0 ________ (please specif'y relationship): 
Insert graphic folio 2179 ES090915.023smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE( 1) Date of the veteran's discharge: 
( 4) Is the veteran receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness? 
Describe the care to be provided to the veteran and an estimate of the leave needed to provide the care: 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee named in Section I has requested leave under 
the military caregiver leave provision of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member 
who is a veteran. For purposes of FMLA military caregiver leave, a serious injury or illness means an injury or 
illness incurred by the servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or that existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces) and manifested itself before or after the servicemember became a veteran, and is: 
a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of the 
(ii) a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans 
Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and such V ASRD rating is 
based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) a physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or follow 
a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or 
(iv) an injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran has been enrolled in 
the Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA military caregiver leave due to a covered 
veteran's serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the veteran's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or existed before the beginning of the veteran's active duty and was 
aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty, and that the veteran is undergoing treatment, recuperation, 
or therapy for such injury or illness by a health care provider listed above. Answer 
applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. 
Your answer should be your best estimate based upon your 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA military caregiver leave coverage. Limit your responses to the veteran's condition for which the 
(Please ensure that Section I has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the form on 
the last page and return this form to the employee requesting leave (See Section I, Part A above). DO NOT SEND 
Health care provider's name and business address:Telephone: ('~ ___ _ __________ Fax:{~ _____ __ 
0 a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider 
0 a DOD nonnetwork TRICARE authorized private health care provider 
Note: If you are unable to make certain of the militaryrelated determinations contained in Part B, you are permitted 
to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as, DOD Recovery Care Coordinator) or 
A continuation of a serious injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran 
was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of 
D A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50% or higher, and such V ASRD 
rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave. 
D A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or 
follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military 
0 An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran is enrolled in the 
Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
on active duty in the Armed Forces? DYes D No 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy:"Need for care" encompasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for example, due to 
his or her serious injury or illness, the veteran is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or 
nutritional needs or safety, or is unable to transport him or herself to the doctor. It also includes providing 
psychological comfort and reassurance which would be beneficial to the veteran who is receiving inpatient or home 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flareups of medical condition)? l; Yes No 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care:Signature of Health Care Provider: Date:164 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General David R. Hogg, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Special Local Regulation; Southern California Annual Marine 
2802. A letter from the Chair of the Board 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Rules. House Resolution 420. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 758) to amend rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules. (Rept. 114–261). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Resolution 421. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion; and for other purposes. (Rept. 114–262). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 8. A bill to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Education and the Workforce, Oversight and Government Reform, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Ms. MOORE , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 3511. A bill to clarify the status of the 
North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. HINOJOSA , Ms. H AHN, Ms. M AXINE  
California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
BONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
GALLEGO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ECK 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL  
Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 3512. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to clarify the Federal Pell Grant duration limits of borrowers who attend an institution of higher education that closes or commits fraud or other misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
ELLISON , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S ARBANES ): 
H.R. 3513. A bill to ensure greater affordability of prescription drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. POLIS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Texas, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mrs. HARTZLER , Ms. F OXX, and 
H.R. 3515. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit dismemberment abortions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. C OLE, Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R OSKAM , 
H.R. 3516. A bill to amend the Social Security Act relating to the use of determinations made by the Commissioner; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3517. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code to enhance oversight of the American National Red Cross by the Government Accountability Office and Inspectors General at the Departments of Homeland Security, Treasury, and State, and require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a pilot program with the American National Red Cross to research and develop mechanisms for the Department to better leverage social media to improve preparedness and response capabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3518. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prohibit the use of amounts from the Asset Forfeiture Fund for the Domestic Cannabis Suppression/Eradication Program of the Drug Enforcement Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
to encourage the use of shared appreciation mortgage modifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Health Service Act to establish an interagency coordinating committee on pulmonary hypertension, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
data collection for use in stock assessments of red snapper and other reef fish species in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. ELLISON, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to register to vote in elections for Federal office in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
herself, Ms. EDWARDS , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M AXINE  
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. H AHN, and 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide for the eligibility of Transportation Security Administration employees to receive public safety officers’ death benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. ELLISON, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. L EE, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
H.R. 3524. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to prohibit the use of consumer credit checks against prospective and current employees for the purposes of making adverse employment decisions; to the 
H.R. 3525. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a pilot program to award grants and loan guarantees to hospitals to carry out projects for the purpose of reducing energy costs and increasing resilience to improve security; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
SCHIFF , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
COHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K EATING , Mr. T ED 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. 
Species Act of 1973 to extend the import and exportrelated provision of that Act to species proposed for listing as threatened or endangered under that Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3528. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to provide enhanced enforcement authority for occupational safety and health protections applicable to the legislative branch, to provide whistleblower protections and other antidiscrimation protections for employees of the legislative branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3529. A bill to require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to study the feasibility of constructing an aramid synthetic fiber aqueduct to transport water from Oregon to California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
(for herself, Mr. HONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B RADY of 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
minimum sentences for all drug offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B EYER , Ms. 
ALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. L EWIS): 
H. Con. Res. 77. Concurrent resolution recognizing the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Land Little League Team of Lewisberry, Pennsylvania for the performance of the team in the 2015 Little League World Series; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. WHITFIELD , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H UNTER , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H URDof 
Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B YRNE , and 
for the designation of October 2015 as Special Operations Forces Appreciation Month in order to honor members of United States Special Operations Forces for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. MEMORIALS 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 19, urging the Congress of the United States to enact legislation allowing immigrants to serve in the military if they are eligible under the President’s Executive Order for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or Executive Order for Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 18, urging the Congress of the United States to support H.R. 167, the federal Wildfire Disaster Funding Act; jointly to the Committees on the Budget, Agriculture, and Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 8. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3511. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3512. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3513. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3515. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
unborn children under the Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
H.R. 3516. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3517. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3518. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States). 
H.R. 3519. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
H.R. 3520. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3521. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3522. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 3523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce) of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under the following provisions of the United States Constitution: 
Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
H.R. 3526. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3527. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States;’’ 
H.R. 3528. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 3529. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 3530. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 188: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 209: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
H.R. 317: Ms. L OFGREN and Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 381: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 546: Ms. E STYand Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 583: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 665: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
Mr. N UNES , and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 842: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. W ESTMORE LAND . 
H.R. 846: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 869: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. W ALZ, and Ms. 
H.R. 879: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. W HITFIELD , and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1133: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. K INGof New 
York, and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 1271: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 1427: Mr. M EEHAN and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. J OYCE and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 1526: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Ms. 
H.R. 1600: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D EUTCH and Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 1624: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. J ONES , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
SANFORD , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and 
H.R. 1670: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. T AKANO , and 
H.R. 1779: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ETERS , 
H.R. 1786: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. J ENKINS of West 
H.R. 1859: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 2010: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2050: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2366: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. R EED, Mr. T AKAI, and Ms. 
H.R. 2639: Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 2675: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. E STY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
H.R. 2737: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. M CGOVERN. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2824: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2855: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2867: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. E DDIE 
H.R. 2901: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
New Mexico, Mr. U PTON , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. 
H.R. 2940: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2980: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 3051: Mr. N ADLER and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3084: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. 
H.R. 3129: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. A USTIN  
New Mexico, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
H.R. 3202: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 3229: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 3243: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C A´RDENAS ,, Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 3338: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ILL, 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. S LAUGH TER. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. 
H.R. 3429: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3442: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 3455: Mr. N ADLER and Miss R ICEof 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
HILL, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. Y ODER , Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M URPHY of 
WESTERMAN , and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 3497: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
H.R. 3504: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. D ENHAM , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
H. Res. 210: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
H. Res. 293: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
H. Res. 348: Ms. E SHOO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 393: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. F OSTER . 
H. Res. 394: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 3504 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Representative GOODLATTE , or a designee, to 
H.R. 348, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6661 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 2015 No. 133 