amidst the troubling picture coming out of the Israeli elections, there was some good news from the Middle East for a change. The Israeli Government announced that it would double the amount of water it sells to Gaza from 5 million to 10 million cubic meters annually. This is positive momentum we must build upon because, while it is an important step, the quantity is insufficient to prevent a humanitarian disaster looming for Gaza and the region. 
from Gaza into Israel were not the only things underground that should generate public concern. Without rapid action, the drinking water beneath Gaza, or the lack thereof, poses a threat to the region that is as severe or worse than Hamas’ tunnels. That is because the coastal aquifer, the only source of drinking water for 1.8 million Gazans, is near collapse, as soon as 2016. 
Aviv, Gaza cannot currently meet its water needs from within its boundaries. That dynamic is compounded by the fact that Gaza’s population is rapidly increasing and now consumes three times the amount of water that 
The massive amount of water withdrawn from the aquifer over the last several decades has allowed salty Mediterranean seawater to contaminate the drinking water at an everincreasing rate. A 2012 United Nations report said that 90 percent of the coastal aquifer salinity levels were too great for drinking purposes. Today that figure is 95 percent. By the end of 2016, the entire aquifer will be unfit for human consumption. And unless action is taken, by 2020, that damage will be irreversible. 
not have large and modern sewage treatment plants and operations. The sewage from 1.8 million Gazans further pollutes the groundwater and risks the outbreak of pandemic diseases like cholera and typhoid. Sewage remains untreated as 90,000 cubic meters of raw sewage, flows into the Mediterranean every day. 
warned about Hamas’ tunnels long before they were used, but Israeli politicians chose not to take their counsel. 
have been warning for many years about the imminent collapse of Gaza’s 
coastal aquifer, but too many politicians everywhere have failed to respond. 
Israel’s important move to authorize additional water into Gaza, we shouldn’t overstate its impact in averting the region’s looming water crisis. 
of Gazans actually rush to the fences, trying to get to Egypt or Israel for water? What happens if the water crisis broadens the appeal of Hamas’ malice in Gaza? 
where the collapse of civil order and the civil war was precipitated by persistent drought that drove people from the countryside into the city. Such dire outcomes in Gaza could be avoided if additional and immediate longterm measures were employed. 
Israel has the potential to double— overnight—the quantity of water supplied to Gaza. A wastewater treatment plant recently built under the management of the World Bank in Gaza could reduce by a third the amount of untreated wastewater that pollutes both the groundwater and the beaches of Israel and Gaza. 
It is clearly in Israel’s interest to facilitate the privatepublic partnerships that lead to greater energy independence and assist the Palestinian Water Authority. 
Strengthening the Palestinian Authority by increasing the flow of water into Gaza and dealing with the sanitation crisis weakens Hamas and highlights their inability to provide public services. 
troubling for the future of Israeli politics and a twostate solution, long the policy of the United States and, until recently, the leadership of Israel. 
But taking action on water and sanitation is a small, critical, important 
benefit Israelis and Palestinians alike. I hope this will be an important focus for those of us in Congress as we look at our aid packages going forward. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 
today in remembrance of Wynona Haydon, a beloved woman who recently passed away into the loving arms of our Lord. 
Haydon after graduating from high school, and then she began her career as an assistant with the Department of Defense. Throughout her 36year career, she held positions at the Pentagon and at Military Ocean Terminal Sunny Point in North Carolina. There, she met General James Doolittle, General Omar Bradley, and General Dwight D. Eisenhower. She helped usher in the postwar era, alongside many other military officers and personnel. 
an American, and she was equally proud of being a North Carolinian. 
she was ‘‘made of the stuff that makes life worth living.’’ Though known only by those lucky enough to come within her orbit, Wynona lived a life of honesty and hard work, and instilled those traits in her son, her grandson, and her many nieces and nephews. 
mother and grandmother, a smiling joy and inspiration to her friends and those who came in contact with her. In short, Wynona Haydon lived a long and contributing life which brightened the lives of many others, including mine. 
her family and the members of Temple Baptist Church, who are mourning the loss of a beloved woman. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
the release of yesterday’s budget, it is official: Republicans have declared war on poor working families in this country. I am deeply disappointed, but I can’t say that I am all that surprised. 
slashes safety net programs that provide critical assistance to low and middleincome families while offering big tax breaks to the superwealthy. I have seen this movie before. I didn’t like it the first time, and I sure don’t like it now. 
Following in the footsteps of the recent Ryan budgets, Chairman PRICE’s 
budget guts the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, the 
Nation’s premier antihunger program. Like Republican budgets of past years, this year’s budget converts SNAP into a block grant for States. 
we know it. Previous estimates of the impact of block granting SNAP show that it will result in about $130 billion in cuts to the program. A cut of that magnitude to SNAP would have serious harmful consequences to the 46 million Americans who relied on SNAP last year to put food on their tables. 
a number of other devastating funding cuts to programs that support children, families, and seniors. The Republican budget would end the Medicare guarantees, block grant Medicaid, and repeal the Affordable Care Act, which has helped 16.4 million Americans gain affordable, highquality health insurance. 
reconciliation instructions to the Agriculture Committee, requiring additional cuts to programs within the committee’s jurisdiction. 
year’s farm bill because it included an $8.6 billion cut to SNAP, but the Agriculture Committee finished its work on a reauthorization bill. It is done. We should not be reopening the farm bill in this budget process. 
cut by nearly $20 billion in recent years, with cuts coming in both the farm bill and with the expiration of the ARRA provisions that resulted in an acrosstheboard cut for all SNAP beneficiaries. Every single one of those who were on SNAP received a cut. We certainly should not be making hunger worse by cutting our premier antihunger program even further. 
with attacking SNAP just doesn’t make sense. SNAP is one of the most effective and efficient of all Federal programs. Its error rate is at an all time low, and that includes underpayments as well as overpayments. And in recent years, USDA has successfully cracked down on trafficking of SNAP benefits. 
The purpose of SNAP is to feed hungry people, which it does. SNAP is a program that works. Without SNAP, hunger would be much worse in this country. 
that SNAP spending and caseloads have already begun to decline and will continue to do so as our economy continues to recover from the Great Recession. We also know that SNAP is not contributing to our longterm deficit. According to CBO, its share of the economy will continue to decline. 
Mr. Speaker, we should not be balancing the Federal budget on the backs of the working poor, period. Cutting food assistance and making hunger worse in this country will not solve our fiscal challenges. SNAP is not the problem. For Republicans, cuts to programs 
for lowincome Americans might rally their base, but it won’t solve our budget challenges. Poor and working families did not cause our fiscal problems. 
But time and time again, programs that help them survive tough times and provide them with opportunities to get out of poverty are always targeted for drastic cuts. 
me is that the poorest and most vulnerable Americans continue to be the target of false and often meanspirited rhetoric in this Chamber. It is time for that to stop. 
be strengthening the program. We should be increasing the benefits so it enables struggling individuals and families to afford more healthy foods, including fresh fruits and vegetables. The current SNAP benefit is already woefully inadequate, about $1.40 per person per meal, and many families run out of food 3 weeks into the month because the benefit level already is so low. 
one of the biggest flaws in our social safety net, the socalled food stamp cliff, where someone gets a job and loses their benefits but still earns so little that they end up worse off and are back to struggling to put food on their table. 
are not just about priorities. They are moral documents that represent a vision for this country. 
yesterday’s budget is deeply troubling. We should be striving to make the lives of every American better. We should be striving to end hunger now. Unfortunately, the Republican budget does neither of those things. Instead, it makes hunger worse in this country. And that, to be blunt, is shameful. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, today I would like to address Russia and its aggression in Ukraine. 
ruler whose goal is to stifle opposition and turn away from a failing economy, corruption, and authoritarianism in his own country by creating the semblance of economic stability and popular support for his rule. 
strive to ensure that the story of oppression and authoritarianism is not allowed to continue. 
of the West from his regime and his failing economy in Russia by directing the Russian people to an external enemy which has the potential to become a model of Western democracy, and that country is Ukraine. 
Just over a year ago, not even a week 
record $50 billion to boost his popularity in Russia and in the world, Putin quickly shed the garb of a successful 
master of ceremonies and sent his troops to reclaim and illegally annex Crimea, then trump up a referendum in an attempt to justify this annexation. 
the Russian military to try to tamp down calls for democracy in Ukraine, Putin planned to send a signal to Russian citizens and the world that he remained popular and strong in the face of growing calls from protesters in Ukraine for proRussian President Yanukovych to step down. 
But Putin’s goal to maintain his popularity through military force failed. Although Putin temporarily conjured up nationalist sentiment in Russia with his annexation of Ukraine, polls show that the majority of Russian citizens oppose sending Russian troops to fight in Ukraine, diminishing his popularity at home. 
Meanwhile, Putin continued to ignore, with impunity, calls by the United States and Europe to reverse the illegal annexation of Crimea and remove Russian military forces. Not only did Putin refuse to withdraw forces from those countries or reverse Crimea’s annexation, he armed pro Russian separatists in Ukraine with Russian surfacetoair missiles, which downed a civilian airliner and killed nearly 300 passengers and crew, to the horror of the United States and Western Europe, just after the Sochi Olympics. 
in early December 2014, I underlined my deep concerns, shared by my constituents, about Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova. I appreciate your overwhelming support of H. Res. 758 condemning Russian aggression as a violation of international law and a breach of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova. 
did not listen to us or our allies. Just a month later, in January of 2015, Russian troops reengaged with Ukrainian forces in the Donbass region of Ukraine, breaking the ceasefire protocol signed in Minsk in September of 2014. 
Russia, France, and Germany agreed to reinstate a ceasefire on February 12 of this year, Russian forces violated the agreement within days, attacking a railway hub in Ukraine and threatening other strategic cities. Russia’s inability to honor a ceasefire underlines the importance of expanding the scope of U.S. military assistance to Ukraine, including the provision of lethal military weapons. 
Putin and his advisers have consistently denied that economic sanctions have hurt Russia, adding that the drop in the price of oil has resulted in plunging Russia’s GDP and lowering the standard of living in Russia. In addition to suffering economically, Russians have enjoyed no freedom of expression under Putin’s rule. Such denial of basic human freedoms await the citizens of Ukraine should Russian aggression continue. 
stifling of dissent to his authoritarian rule is the ‘‘unexplained’’ gunning down of prominent and popular opposition leader Boris Nemtsov in front of the Kremlin just 36 hours before a rally he had planned to lead to protest corruption and direct military involvement in Ukraine. Not only was Nemtsov a threat to Putin, he was fearless. He exposed the truth of Putin’s rule, his corrupt practices, and the fraudulent elections he held in 2011 and 2012 that allowed him to return to the presidency. Former Prime Minister Kasyanov stated that there was only one explanation for the murder: ‘‘He was shot for telling the truth.’’ 
made clear our path forward. We must convince the administration to change U.S. policy toward Russia. Putin’s aggression in Ukraine and violation of the most recent ceasefire are linked to the assassination and are directing people’s attention away from Russian corruption and authoritarianism and toward an external threat of democracy. 
work to restore the country’s territorial integrity and ensure Russian military forces are removed from sovereign nations. We must convince our President that Putin’s continuation of a war in Ukraine is a desperate attempt to divert attention. 
Nadiya Savchenko, the Ukrainian Air Force pilot who remains a prisoner in Russia. And I call on the administration and Congress to fund lethal military assistance to the Ukrainian Government. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) for 5 minutes. 
today in opposition of the antimiddle class budget introduced yesterday by the House Republicans. 
I view a budget as a statement of priorities. Where we allocate our resources is a clear demonstration that we value our priorities as a nation. This budget moves the middle class backward, hurts families across my region, the State of Illinois, and in our Nation. 
Their budget makes deep cuts to investments in education, such as Pell grants. I view education as a longterm down payment not only for the lives of individual students and families, but for the future of our country. 
State that I am privileged to represent, and I spoke with community college students about programs that help make college affordable and accessible 
to them. I spoke with a young lady named Annalea, who attends Spoon River College in Canton, Illinois. 
her family. She has been raised by a single mother. Her father was addicted to drugs and left their family in debt. She is a fulltime community college student and also works 38 hours a week as a cashier at a local grocery store. Her family relies on her income to help make ends meet. She depends on Pell grants and student loans to finance her education, which she knows is a path for a better life ahead. 
she can one day work as a school psychologist and help other students with the same kind of problems that she has had to go through herself. She knows that access to education is a key pathway to success for her and other students in our region, throughout our State and throughout our Nation. She wants to give back to the community that has given her an opportunity to move beyond the circumstances in which she was born. 
students like Annalea and the future of our communities, not slash spending on our young people’s futures. Let’s stop pulling the rug from underneath our students and saddling them with a lifetime of debt. We need a budget that invests in working families and in the middle class and creates opportunity for all to succeed in today’s economy. 
would call a commonsense approach to give more flexibility to Pell grant recipients so students can take advantage of this program year round. Many of those who would benefit most are nontraditional students who want to complete their courses faster so they can get back into the workforce and also with smaller student loan debt. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to join with me and support our young people, our students, and the economic wellbeing of our communities by opposing these shortsighted cuts to investments in our young people. 
today to speak on a bill that I have just introduced, my first as a Member of this body. 
The Land Acquisition to cut the National Debt, or LAND Act, is a commonsense piece of legislation that would prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from using Federal dollars to purchase land, resulting in a net increase in acreage under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife, and the Bureau of 
budget is balanced for the year in which the land would be purchased. The same would go for the Secretary of Agriculture. Unless the Federal budget for the given year is balanced, no net increase in the land acreage may be included in the National Forest system. 
may wonder why I have chosen to take up this charge in the 114th Congress. For my friends on both sides of the aisle, many of whom may not be too familiar with life out West, let me give you some background. 
the national debt was over $18 trillion. As a former small business owner, the Federal Government’s spendthrift habits and utter disregard for the American taxpayer’s hardearned dollars continues to frustrate me today. Like countless Nevadans, it pains me to watch as we saddle our grandchildren with such an unsustainable debt burden, borrowing against the very future we are responsible for providing them. 
said: Don’t come to me with a problem unless you have a solution to fix it. I don’t pretend to have all the answers on the biggest issues facing this government and this country, but I do bring the private sector, Western sensibility to tackling the problem before we get too far out of hand. That is why I am introducing the LAND Act. 
Government that responsibly and efficiently managing the 640 million acres of land it already controls must be a higher priority than acquiring even more private, State, and tribal lands. Think about that number for a moment, Mr. Speaker: 640 million acres. That is roughly onethird of the United States. And on those acres that the Federal bureaucracy has kept within its iron grip, there is currently existing an estimated deferred maintenance backlog of $23 billion—that is with a B. 
people, Mr. Speaker? It tells them that the Federal Government has bitten off more than it can chew, and it cannot be trusted to serve as a responsible steward of even more of our lands and resources. 
Federal Government controls more than 81 percent of my State, and I think I speak for most of my constituents when I say enough is enough. It boggles the mind to think that each of the 640 million acres the Federal Government controls is too valuable to be parted with in order to improve overall management, let alone the fact that the Feds want to acquire even more land on top of an already embarrassing maintenance backlog. 
Agriculture like to tout how important land acquisition is for conserving species, providing spaces for recreation, and preserving culturally significant sites. My bill would allow them to continue to acquire land as a tool for these purposes, but it would require them to 
focus their efforts on lands that truly need oversight by turning over unnecessary land to those who are best able to manage it—the States. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. The Department would have the opportunity to net more acreage under the aforementioned agencies’ jurisdictions under my bill. That is, so long as the Federal budget is balanced for the given year. I do not believe this is too much to ask. Where I come from, in the private sector, if you don’t have a successful business plan and you don’t budget well, you go out of business. 
Wildlife, and the Park Service aren’t going out of business anytime soon, much to my chagrin, but at least we can force them to behave more like one on the land they currently control by ensuring that our tax dollars no longer go towards more land for these agencies. 
soar, we can ill afford irresponsible budgets like the Interior’s $13 billion request. We need to get our fiscal house in order, and we can help that process along by passing my bill. Let’s allow State, local, and tribal governments to invest in developing their lands, creating jobs, and growing the economy instead of letting them fall in disrepair on the Federal Government’s watch. Let’s pass the LAND Act. 
PUERTO RICO HOSPITAL MEDICARE REIMBURSEMENT EQUITY ACT AND THE PUERTO RICO MEDICARE PART B EQUITY ACT 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
am refiling two bills to eliminate disparities that Puerto Rico faces under the Federal Medicare program. 
that the only reason that I have to introduce these bills is because Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory. I look forward to the day when Puerto Rico becomes a U.S. State, when it is automatically treated fairly under Federal programs, and when the island’s elected officials no longer need to implore Congress to treat our constituents the same as their fellow American citizens. That is why, 6 weeks ago, I introduced legislation that would provide for Puerto Rico’s admission as a State once a majority of island voters affirm their desire for statehood in a federally sponsored vote. The bill already has 80 cosponsors and strong bipartisan support. 
The first bill I am filing today involves Medicare part A, which covers inpatient hospital services. The Federal Government reimburses hospitals who admit Medicare patients under a system known as the inpatient prospective payment system. The payment made to the hospital is intended to cover the operating and capital costs that a hospital incurs in furnishing 
care. Each hospital is paid a base rate, which can then be adjusted upwards based on a variety of factors. 
in New York City or rural Alaska, is paid the same base rate, about $5,870. In Puerto Rico, however, hospitals are paid a base rate that is just over $5,000, about 14 percent lower than the base rate for stateside hospitals. 
Puerto Rico and the financial stability of island hospitals. The American Hospital Association has endorsed my legislation to eliminate this unprincipled disparity, and I urge my colleagues in Congress to enact it into law. 
The second bill I am filing today involves Medicare part B, which covers doctors’ services and outpatient hospital services. Puerto Rico is the only U.S. jurisdiction where individuals who become eligible for part A are not automatically enrolled in part B, but rather must opt in to receive part B coverage. 
B during the 7month initial enrollment period, which begins several months before they turn 65 and ends several months after they turn 65, are required to pay a late enrollment penalty. The penalty is significant and lasts for as long as that individual receives Medicare. 
Rico’s detriment. There are tens of thousands of seniors on the island who enrolled late in part B, and each year, they pay millions of dollars in late penalties to the Federal Government. 
Puerto Rico who are enrolled in part A but not in part B. When those individuals seek to enroll in part B in the future, they, too, will be required to pay lifetime penalties. 
both the administrative and the legislative front. I persuaded the Federal Government to improve the written materials they make available to island seniors so that they are better informed about the part B enrollment period and the financial consequences of late enrollment. 
today that would convert Puerto Rico from the Nation’s only optin jurisdiction to an optout jurisdiction, just like every other U.S. State and territory. 
penalties now being paid by Puerto Rico seniors who enrolled late and authorize a special enrollment period during which island seniors who do not have part B could enroll on favorable terms. 
bills I am filing today. Until the day that Puerto Rico becomes a State and is treated equally as a matter of course, I will continue to fight for fair treatment for my constituents under all Federal health programs. 
HARDY ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C OLLINS ) for 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it seems now, more than any time in recent history, Christians around the world are being singled out and persecuted. 
were occurrences in Pakistan, where two churches were targeted by suicide bombers. The two attacks that occurred resulted in the deaths of 14 people and injured at least 70. 
The bombings were obviously coordinated as they occurred fairly close in proximity and time. One suicide bomber detonated inside one church, and the other was stopped at a security checkpoint and detonated when being tackled by a guard. 
Pakistan, whose track record of protecting religious minority groups is spotty at best, has a history of attacks on Christians. 
Washington Times in February, I discussed the suffering of Christians and other religious minorities around the world. 
Pakistan lynched two Christians accused of burning a Koran, and a judge sentenced a Christian to death for blasphemy. 
The State Department’s International Religious Freedom Report for 2013 highlights Pakistan’s inability to protect the religious minorities under its jurisdiction. The report speaks of Pakistan’s enforcement of blasphemy laws that restrict religious freedom and are the symbols of religious intolerance. 
condemnation of attacks on Christians and other religious communities, it has not taken proper steps to ensure the attackers of such atrocities are brought to justice. Again, it seems to be that words matter more than actions to them. Pakistan is by far not the only country to possess such a dismal record of protecting Christians. 
North Korea as countries that target Christians. Across the Middle East and North Africa, Muslim terrorist organizations search out Christians and kill them in violent and graphic ways, only because the person chose to pray to a different God. 
about what I have just said, when you think about the freedom that we have here, the very essence of our religious freedom in America is the freedom for all to express their religious beliefs or express none at all; yet all over the world, countries such as Pakistan, Islamic extremist groups such as ISIS and others—who have no part in a civilized society and need to be banished and done away with in a civilized society—choose to horrendously kill someone for whom they pray and the faith that they have. 
to worship a God that says it is okay to behead 16 Christians or to blow up their church or desecrate their facilities. It is something that must be addressed. 
just startle those of religious faith and of nonreligious faith as well; they should startle and shock the world to realize that this is something that must cease. 
as one of faith, my faith is described to me as being one in Christ with other believers. For me, when one is beheaded, we are all persecuted, including those here in our comfort in America. 
something that we talk about in the comfort of America, but must be rung loud and true throughout the world. 
You see, having a member of a common faith that is being decapitated, burned alive, impaled, or crucified, these are family members to me, but in the reality to the world, as the poet has once said: ‘‘Any man’s death diminishes me.’’ 
takes the form of religious intolerance by people who want their own views believed. 
You see, I desire now that the President seriously take into consideration the recommendation of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom. It provides recommendations to Congress and the President about the lack of religious freedoms in other countries and advises the White House on nonlethal actions that can be taken against those countries. 
that Pakistan be named as a ‘‘country of particular concern.’’ The designation of ‘‘country of particular concern’’ allows the government to use nonmilitary policies to encourage a country to increase protection for religious minorities. 
to consider looking into designating Pakistan as a ‘‘country of particular concern.’’ 
I ask the question to this administration and to the world: How many more Christians have to be blown up, how many more have to be beaten in prison, how many more have to have their heads taken off before we act? 
multitude of faiths and lack of faith. I have seen it come together and understand what we are fighting for. When we talk about those who act in the name of a God and are Islamic extremists who want nothing but to eradicate the rest of the people’s beliefs, this is something that cannot be tolerated. I cringe when I think of this. While I disagreed many times with 
the decisions made at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, I ask that this administration take this very seriously and consider religious freedom for all around the world. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
want to thank my good friend for raising an important issue about religious freedom. It certainly is critical. 
that are happening around the world, Mr. Speaker, I want to rise today to talk about the Armenian genocide that happened nearly 100 years ago. This year actually marks the 100th anniversary. 
ISIS and the brutal killings of innocent Christians in the Middle East, we must recognize the horrors of the past if we hope to avoid repeating them in the future. 
100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide, during which the Ottoman Turks systematically exterminated over 1.5 million Armenians and Christian minorities. This genocide is a fact and cannot be ignored. It is settled history. 
the responsibility and has continued to hide behind its brutal tactics that shroud violations of human rights. Even as 11 of our NATO allies and 42 U.S. States have recognized Turkey’s leading role in this atrocity, this body has yet to do so. 
sets a dangerous precedent that makes future atrocities, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, more likely. While ordering his military leaders to attack Poland, Adolf Hitler rationalized: ‘‘Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?’’ 
atrocities exist, we actually perpetuate the potential that it may happen again. We must join the international community to speak with a unified voice against this genocide. 
Truth and Justice Resolution, H. Res. 154—just dropped—would send an unequivocal message that we will never forget those that were lost, nor will we tolerate human rights abuses of any kind. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the 100th anniversary—on April 24, to be specific—of the Armenian genocide. I call on our colleagues in the United States Congress to speak out by passing the Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Resolution so that we can end the denial once and for all. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Memorial United Methodist Church, Johnson City, Tennessee, offered the following prayer: 
morning for Your goodness and mercy, Your steadfast love, and Your wonderful grace. Holy is Your name. 
men who represent the people across this land. These faithful servants sought public office to make a difference. Help them to stay the course and to compromise when conscience allows, but stand strong in their convictions when they can do no less. For their work ahead, I pray that You grant them clarity of thought, wisdom, and understanding. Some here are hurting and grieving; please comfort them and give them peace. 
I pray that You forgive us as a people 
when we react with hatred and not kindness, when we are quick to speak and slow to listen, when we seek not to be understood but to judge. Help us to remember what You require of us: that we act justly, that we love mercy, and that we walk humbly with You. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B EATTY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Dr. Mark Gooden of Johnson City, Tennessee, for 
his service today as a guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
has served as a spiritual light to over half a dozen churches across Tennessee as a pastor and an elder. I have personally had the privilege of knowing him as the senior pastor of my home church, Munsey Memorial United Methodist Church, in my hometown of Johnson City, Tennessee. 
blessing in my life. Mark ministered my wife during her recent illness and prayed with my family minutes before she passed, and for this I will be eternally grateful. 
today as a guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
to the desk a resolution (H. Res. 155) electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives, and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
today to highlight a GOP budget proposal that can be summed up in one phrase: work harder for less. The GOP leadership put forth a budget that does nothing to boost paychecks of hardworking Americans. 
college will be less affordable. Mr. Speaker, this budget takes away the tools that allow people to climb the ladder of opportunity. 
seniors on Medicare will immediately pay more for preventive health services, and those with high prescription drug costs will see prices skyrocket. It will mean the end of the current Medicare guarantee, and millions of seniors can be hurt. 
this misguided budget proposal that doesn’t work for my district and doesn’t work for the Nation, Democrats will continue pursuing policies that provide the tools hardworking families need to achieve economic security. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
ago today, the deadliest tornado in U.S. history passed through the southwestern Indiana towns of Griffin, Owensville, and Princeton. Named the Great TriState Tornado, the deadly cyclone traveled three States and 219 miles over 3.5 hours, causing 695 deaths, destroying family farms, and devastating cities. 
This catastrophic event is an important reminder to Hoosier families: don’t wait to get prepared. Make an emergency plan ahead of time. As we enter tornado season, take the time to stay informed. 
what to expect and how to prepare through the Department of Homeland Security at the Federal level, the Indiana DHS, the Red Cross, my office, and other organizations. 
Don’t wait. Take the time to get prepared today. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
very beginning of my first term, I came across an article in a local newspaper about a constituent of mine named Larry Darcey. 
components while working in a plant supporting the U.S. Navy in Attleboro, Massachusetts, Mr. Darcey was diagnosed with cancer in 1992. Facing the fear and uncertainty of his first cancer diagnosis, Mr. Darcey quickly found out that he was far from the only former employee at the plant with cancer. But he also learned that few of those employees were aware of the Federal compensation and medical payments that they deserved. 
helped over 200 of his former coworkers file compensation claims. His work and the tireless coverage of Rick Foster and the Attleboro Sun Chronicle have kept attention on this critical issue. 
worked with the Department of Labor and the Social Security Administration to provide former workers and their families with over $34 million— more than twice as much as had been paid out in the 13 years of the compensation program’s existence. To many families, Mr. Speaker, that support has changed or even saved lives, and it is all thanks to Larry Darcey for raising his voice when he saw a gap in our system. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize and honor Mr. Howard Coble on his 84th birthday, a living legend of North Carolina politics who faithfully served the Sixth District of North Carolina for 30 years. 
From the very first day when he assumed office on January 3, 1985, and the nearly 11,000 days following, he was a pillar for outstanding constituent service. With his three decades in Congress, he became the longestserving Republican in the history of North Carolina, and he was regarded as one of the friendliest Members of Congress and certainly the most fashionable. 
public servant. He spent a lifetime serving our great country and our State. Beyond Congress, he has served in a multitude of capacities for North Carolina, including as a State representative. Additionally, he is a Korean war veteran and spent more than two decades serving in the United States Coast Guard and the Reserves. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to succeed Mr. Howard Coble. On behalf of all the Sixth District and my colleagues in Congress, I thank you for your service and wish you a very happy 84th birthday. 
today in opposition to legislation that is nothing short of an attack on workers, a bill that will harm the economic security of American families all over this country. 
economic growth is the key to strengthening the middle class, but only if we have fair rules in place that allow workers to share in that growth by negotiating for decent wages and benefits. 
put forward a rule that ensures workers are treated fairly in the election process, that reduces bureaucratic red tape and ensures the right to collectively bargain is guaranteed. 
Unfortunately, this body is considering legislation that would overturn that rule. It is wrong, and it is a waste of time. 
If Congress wants to support business, we should pass legislation to repair our crumbling infrastructure so that folks can get their products to market, reform our Tax Code to make it easier for small businesses to compete, or invest in workforce development so that our kids are prepared to compete in a 21st century economy. 
who stand ready to work with you on an agenda that actually strengthens the middle class, but this resolution doesn’t do that. I urge my colleagues to stand up for workers by voting down this resolution. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor one of New Hampshire’s own, Staff Sergeant Ryan Pitts, an American hero and recipient of the Medal of Honor. As one of only nine living soldiers to be awarded this distinct honor, his is a shining example of this generation’s sacrifice on our behalf. 
incredible amount of courage, bravery, and honor as he fought to hold off a Taliban ambush during one of the bloodiest battles of the war in Afghanistan. Despite being attacked by more than 200 Taliban militants and sustaining injuries of his own, Pitts singlehandedly defended his platoon’s observation post—his fight unwavering. Every day our servicemembers like 
Staff Sergeant Pitts put themselves in harm’s way to defend our liberties, our Nation, and our freedom, and for that we are forever grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, during that very ambush, nine of his comrades made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. We shall not and we will not forget their bravery and sacrifice. 
of Honor has been awarded to just over 3,400 of our Nation’s bravest soldiers. It is my honor to recognize Staff Sergeant Pitts today. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise to honor the memory of a Granite Stater who played an important role in the Civil Rights Movement: Jonathan Myrick Daniels of Keene, New Hampshire. 
Theological School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Dr. Daniels’ faith inspired him to travel to Alabama, where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., had sought to help the fellow clergymembers in registering African Americans to vote. 
our esteemed colleague, Congressman JOHNLEWIS of Georgia, Jonathan spent 
the summer and spring advocating for civil rights, standing guard during the march from Selma to Montgomery, and even helping to integrate an Episcopal church in Selma. 
While many of his fellow students ultimately traveled back north, Mr. Daniels chose to indefinitely remain in Alabama and continue to fight for equal rights. 
was walking with fellow students when a sheriff’s deputy happened upon the group and threatened them with his gun. Seeing the weapon pointed in their direction, Mr. Daniels placed himself in front of a 17yearold girl and took the bullet that was meant for her. Friends of Jonathan had noted that he was ‘‘willing and prepared to die to help others,’’ and tragically, that is indeed what happened. 
years old this Friday. He left this world far too soon, and he died fighting for the values he held dear: justice, equality, and human dignity. 
As we celebrate this year’s 50th anniversary of the landmark Voting Rights Act, we honor the memory of Jonathan Daniels and those like him who fought for the essential rights of every American. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to recognize the contributions of two local south Florida innovative tech hubs: Venture Hive and LAB Miami. 
Venture Hive is a business accelerator, and LAB Miami is a tech incubator, and both are local leaders working to help our community’s entrepreneurs grow, create more jobs, and expand our economy. 
Amat, the founder of Venture Hive, has partnered with MiamiDade County Public Schools to engage students in the business of innovation at an early age. 
‘‘Wifi,’’ has worked to build a place known as the Ellis Island of Miami for tech entrepreneurs. Both of these wonderful places are examples for cities across our Nation to help strengthen our economy and spur innovation. 
today to pay tribute to the first responders and fire crews who put their lives on the line for more than 24 hours to fight the fivealarm mill fire in Providence last week. 
through the night to contain the blaze that consumed the 90,000squarefoot building. 
Providence Fire Department and to fire crews at Central Falls Ladder, North Providence Engine, East Providence Engine, Pawtucket Engine and Ladder, North Providence Ladder, and Cumberland Ladder for your willingness to help the Providence Fire Department and your dedicated service to keep Rhode Islanders safe all throughout the year. 
I would also like to thank the companies from the Second Congressional District who pitched in, Warwick Engine and Cranston Ladder and Johnston Engine and Ladder. 
hope this reminds all of us of the heroic and important work that our firefighters and first responders do and of our responsibility to support them in every way that we can. 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to celebrate the life and note the recent passing of Officer Burke J. Rhoads of Nicholasville, Kentucky. 
On March 11, Officer Rhoads was suddenly and tragically killed in a car accident while on duty as an officer with the Nicholasville Police Department. Officer Rhoads was 35 years old and is survived by his wife, Melissa Suzanne Mason Rhoads, and his three children, Jacquelyn, Bryan, and Kevin. Officer Rhoads was a U.S. Army veteran and served on the Nicholasville police force for 8 years. 
peace, advocate of laws, and sentry of safety and security in our community; however, we also celebrate and honor his life and his service. 
Law Enforcement Officers Memorial are the words ‘‘in valor there is hope.’’ Officer Rhoads helped to bring his community hope in knowing that they were safer on his watch. 
Americans are working more and earning less. The cost of college is rising, young people are in debt, and America’s infrastructure is in decay. 
however, does nothing to help struggling Americans. It gives tax breaks to the wealthy, ends the Medicare guarantee, makes it harder for Americans to buy a home, and cuts funding for education. 
that the Republican budget will put the lives of our men and women in uniform at risk. 
American people elected us. We owe it to them to pass a budget that addresses their needs, keeps them safe, and gives them the best opportunity possible to live the American Dream. 
jobs, providing universal preK, and restoring food stamp programs that have helped many American families through these tough times. Let’s ensure that our military has the resources they need to make sure that they can fight the fight that America wants. 
the American people and do the job that we were elected to do on their behalf. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
the House Republicans rolled out next year’s budget and laid out a clear plan to balance the budget in less than 10 years, cut $5.5 trillion in deficit spending, and fully repeal ObamaCare. 
a lean and effective government that truly works for the people. Every day, hardworking taxpayers across our Nation are forced to balance their budgets. It is about time that the Federal Government does the same. 
seen reckless spending that is saddling future generations with massive amounts of debt. I want our children and grandchildren to have a better opportunity to succeed than we did, and on the current trajectory, that is just not possible. 
submitted to Congress, the House budget calls for a fairer, simpler Tax Code and promotes job creation and a healthy economy. It will work to cut red tape that is suffocating our private employers, and it creates a more transparent and accountable government. 
It is time to put money back in the 
pockets of our hardworking American taxpayers, and this budget will do just that. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to speak out against the latest budget proposal from House Republicans. 
our government was running a surplus and on track to pay down our national debt to zero by 2009. 
House, Senate, and Presidency, and we saw 8 years of Republican budgets that drove us into debt and wrecked our economy. By the time Democrats regained control in 2009, our economy was in collapse, and the deficit was over $1 trillion a year. 
Republicans are now proposing to return to the very same policies that destroyed our economy in the first place: wars and military spending paid for on the backs of the middle class; tax cuts skewed to the wealthy that produce no jobs; and underinvestment in education, research, and infrastructure that are the lifeblood of our Nation’s economic growth. 
that would increase financial stress on the middle class and the Medicare guarantee and force seniors to pay more for health care and for prescription drugs. 
today to bring our attention to an increasingly urgent problem: ocean acidification. 
dioxide emissions are absorbed by our oceans. This is the great carbon sink, which helps buffer the amount of CO2 
in our atmosphere. This absorption is making our waters more acidic, which has a damaging effect on the ability of shellfish to build their shells. 
the United States shellfish industry millions in lost profits and jobs. I am deeply concerned because the Chesapeake Bay has been identified as a main hotspot for rapid ocean acidification. Nitrogen pollution from agricultural and sewage runoff into the bay are key culprits exacerbating the effects of acidification. 
problem is to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide emissions entering our waters. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to stand with the Safe Climate Caucus in supporting efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. 
We need to support the EPA’s proposed carbon rules for power plants, and we need to protect our ecosystems, and we need to protect the longterm viability of our coastal economies. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
like it could be candy for kids, but it is not. These are detergent packs that we use in our dishwasher or in our washing machines. 
System received 17,230 calls involving children who are exposed to chemicals in these packs. They bite into them, or they squirt them into their eyes. These are concentrated packs, and so they do much more damage—in fact, even burning the esophagus. 769 of these children had to go to the hospital, and one child died. 
and Child Safety Act to require that companies that produce these detergent packs provide more childresistant packaging. 
be addressed, and I urge my colleagues to join with me. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
hear ye. Wake the town and tell the people that ISIS and Boko Haram are teaming up for terror. Boko Haram plus ISIS equals a ‘‘marriage from 
courted ISIS for months, but this is the first time that the intelligence community has acknowledged that ISIS has responded to the overtures in a way that could pave the road for the two to collaborate. 
We cannot forget the people of Nigeria. We cannot forget our school girls who were kidnapped. We cannot forget those awful unions between ISIS and Boko Haram. 
tweet to keep the reports of corruption, election shenanigans, and sheer terror in the national spotlight. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, while Congress was away last week, we had another strong jobs report. You might even say, as former President Reagan used to say, ‘‘It’s morning in America,’’ in his famous ad. 
In February, the economy added another 295,000 private sector jobs, and the unemployment rate edged down to 5.5 percent. That means that there have been 12 straight uninterrupted months of private sector job growth of over 200,000 jobs a month. That is the first time that has happened since 1977. 
are low; the dollar is strong, and by many measures, the economy’s performance under the Obama administration has been stronger than the economy under former President Reagan. 
it unusual to compare President Obama and President Reagan, their efforts are good news for the economy and good news for America. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, congressional Democrats are trying to move the country forward, but the House Republican budget is designed to turn back the clock. 
approach to dealing with our Nation’s fiscal problems, the House Republican budget seeks to balance itself on the backs of working families, middle class folks, senior citizens, young Americans, college students, the poor, the sick, and the afflicted. Instead of trying to promote progress for everyone, the House Republican budget seeks to enact policies designed to simply benefit the privileged few. 
an irresponsible Republican budget, and it should be soundly rejected. It does not add a single middle class job. It does not increase a single middle class paycheck. It does not help a single middle class family send its child to college. Mr. Speaker, I am urging that the House soundly reject this reckless Republican budget. 
following communication from the Chair of the Committee on the Judiciary: 
pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that the Committee on the Judiciary has received a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, for documents in a civil case. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel regarding the subpoena, I have determined that compliance is not consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1030. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 138 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1030. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible, with Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana in the chair. 
Act, requires the Environmental Protection Agency to base its regulations on unbiased, publicly accessible science that can be verified. Why would anyone want to hide this information from the American people? 
was introduced in the last Congress by the former Environment Subcommittee chairman, DAVID 
SCHWEIKERT , and it passed with bipartisan support last November. 
We must make sure that Federal regulations are based on science that is available for independent review. Many Americans are unaware that some of the EPA’s most expensive and burdensome regulations, such as its proposed ozone rules, are based on data that not even the EPA has seen. The EPA contracts out scientific research to third parties whom the EPA relies upon to justify its regulations, but if independent scientists ask for details, the Agency claims that it doesn’t have the data, and so results cannot be verified. 
should make us suspicious, and it clearly conflicts with this administration’s promise to be the most transparent in history. This bill ensures that the decisions that affect every American are based on independently verified, unbiased scientific research instead of on secret data that is hidden behind closed doors. 
not weaken privacy laws. In fact, it states that nothing in the bill will supersede privacy laws. It does not give the EPA any new authority to take private information and make it public. The Secret Science Reform Act simply prohibits the Agency from relying on nonpublic data that cannot be verified by independent scientists. The bill requires the EPA to use data that is available to the public when the Agency writes its regulations. This allows independent researchers to evaluate the studies that the EPA uses to justify its regulations. This is the scientific method. 
government about the costs and benefits of regulations if the science that allegedly justifies them cannot be verified by independent experts? What does the EPA want to hide? 
pay to disseminate the data it relies on publicly. Unfortunately, the CBO’s old cost estimate on a previous bill ignores this point. If a third party has researched data that it believes the EPA should rely on in its rulemaking, that 
third party should make it publicly available so that the EPA and other scientists can check its work. There is nothing in the bill that compels the EPA to shoulder this cost, which is where the CBO went wrong in scoring the cost of this bill. The EPA has received over $8 billion this year. Billions of hardearned taxpayer dollars have been spent by the EPA, and taxpayers deserve to know whether it went to good science or to politically correct science. 
a new course and let the American people see the data. The EPA should use sound science based on public data, not secret data hidden from the American people. This bill also will help the EPA focus its resources on the best possible science. That, in turn, will ensure a healthier, happier, and more prosperous future for all Americans. The days of ‘‘trust me’’ science are over. An open government that is accountable to the people is essential to protect Americans from excessive government control. The EPA has a responsibility to be open and transparent with the people it serves and whose money it uses. 
to see the EPA’s data, then support this bill and help the administration keep its promise to be open and honest with the American people. In God we trust. All others, especially the EPA, must use public data, not secret science. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
falsehood that the EPA relies on secret science. They do not. They rely upon tens of thousands of peer reviewed, publicly published research studies. The kind of science that Republicans call ‘‘secret’’ actually consists of research studies published in prestigious scientific journals like Science, the New England Journal of Medicine, the Annals of Epidemiology, the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, and many more. 
EPA uses these studies. In all of the regulatory actions the EPA takes, they publish exhaustive information about exactly what science the Agency is relying upon to establish the scientific underpinnings of the regulations. These are public documents that are easily located on the Internet. 
So what is the secret? What my Republican colleagues are 
calling ‘‘secret’’ is actually confidential, personal health information from research study participants. Some of this information is protected from disclosure by law, and other information is protected by agreements between the study participants and the researchers. 
The disclosure of this kind of information would be a major breach of faith with the hundreds of thousands of research participants who volunteer to enter these types of public health studies. 
my Republican colleagues want this personal health information to be publicly disclosed. If they did want that, it would be terribly hypocritical since they have been repeatedly bashing the Obama Web site healthcare.gov for disclosing far less information to third party vendors. 
is to prevent the EPA from using these public health studies altogether, because if the EPA cannot rely upon these public health studies, then it will be much more difficult for the EPA to justify its protections for public health. The effect of this is that certain public health regulations will be almost impossible to update regardless of what new things the health sciences tell us about pollution and its effects on public health. 
today the Science Committee is on the floor of this House of Representatives putting forth a bill that will force a public health agency to ignore science. That is why some of our premier scientific organizations, such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Union of Concerned Scientists, the American Statistical Association, and others, have expressed their concerns about this bill. It would be nice, when we debate bills which are supposedly about science, if we actually listened to the concerns of the scientific community instead of ignoring them, as the majority has done here. 
Likewise, some of the Nation’s premier public health organizations, like the American Lung Association, the American Thoracic Society, and the American Public Health Association, among others, have come out in opposition to this bill. 
public health, it would be nice to occasionally listen to what the public health experts have to say instead of ignoring their voices, like the majority has done here. 
Finally, a number of wellknown environmental groups have registered opposition to this legislation, including the Natural Resources Defense Council, the League of Conservation Voters, and Greenpeace, among others. There was a time not too long ago when the views of these groups would have mattered to some of my Republican colleagues. Not too many years ago, the thenRepublican chairman of the Science Committee, Sherry Boehlert, made clear that we need to be good stewards of the environment we are leaving for future generations. 
I want to believe that some of my Republican colleagues still believe that. However, legislation like the bill before us today makes me fear that what 
which ignores science, ignores public health, and ignores environmental damage—all for the sake of polluting industries that have endorsed the majority’s actions here today. 
Now, I don’t begrudge these companies for supporting legislation that helps their bottom lines. It is expected. What concerns me is that this Congress no longer looks at the industry’s request with a critical eye. We simply rubberstamp them without any regard for our Nation’s scientific experts, health experts, or environmental experts and their concerns. 
these letters in the RECORD today because Congress should care about these experts and what they have to say. 
express our opposition to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, and H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015. Our organizations are dedicated to saving lives and improving public health. 
decision making. The best science underscores everything our organizations do to improve health. We strongly believe in a transparent and open regulatory process. A vital element of research is patient confidentiality. Physicians and researchers have earned the trust of their patients by steadfastly maintaining patient confidentiality. Patient confidentiality is a clear legal and ethical obligation. 
compel the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to either ignore the best science by prohibiting the agency from considering peerreviewed research that is based on confidential patient information or force EPA to publicly release confidential patient information, which would violate federal law. This is an untenable outcome that would completely undermine the ability of the EPA to perform its responsibilities under the Clean Air Act and myriad other federal laws. The legislation will not improve EPA’s actions; rather, it will stifle public health protections. 
The kind of information disclosure envisioned in this legislation exceeds that required by peerreviewed journals. We believe much of the intent of this legislation is already achieved through the current peerreview process required by all academic journals. The vast majority of peerreviewed journals require manuscript authors to register any trial using human subjects with clinicaltrials.gov. This public registry collects key information on the study population, research goals and methods that allow outside reviewers and scientists to either challenge or attempt to reproduce study results. Additionally, the peerreview process and publication of results invites the broader scientific community to debate study findings. Trial registry and manuscript publications are only part of the process by which scientific endeavors operate in a transparent environment. 
Private organizations, public charities, research universities, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Department of Veterans Affairs, corporations and many other entities conduct medical research. Many of these organizations compile large longitudinal data sets that track patients over a period of time. These data serve as the basis of many studies that permit epidemiologists to track disease and risk factor 
from such data often inform regulatory decision making at the EPA and other federal agencies as well as future research. Not only do these data inform regulatory action, they help inform efforts to educate the public about the magnitude of a disease, risk factors and steps individuals can take to improve their health. In order for EPA to set the most appropriate standards, it must be informed by the best information. 
on human health and the magnitude of harm caused by pollution at specific levels helps the agency meet its obligations under the Clean Air Act. Absent these data, it is unclear upon what basis the agency could make sound decisions. 
Reform Act of 2015 will also undermine the scientific basis for EPA policy, specifically by compromising the integrity of the panel that reviews that science. EPA’s Science Advisory Board (SAB) is composed of independent scientific and technical experts who are tasked with evaluating the science and providing advice that EPA uses to inform its decision making. The current law provides for balanced panels and experts with diverse backgrounds. 
quota on the SAB that would require ten percent of members to be selected for qualifications other than their scientific expertise. This bill will compromise not only the scientific integrity of the SAB, but also its independence, as the quota would open the door for representatives of the regulated industries to serve on the board. 
prohibit SAB members from participating when their own research is involved—even indirectly. This requirement could block participation of the ‘‘best and the brightest’’ researchers in a particular field at the very time their expertise is needed to accurately inform the regulatory process. 
the Federal Advisory Committee Act and already has a public comment system in place. H.R. 1029 would add on the burdensome requirement that the SAB respond to individual comments in writing, a requirement that could be so timeconsuming as to render the board unable to carry out its function. 
to stand up for sound science and public health protections, and vote NO on both H.R. 1030 and H.R. 1029. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE MCCARTHY : As leading U.S. science, engineering, and academic institutions, we are writing to once again express our concerns regarding the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 (H.R. 1030). We encourage you and your colleagues to take additional time to evaluate the unintended consequences of this bill before passing it on the House floor. 
about how some of the key terms in the bill could be interpreted or misinterpreted, especially terms such as ‘‘materials,’’ ‘‘data,’’ and ‘‘reproducible.’’ Would the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) be excluded from utilizing research that involved physical specimens or biological materials that are not easily accessible? How would the agency address research that combines both public and private data? 
some scientific research, especially in areas of public health, involves longitudinal studies that are so large and of great duration that they could not realistically be reproduced. Rather, these studies are replicated utilizing statistical modeling. The same may be true for scientific data from a onetime event (e.g., Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil spill) where the data are gathered in real time. We could foresee a situation in which the EPA would be constrained from making a proposal or even disseminating public information in a timely fashion. 
Finally, the legislation could impose additional uncompensated burdens of cost and effort on those recipients of federal research grants where the research results are expected to be ‘‘relied on to support a covered action.’’ The bill is not clear on whether it is the EPA’s or the research institution’s responsibility to cover the costs associated 
The Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) is working with federal agencies to establish access to data policies that relate ‘‘to the dissemination and longterm stewardship of the results of unclassified research, including digital data and peerreviewed scholarly publications.’’ Agencies are beginning to issue their data access policies, and given the complexities associated with access to research data as outlined above we suggest that Congress wait to review the agency policies before imposing new statutory requirements. 
American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Chemical Society, American Geophysical Union, American Geosciences Institute, American Meteorological Society, American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Society of Agronomy, American Society of Civil Engineers, Association of American Geographers, Association of American Universities, Association of Public and Landgrant Universities (APLU), Biophysical Society, Brown University, Consortium for Ocean Leadership, Consortium of Social Science Associations. 
of America, Duke University, Ecological Society of America, Entomological Society of America, Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, National Council for Science and the Environment, Society for Conservation Biology, Soil Science Society of America, Stanford University, The Ohio State University, The University of Texas at Austin, University of California System, University of California, Riverside, University of Maryland, University of Michigan, University of Oregon, University of Pennsylvania. 
Chairman, House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBERJOHNSON , As president of the American 
Statistical Association, with 19,000 members, I write regarding the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015.’’ We generally applaud the idea that researchers and federal agencies strive to make data available to others— under strict pledges to maintain confidentiality of data provided by individuals and establishments where necessary—and to encourage reproducible research. Access to data and reproducibility of research are crucially important for science to advance. 
more widely available, we have several concerns and urge the bill be revised significantly before further consideration. Our concerns include those voiced by others last year (especially the American Association for the Advancement of Science) that the bill’s statements do not account for the complexities common to the scientific process on research that involves biological materials or physical specimens not easily accessible, combinations of public and private data, longitudinal data collected over many years that are difficult to reproduce, and data from onetime events that cannot be replicated. The bill as written could have farreaching consequences that would ultimately hamper 
or undermine the scientific process generally and EPA’s work specifically. We also agree with the point that it would be prudent to see the EPA’s data access policy—in accordance with the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010—expected later this year before further action on the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
Our nation should be striving for transparency in government and, as noted above, data accessibility, but these goals also must be balanced with the necessity to protect individuals’ and businesses’ privacy. The bill’s language of ‘‘publicly available’’ except when ‘‘superseding any nondiscretionary statutory requirement’’ acknowledges this balance, but that language is vague and may be insufficient to protect individuals and businesses. In particular, some data sets may not fall under ‘‘prohibited by law,’’ yet the data are still collected under a pledge to protect the identifiability and confidentiality of the reported values. For example, the government, as well as private and nonprofit sectors, routinely collects data—including private business information and private health information—under strict pledges to protect confidentiality. In some studies, this is backed up with penalties for violating those pledges. Such data should not be publicly available to every person who might ask for them. Rather, data subjects’ confidentiality should be protected, for example by policies and procedures that provide data access to trusted users (i.e., approved users committed to appropriate protections of the confidentiality of study participants) while discouraging breaches of confidentiality and/ or by data redaction techniques developed in the statistical and computer science communities. Under the current wording, a choice may have to be made between maintaining data confidentiality and issuing needed regulations. 
To emphasize the challenges and importance of confidentiality protection, we note that simple but necessary deidentification methods—like stripping names and other personally identifiable information (PII)— often do not suffice to protect confidentiality. Statisticians and computer scientists have repeatedly shown that it is possible to link individuals to publicly available sources, even with PR removed. Thus, allowing unrestricted public access without appropriate controls could result in unintended disclosures. These could cause significant harm to the advancement of science and the federal government—especially the federal statistical system—as people may be less willing to provide their data if highly publicized breaches occur. 
data available should carefully consider the complexities, challenges, and potential ramifications. We hope you will address these concerns, which would require major modifications to the bill. We would be happy to be of any assistance. 
Texas. Before closing, I would simply note that the Congressional Budget Office has scored this bill. 
H.R. 1030 would cost about $250 million a year for the next few years. 
resolution and fiscal policy next week, I cannot fathom why socalled fiscal conservatives could support a bill that will increase bureaucracy at the EPA at a cost of a quarterbillion dollars a year. For a whole host of reasons, this is a bad bill, and I strongly oppose this legislation. 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
I want to point out that this bill has 
been endorsed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Farm Bureau, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, and The Center for Regulatory Solutions. 
to the actual language of the bill itself. If they will look on page 2, they will find out that this bill does protect privacy, and it does so specifically. It prevents the EPA from releasing confidential information, and it clarifies that this bill does not supersede any privacy laws. In fact, the EPA Administrator, herself, wrote this in a recent letter: 
the Center for Disease Control reaching the conclusion that all the research data could be provided without the need for deidentification, and further, the National Academy of Sciences has said the same thing. We are happy to stand with them. 
the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ), who is also the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Environment of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
thank our chairman for his leadership on this very important bill. 
we ask our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to actually read the bill. If 
they did, they would find out that it prevents the EPA from releasing any confidential information. It prevents the EPA from releasing any confidential information. The idea that you are using or that somebody on this floor would use confidential information, they are hiding behind that in an effort to hide the actual science. 
school. They are required to show their work. If they don’t show their work, their integrity could be questioned, which would be appropriate, by the way. Mr. Chairman, is it too much to ask for the EPA to follow the same guidelines I give my children in elementary school? Show your work. We need to see it. This is an Agency, as the chairman noted, that is funded by taxpayers at a level of $8 billion a year. This is also an Agency that promulgates rules that cost the economy hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dollars every year, as well. 
Tulsa, Oklahoma, with the Clean Power Plan going forward and now new regulations on ozone, we are looking at the cost of electricity going up. We are looking at the cost of doing business going up. 
By the way, when the cost of electricity goes up, it doesn’t hurt me; it hurts the poor. This is a war on the poor. If we are going to punish poor people in my district, I would like to see the science behind it. I think it is perfectly appropriate that we have perfect transparency as it relates to the science behind the EPA. 
very simple bill. It simply makes the EPA show its work, as my children do in elementary school. It is not truly sound science unless the results can be replicated, and this bill would allow others to test the results and to challenge the assumptions of the EPA. 
sound science, we must pass this bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote for it. 
Texas. I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from the State of Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ), who is the ranking member 
to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, a short bill, which I have read, with a long list of problems. 
sponsors of the bill for their focus on and goal of transparency. It is something our constituents care about and deserve. But transparency is something that we should accomplish through collaboration and with input from the scientific community. This bill, on the contrary, is opposed, for good reason, by research institutions and scientists from across the country. 
my remarks some letters we have received from groups opposing H.R. 1030 from organizations like the American Association for Justice, Public Citizen, the National Physicians Alliance, the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology, and others. 
solution that increases transparency and access to federally funded research, the Secret Science Reform Act instead has the potential, in the long term, to compromise the health and wellbeing of Americans, and here is why: the Secret Science Reform Act, which looks simple on its face, will actually encumber, if not eradicate, the EPA’s ability to perform its most fundamental duty: protecting Americans from significant risks to their health and to the environment. 
the EPA rely only on studies that are publicly available online in a manner that is sufficient for independent analysis and substantial reproduction of research results, the act will prevent the agency from considering the best and most relevant science. 
science conducted by the brightest minds at our Nation’s universities and other research organizations. Large cohort peer review studies, such as the American Cancer Society and Harvard Six Cities studies, which made an association between air pollution and mortality, are vital to the Agency’s implementation of the Clean Air Act. 
Let me be clear: the EPA does publicly disclose which studies it relies on to support its regulatory actions. For good reason, it doesn’t make the raw data from these studies publicly available. This bill before us today, if adopted, would make it virtually impossible to use many reports and other sources of scientific data, such as those I mentioned earlier. 
compel the release or disclosure of information of which it is not the custodian. Second, confidentiality requirements or other legal prohibitions on the sharing of certain types of data, like health information, would preclude studies from consideration simply because they conform to common ethical and legal standards. 
the incorrect notion that the science relied on by the EPA is somehow hidden. This misconception is based on conflating the meanings of ‘‘secret’’ and ‘‘confidential.’’ One thing should be made very clear: none of the information used by the EPA is secret. Some information might be confidential—if it includes, for example, the personal health information of millions of Americans—as it should be. 
argue that the data could be deidentified to protect confidentiality and privacy and concerns about disclosure of personal health information are unfounded, but according to a letter from the American Statistical Association, 
deidentification methods like stripping names and other personally identifiable information do not often suffice to protect confidentiality. Statisticians and computer scientists have repeatedly shown how easy is to be re identify an individual using social media and public records. 
have chilling consequences for the EPA and for every American who wants to enjoy clean air and clean water. Let’s bring back common sense and work together. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this legislation and let the EPA go back to protecting the public health of all Americans. 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Environment, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
114th Congress gets underway and your Committee considers its work ahead, I am writing on behalf of the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology to respectfully request a reevaluation of previously introduced and Housepassed legislation regarding access to research data. 
Last November, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 4012, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2014, a bill that our Society strongly opposed. Had it become law, H.R. 4012 would have prevented the EPA from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments unless all underlying data were reproducible and made publicly available. In so doing, the legislation would have barred EPA from considering much of the best available science investigating the effects of the chemical, physical and microbial environment on human health, because many of the related findings are based on confidential data, such as private medical information. Neither H.R. 4012, nor its companion, S. 2613, were considered in the Senate. 
Our members support the sharing of epidemiological data when its purpose is to advance scientific knowledge and when data sharing protects the confidentiality of study subjects. We have participated in some of the largest data sharing efforts to advance scientific knowledge, and our Society has promulgated transparent procedures that protect patient confidentiality for assuring unbiased reanalysis of epidemiological data sets. Moreover, our members are developing and have applied new approaches to data sharing that both increase transparency and protect confidential information, with the objective of promoting rigorous evaluation of study results by other analysts. 
We would welcome the opportunity to discuss our work with you and how we are sharing data for reanalysis and the advancement of science, while also protecting subjects’ confidentiality. Furthermore, should legislation similar to H.R. 4012 and S. 2613 be introduced in the 114th Congress, we would appreciate the opportunity to share our strong concerns over the bill’s likely impact on the privacy of individual study participants and on the scientific enterprise and human health. 
The International Society for Environmental Epidemiology is an international organization with members from more than 60 countries. Topics addressed by ISEE members include environmental exposures, health effects, methodology, environment gene interactions, and ethics and law. We 
thank you for your time and look forward to working with Congress in the future. 
Chair, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
writing in strong opposition to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. The American Association for Justice (AAJ), formerly the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (ATLA) with members in United States, Canada and abroad, is the world’s largest trial bar. It was established in 1946 to safeguard victims’ rights, strengthen the civil justice system, promote injury prevention and foster public health and safety of 
numerous individuals who have been harmed by unsafe chemicals. AAJ is an advocate for strong chemical safety regulation and healthy environment, in combination with a strong civil justice system in order to protect the health and wellbeing of all Americans. In this capacity, AAJ robustly objects to the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
science that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) can consider while implementing public protections; upending numerous environmental statutes and longstanding Agency practices and is severely overbroad. In fact, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 may make it impossible for the EPA to regulate at all. The EPA would no longer be able to use most health studies including peerreviewed research as a result of the limitation on using data that is not ‘‘publicly available’’. Many accurate and reliable health studies contain personal health data that is currently and rightfully protected. Under the Secret Science Act, however, these studies would be erroneously excluded from use by the EPA, substantially narrowing the science the EPA may relay when considering public safeguards. 
use of new and innovative science and well as longterm exposure studies. Oftentimes the newest and most innovative science and data may not be publically available. However, this shouldn’t mean that the EPA is precluded from using it. Lastly, many of EPA’s standards rely on longterm exposure studies that assess the link between diseases and pollutants; or on meta analyses that combine many different studies. If the Secret Science Act of 2015 becomes law these studies may also be barred from EPA use because they will be unable to be ‘‘substantially reproduced’’. The end result of this legislation is that the EPA will no longer be able to rely on the best science in order to protect American health and the environment. 
Reform Act of 2015. This bill would seriously inhibit the EPA from protecting human health and the environment through its improper limitation on the use of sound science. 
public health and scienceinformed regulation strongly oppose the H.R. 1029 the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, to be considered by the House of Representatives this week. 
ability of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to use the best available scientific evidence when making decisions regarding the protection of public health and safety and the environment. 
When very similar bills were up for a vote 
in the House last November, the Administration issued veto threats for both bills. The Administration stated that the Secret Science Reform Act would ‘‘greatly impede the EPA’s ability to use science to protect public health and the environment,’’ and warned that the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would ‘‘weaken the scientific independence and integrity of the SAB.’’ 
The erroneously named Secret Science Reform Act would tie the EPA’s hands by restricting the information it can use to develop protective regulations. The EPA could only regulate based on publicly available scientific data. This restriction would block the agency’s use of many different types of public health data, such as those for which public release would violate privacy protections, or data from corporations that are designated as confidential business information. It also would restrict the use of scientific data that is not ‘‘reproducible.’’ This provision seems to adopt a very narrow view of scientific information solely based on laboratory experiments. As major scientific societies including the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) have noted, such a restriction would eliminate the use of most epidemiological and public health data, such as those regarding the public health impacts of air pollution, because these data are collected in longterm studies following individuals longitudinally. 
such studies are not inherently reproduced in the way a laboratory experiment or a clinical trial may be. It would be unethical to deliberately expose adults or children to air pollution merely to determine whether the increased rates of asthma and heart attacks caused by such exposures can be duplicated, or to encourage teenagers to smoke to reassess the toxic effects of tobacco. 
Act would greatly weaken the EPA’s advisory process, making it far more likely that recommendations from its independent Science Advisory Board (SAB) will be dominated by corporate special interests. This bill opens the door to increased corporate influence on the Board, by encouraging the EPA to accept more SAB panelists with corporate ties. 
members with subjectmatter expertise is equally counterproductive, and goes far beyond the commonsense limits imposed by the National Academies. Unlike the 2014 bill, the 2015 bill does appear to permit SAB experts with published, peerreviewed research, to address those topics on which they have credentials, provided that their expertise is publicly disclosed. But the language in the bill is so vague that it raises many questions. Generally, experts have developed their knowledge base over time, and not purely through peerreviewed publications. How is an expert supposed to make that distinction? What happens if a scientist relies on expertise that is not specifically permitted in the bill? Will there be legal ramifications? Clearly, scientific experts will think twice before joining the SAB if it means they will have to consult their lawyers before they give advice. Even worse, the bill requires the SAB to 
remain in an endless loop soliciting public comment about the ‘‘state of the science’’ touching on every major advisory activity it undertakes and responding to nearly every comment before moving forward, without being limited by any time constraints. At 
best, the SAB will be reduced to busy work. At worst, the SAB’s assessments will address the concerns of corporations, not the desires of citizens for scienceinformed regulation that protects public health. 
the ability of EPA, and potentially other agencies, to utilize the best available science, independently reviewed, to inform regulations crucial to public health and the environment. 
We strongly urge you to vote No on The 
Secret Science Reform Act and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. 
Union of Concerned Scientists; Annie Appleseed Project; Breast Cancer Action; Center for Medical Consumers; Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies; Jacobs Institute of Women’s Health; National Center for Health Research; National Physicians Alliance; Our Bodies Ourselves; Public Citizen; Woodymatters; John H. Powers, MD, Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine; The George Washington University School of Medicine; University of Maryland School of Medicine. 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Texas. 
I would like to call Members’ attention to page 1, line 12 of this bill. Again, it is only two pages long. I hope everybody will take the time to read it. Line 12 of the first page points out that the Administrator of the EPA shall use the best available science. Once again, the bill actually calls upon the Administrator to use the best available science. 
want to hide this science? Why does it want to hide this data? Why won’t it let the American people see this data? That is the question of the hour. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. 
new regulation that is widely predicted to be the costliest regulation in U.S. history—I repeat, the costliest U.S. regulation in history. It would actually cost our economy $140 billion per year, according to the National Association of Manufacturers—manufacturers, you know, those who manufacture or make things. 
America great are the things that America makes. Likewise, in these hard economic times, more Americans will make it in America when more things are made in America. 
manufacturing should really be scrutinized, and regulations that have such a 
big impact on our economy should not be based on secret science in order to sell it to the American people. Unfortunately, the EPA has prevented outside researchers from accessing the data behind recent regulatory decisions. The public is just supposed to trust the EPA. Apparently, their policy is trust, but evade your eyes; we want a policy that says trust, but verify. 
It is long past time that Congress increases transparency into the EPA’s regulatory process. The Secret Science Reform Act would prohibit the EPA from proposing or finalizing regulations based upon science that is not transparent or available for independent review. Our constituents have a right to know whether EPA’s regulations are based on sound science and have the stated benefits the Agency claims they have. 
straightforward, and it is a message that government bureaucrats cannot propose costly regulations without the transparency that the American people deserve. We want more Americans and more American companies to make it in America. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a scientist. 
disappointed to be here once again speaking out against the Secret Science Reform Act. There are many problems that our Nation faces that we need to tackle—growing income inequity, a badly broken immigration system, and underinvestment in Federal research and development—so I am having a hard time understanding why congressional leaders think that this body, composed largely of lawyers and career politicians, should devote its attention to telling scientists how to conduct their research. 
politicians declare proudly, ‘‘I am not a scientist,’’ as they excuse their ignorance on issues like climate change or the effectiveness of vaccines, yet they want to rewrite the rules for standards of research for EPA scientists. 
manufacturer, one who started a business that now provides hundreds of manufacturing jobs in the United States and has kept those jobs in the Midwest and understands what is important for manufacturing to succeed in the United States, I always value the input of experts over political rhetoric. 
the RECORD from the American Association for the Advancement of Science, signed by 35 groups representing scientific organizations and research universities. In the letter, they state: 
about how some of the key terms in this bill could be interpreted or misinterpreted, especially terms such as ‘‘materials,’’ ‘‘data,’’ and ‘‘reproducible.’’ 
Agency be excluded from utilizing research that involved physical specimens or biological materials that are not easily accessible? How would the Agency address research that combines both public and private data? 
that were not addressed when this bill was proposed last Congress and still remain unaddressed today. So I continue to stand alongside thousands of my colleagues in science in opposition to the Secret Science Reform Act. These are the standards that should be set by scientists and not by Washington politicians. 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to the gentleman from Georgia. 
ought to take a 5minute recess and allow everybody a chance to read the bill, which, again, is only two pages long. 
scientists how to conduct their science. All the bill does is to say that the data should be publicly available and should be independently verified and let the American people see it—nothing more, nothing less. That is why, according to a public opinion poll, 90 percent of the American people support this bill. 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), who happens to be chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
chairman for the opportunity to speak on this very important bill. 
here, this historic Chamber, all around the top of the wall here are engraved images of great lawgivers who have influenced this Nation and the great institutions of government we have. As the Prime Minister of Israel pointed out, Moses is in the back, who gave us the natural laws our Founders referred to, but over my right shoulder, just above the rostrum, is the image of Thomas Jefferson. 
Thomas Jefferson wrote about another set of laws and rights that are given to us. He also wrote 27 grievances—27 violations—of either the natural law that Moses wrote about or the natural rights of men that he wrote about in the Declaration of Independence. These were grievances against the King of England for violations against the natural laws or the natural rights of men. 
he wrote about can also be seen as a warning to where we are today in this Nation. The 10th grievance says that: 
offices and sent hither swarms of officers to harass the people and eat out their substance. What Jefferson was talking about 
was the multitude of regulations and regulatory agencies that the King of England had instituted here on the continent of North America. 
rampant growth not only in the number of Federal agencies that have regulatory authority over Americans, but the scope of the regulations, that they have impacted our very lives. Every moment of your day is in some way impacted by regulation—and I argue overregulation—by the Federal Government. 
considering a decrease in the amount of acceptable ozone in our atmosphere, which is questionable. Many scientists have said that that level of ozone that they are trying to achieve is unachievable. Even some of the most remote areas of our Nation would not even be able to achieve that. These are areas that don’t have any type of industry or significant population. 
The National Black Chamber of Commerce testified in a committee hearing the other day that this level of ozone in the regulation the EPA is trying to impose would have significant impact on the economy, especially small business owners and minority business owners. Most of their small businesses are in metropolitan areas. This overregulation is eating out the substance of Americans. 
The Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council recently testified that the 
average American pays $14,974 in hidden taxes. These are taxes because of regulation by the Federal Government. That is $14,000 a year average Americans are spending out of their own pocket because of overregulation. Much of this is because of questionable science that is hidden and not transparent. That is 23 percent of their income. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
While this bill would not fix the overreach of this administration in their regulation, it will bring transparency— that the American people have a right to know that when their rights and their liberties are being restricted by government, that it is substantiated and it is sound science. 
of the most important ones, I believe, that we will do in this Congress. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
a 6month period, we are considering legislation specifically designed to delay implementation of EPA regulations and prevent the EPA from using the best available scientific data. I know my friends on the other side 
of the aisle don’t like the EPA, and they don’t believe in sound science— they have made that very clear during the time that they have the majority— but this socalled Secret Science Reform Act is a dangerous attack on the EPA’s ability to use the best available science to protect public health and our environment. 
from our world class universities informs EPA rulemaking. To limit access to this research—and open the doors to industrymanipulated data—is just plain wrong. 
I have cosponsored an amendment offered by my good friend JOEKENNEDY  
to allow the EPA to continue relying upon peer reviewed scientific data. Boy, what a radical idea. This commonsense amendment will ensure the EPA has access to the valuable research necessary to make sound decisions about our public health and environment. 
science,’’ just science that my Republican colleagues do not like. The contempt for science demonstrated by the Republican majority in this House is troublesome. Putting profits of a particular industry ahead of the safety and wellbeing of our citizens by rigging the data is dangerous. 
People might wonder: Why are we debating this bill here today? Well, I would suggest you follow the money, follow where the political campaign contributions are going. 
would disregard sound science and instead open the doors for profitmaking industries to come in and dictate what the rules and regulations are with regard to the safety and wellbeing of our citizens is just plain dangerous. 
least, support the Kennedy amendment and defeat the underlying legislation. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), who is a hardworking member of the Science Committee. 
era of secret science within the Environmental Protection Agency. This bill before us, H.R. 1030, does just that. 
As the Representative of a very diverse district in Texas with timber; agricultural interests; four ports, including the Port of Houston; and more petrochemical plants than any other in the United States, I rise in strong support of this bill. 
I cosponsored this bill because I believe that the American people deserve a greater level of accountability from the EPA and less bureaucratic regulation and dodging the facts. Let the facts speak for themselves. 
Transparency is one of the fundamental tenets of science. I have a biology degree. I have had plenty of science, chemistry, and physics—I am a 
year in taxpayer money, and I believe that the taxpayers of the United States have a right to know just how their hardearned money is being spent. 
hope that this level of transparency will encourage researchers, companies, and nonprofits towards a greater level of openness. 
The President committed that his administration would be the most transparent administration in history. Unfortunately, I believe this administration has fallen short of this goal. This bill is necessary to ensure that the American people have transparency in the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Americans their jobs by putting U.S. workers at a competitive disadvantage. We need transparency and accountability so that American workers and their families are protected. 
H.R. 1030 does exactly this, and I call on my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
Chairman, this will be the second time that I have cosponsored an amendment to the Secret Science Reform Act with Representatives KENNEDY and M CGOVERN. 
bill before, but so long as the House continues to consider antiscience legislation that endangers public health, I will continue to point out why it is dangerous. 
As written, the Secret Science Reform Act prohibits the EPA from considering any science that is not publicly available in its rulemaking process. A great deal of important research, particularly related to public health, is based on sensitive personal information that this bill would exclude from consideration. 
for the EPA: disregard critical research—even when it has been subject to rigorous evaluation and peer review—or violate the privacy of volunteers. 
will not happen. It simply provides that the EPA may rely on any peer reviewed scientific publication when making rules, even if all of the underlying data is not publicly available. This will protect the scientific integrity of the EPA’s process without endangering the privacy of Americans who participate in scientific research. 
in opposition to H.R. 1030 for the RECORD . One is from the Union of Concerned Scientists and the other is from a coalition of environmental organizations, including the Sierra Club and Clean Water Action. UNION OF CONCERNED SCIENTISTS , 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The Union of Concerned Scientists, with 450,000 members and supporters throughout the country, strongly opposes H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, scheduled for a vote in the House of Representatives this week. The legislation represents a solution in search of a problem, and would greatly impede the agency’s mission to protect public health and the environment. 
to the bill that the Committee reported out last November. That bill received a veto threat from the Administration, which noted that it would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from protecting public health and safety and the environment, ‘‘if the data supporting [its] decisions cannot, for legitimate reasons, be made publicly available.’’ 
the 2015 version of this bill were made to obscure the drafters’ true intent, making it more difficult to discern that it would cripple the ability of the EPA to regulate based on information supplied by industries that is designated confidential, or on public health and medical data where the privacy of patients must be protected. 
The EPA already makes the data, methodology, and peerreviewed research it relies on in its rulemaking processes as transparent as possible. Moreover, the additional restrictions imposed by this proposed bill would make it almost impossible to base public protections on the best available scientific information. In particular, if enacted, the language appears to indicate that the agency would be inhibited by the following challenges: 
health studies. The agency would likely be prevented from using any study that uses personal health data. The confidentiality of such data is usually protected by institutional review boards ORB); thus, the data could not be made publicly available as demanded. Since many EPA rules are health based standards, this rule would severely restrict the ability of the agency to base rules on science. 
The EPA wouldn’t be able to draw from industry data sources. The agency would be prevented from using data provided by industry to the agency. Since information from industry sources is often not publicly available, a law requiring as such would prevent the agency from utilizing industry data, a source of information that often provides otherwise unknown data to inform EPA rule making. 
The EPA wouldn’t be able to use new and 
innovative science. New scientific methods and data may be restricted by intellectual property protections or industry trade secret exemptions. This proposed bill would limit EPA’s ability to rely on the best available science including novel approaches that may not yet be publicly available. 
Longterm and metaanalyses would be unavailable. Many of EPA’s healthbased standards rely on longterm exposure studies that assess the link between chronic diseases/ mortality and pollutants; or on meta analyses that include many different studies and locations to provide a more robust look at 
the science. In HR 4012, the provision that studies be conducted ‘‘in a manner that is sufficient for independent analysis and substantial reproduction of research’’ may prevent use of these vital studies by the EPA, as it is unclear whether such spatially and temporally comprehensive studies would be considered ‘‘sufficient for substantial reproduction.’’ 
I strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 1030, the 
Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. The proposed bill would inhibit the EPA’s ability to 
carry out its sciencebased mission to protect human health and the environment. It does not deserve your or this Congress’s support. 
millions of members and supporters we strongly urge you to oppose the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015’’ (HR), the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015’’. Collectively, these misleadingly named bills would radically diminish EPA’s ability to protect public health. Under these bills, EPA would be required to ignore significant science; the Scientific Advisory Board would be required to ignore conflicts of interest; and enforcement officials would be required to ignore pollution emitted in violation of 
the law. These bills are broadly written and would have damaging impacts far in excess of what their sponsors will admit. 
on a faulty premise. Its notion of ‘‘secret science,’’ based on claims about studies of fine soot pollution conducted almost two decades ago, is unfounded despite lengthy congressional inquiries. The bill would deny EPA the ability to rely upon peerreviewed medical studies that involve commitments to patient confidentiality, when the agency carries out its statutory responsibilities to safeguard public health and the environment. Further, this bill would effectively amend numerous environmental statutes by forbidding EPA to use certain kinds of studies in setting health standards. It would also make it impossible for EPA to use many kinds of economic models it routinely relies on because those models are proprietary. This marks a radical departure from longstanding practices. Its end result would be to make it much more difficult to protect the public by forcing EPA to ignore key scientific studies. 
EPA’s scientific process in a different way. The worst provision would mandate allowing the participation of scientists with financial conflicts of interest, as long as those conflicts are disclosed. This is inconsistent with a set of nearly universally accepted scientific principles to eliminate or limit financial conflicts. This bill would significantly weaken the content and credibility of the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) reviews—a textbook example of making a government program function poorly to the benefit of polluting industries and at the expense of public health and independent science. The bill will add unnecessary new burdens on the SAB, distorting its mission and altering its process with no benefit to EPA or the public. The bill also significantly broadens the scope of the SAB and creates a comment process that will add needless delay to the Board’s work. The result would be further stalling and undermining of important public health, safety, and environmental protections. 
This legislation will obstruct the implementation and enforcement of critical environmental statutes, undermine the EPA’s ability to consider and use science, and jeopardize public health. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose these bills. 
Government, Clean Water Action, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Environmental Defense Fund, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Physicians for Social 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Kennedy amendment and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), who is a 
former chairman of the Environment Subcommittee of the Science Committee. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I thank Chairman SMITH for yielding, and to all my 
friends, I miss all of you, but are we having that sense of de ´ja`vu all over 
again? Have you ever started listening to a debate and you are starting to think: Are we discussing two completely separate pieces of legislation here? 
Mr. Chair, this isn’t that complicated. So far, I have got to tell you, this debate—and this is going to be a little harsh—has been absolutely intellectually vacuous because we are not saying things that are true. Let’s try one more time—no, Madam Ranking Member, you are not. So let’s try it one more time. 
It is public policy made by public data, public data by public policy. Why is that so terrifying to the left? This concept of, well, there’s personal medical records used for part of this—there are. 
That is why this White House, 3 or 4 
years ago, did a series of memos instructing how to do the deidentification of personal data. 
am sure you are going to stand up and start saying that the FDA, the CFPB, 
all the others that get personal data, you don’t want them to touch that either. Come on, a little intellectual consistency here, let’s try it. 
ran this bill last time—and I am going to do this time—is that I will submit at a later time into the RECORD a handful 
of memos coming from my office from when this body was controlled by the Democrats and there was a Republican in the White House. 
of the White House—and a series of senior Democrat officials—demanding this type of disclosure to make public policy. I think that would be sort of amusing to put into the public record, so folks can see how duplicitous this argument has started to become. 
principle that I embraced—and I hope all those who actually are not at war with science and want to embrace the complete aggregation of information— is that we need to walk away from this arrogance that there is a small subset in our society that absolutely knows everything. 
put up a study today and a handful of smart folks at KENNEDY ’S—do you represent MIT? Sorry. That is where all the really smart kids are, right? 
next smartest school in the Nation, why can’t they take that data set and 
bounce it up against studies they are doing? Why can’t an industry group, why can’t an environmental group, why can’t an academic group, why can’t someone who just really likes statistics? 
information, all knowledge, is housed in a tiny population and the rest of the world be damned. 
refining, and here is where I am fascinated that the left hasn’t caught on. This bill, this piece of legislation may come back to us and say: EPA, you are actually not doing enough. 
When we make the data public, when we bounce it up against other data sources, when we do other latitudinal studies, we may find we are not doing enough. We may find there is a much better way to do a regulation set. 
I would think, actually, in the modern world, where we know information is providing us so many opportunities, why aren’t we embracing that? Why has that become partisan? 
other things that have been said from behind the microphone across the aisle that we need to, one more time, restate honestly. 
What if a data set is provided by industry? 
past said, Well, if a Republican President had a Republican EPA and they used industry data to set up a reg— guess what? That falls under this same piece of legislation. That also is disclosed. All data that is used to create public policy is public. 
much, public policy by public data and public data by public policy, and then the opportunity for everyone who takes an interest in this to be able to refine it and make it better and make it more efficient and more healthy for our families, for our environment, for our economy, instead of a small, arrogant population controlling all knowledge and all information? 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have no further requests for time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Science Committee member and Environment Subcommittee Chairman DAVID SCHWEIKERT for his great efforts 
on this particular subject. Our goal is to help advance not just any science, 
should only be based upon data that is available to independent scientists and the public and that can be verified. H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, gives independent scientists an opportunity to validate the studies EPA uses to make new regulations. 
adviser testified that, ‘‘absolutely, the data on which regulatory decisions are based should be made available to the committee and should be made public.’’ 
Board testified that EPA’s advisers recommend ‘‘that literature and data used by EPA be peer reviewed and be made available to the public.’’ 
own Science Advisory Board said the data EPA relies upon should be public. 
for Energy Research found that 90 percent of Americans agree that studies and data used to make Federal Government decisions should be public. 
manipulation of scientific evidence. So this bill is no different from any other sunshine law, such as the Freedom of Information Act. 
It doesn’t roll back the laws that protect the air we breathe and the water we drink; it simply requires the EPA to use the best available science when it makes new regulations. 
critical privacy laws that prevent the EPA from releasing confidential information. It does not give the EPA any new authority to take private information and make it public. In fact, it prohibits that. 
should not be based upon undisclosed data. Maybe in Putin’s Russia, but not in the United States of America. Undisclosed data rightfully raises a lot of suspicions. 
about data. It is about an agency that apparently doesn’t trust the American people. The EPA thinks it knows better than the American people what is good for them. 
is time to restore faith in our government and return the power to the people. It is time for honesty, and it is past time to ensure that the EPA bases their regulations on data that is public. The American people deserve to see the data. 
asked for this. H.R. 1030 ensures the speedy implementation of President Obama’s Executive Order 13536, to give the public access to federally funded science. 
This bill supports the administration’s commitment to open science, but now they threaten to veto it. It makes you wonder what the administration is 
trying to hide and whether you can believe what they say. 
promise to be the most transparent in history and want to make the EPA’s data public, then support H.R. 1030. 
three questions that those who are opposed either can’t answer or won’t answer: 
One, what is the EPA hiding? Two, why won’t they make the data 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–11. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Science 
Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4363 note) is amended to read as follows: 
finalize, or disseminate a covered action unless all scientific and technical information relied on to support such covered action is— 
that is sufficient for independent analysis and substantial reproduction of research results. 
exposure, or hazard assessment, criteria document, standard, limitation, regulation, regulatory impact analysis, or guidance; and 
‘‘(iii) recorded factual materials; and ‘‘(iv) detailed descriptions of how to access 
subsection in a manner that does not exceed $1,000,000 per fiscal year, to be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated.’’. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 
37. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–37. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 138, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) and a Member 
in support of my amendment to H.R. 1030, the socalled Secret Science Reform Act. 
Let me just say first that I am opposed to the bill and the underlying premise that there is not good science, good research, and good data being gathered by the EPA. 
the EPA to choose between protecting our health and environment and maintaining the privacy of patient medical records and the confidentiality of business records. 
issue that, to me, makes a mockery of this entire effort. The bill, as written, currently gives the EPA only $1 million per year to carry out the provisions in the bill. 
Congressional Budget Office estimates the cost of the bill to be $250 million per year to implement the bill. 
I know, Mr. Chairman, that you perhaps think that you did not hear me correctly. But to put this disparity in some perspective, the Congressional Budget Office is estimating that implementing this bill would cost 25,000 percent more than the majority is providing. 
is doing this. They don’t want to pass legislation that costs anything to implement. It wouldn’t be fiscally conservative. 
simple math tells me that if a bill is $1 million in the text but costs $250 million to implement, you are asking the EPA to undertake $250 million of work with $1 million—not exactly fiscally or legislatively conservative or sound. More importantly, it forces the Agency into an untenable position. They must either ignore the requirements of this legislation because the majority isn’t providing them with the resources to carry them out, or they can comply with the requirements for—and Mr. Chairman, hold your breath—they could comply with the requirements for 1
then shut down all of the covered actions under the bill. 
laughable, except that it is true. But if the majority really believes in the premise behind this legislation, which I do not, then the majority should provide the Agency with the $250 million annually that, at a minimum, the Agency would need to carry out this bill. 
are the estimates of the independent Congressional Budget Office. 
I am opposed to the bill for a number 
of reasons, and most likely, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would disagree with me on those points. However, I have a hard time believing that any responsible Member of Congress who supports fiscal conservatism would consciously support a bill that is guaranteed, absolutely guaranteed to cause failure. 
my amendment and not allow this bill to move forward with an unfunded mandate to the Agency. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
do thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Maryland, for her amendment, but I must oppose it. 
This amendment would allow the Environmental Protection Agency to continue its practice of hiding data from the American people. 
appears to be a misreading of the bill that has resulted in an inaccurate score by the Congressional Budget Office. In fact, the statutory language directly contradicts the CBO’s analysis, and here is why. 
the bill requires the EPA to collect and disseminate the underlying data of the science it relies upon. Through some unknown calculation, CBO then came up with a $250 million price tag for the collection and dissemination of the data. 
collection and dissemination of information. It simply says that the EPA must use data that is public and available to independent scientists. 
requirement for the EPA to disseminate scientific and technical information. Again, I urge my colleagues to read the bill. 
So let me say it again. This bill does 
not require the EPA to disseminate information. It simply says that, when the EPA decides to regulate, it needs to rely on the best available science that is publicly available for independent verification and review. 
the clear statutory bill language, which reads: ‘‘The Administrator shall carry out this subsection in a manner that does not exceed $1 million per fiscal year to be derived from amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated.’’ 
legislation the EPA will have to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to collect and disseminate new data, that is clearly inconsistent with the language and intent of the bill. So the CBO’s cost estimate is meaningless. 
But let’s assume that the EPA decides it must collect and disseminate the data itself. EPA has an $8 billion budget. It spends more than $20 million of taxpayer money every day to issue regulations that cost taxpayers tens of billions of dollars every year. And the President has asked Congress for an increase of $50 million for the Agency this year. 
science that is transparent and available to everyone, and do it with funds from its already massive budget. A Federal agency that spends over $8 billion a year in taxpayer money should be able to afford to honor the public’s right to know. 
EPA to continue business as usual and would ignore congressional intent and statutory language. For these reasons, I oppose the amendment. 
know that the EPA’s jurisdiction is to make sure that we have clean water and clean air. That is sort of the basics of it. 
And now we are hearing from the majority, Mr. Chairman, that not only do they not believe the science and they think it is secret, they also don’t believe the Congressional Budget Office. 
and choose which numbers we believe out of the Congressional Budget Office, the fact is that the Congressional Budget Office, not just this year but in the last term as well, said that this bill would cost American taxpayers $250 million if the Agency were implementing it according to the legislative language. So I don’t think that the majority should be allowed to pick and choose its science or pick and choose its numbers. 
fact, has said that this bill would cost $250 million to implement, more than 25,000 times the amount that is authorized in the language, and I think it is unacceptable for us to just denigrate 
the EPA, say that it is engaged in secret science, and then tell them that we want you to implement a bill without providing the resources that it takes to do it. 
as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON ), my colleague and the ranking Democrat on the committee. 
Texas. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlelady, and I fully support her amendment. 
EPA normally relies upon approximately 50,000 scientific studies each year to support these actions. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that if EPA were to cut the amount of studies they considered in half, it would still cost the Agency roughly $250 million annually to comply with this legislation. 
to pay more in order to do less, yet my colleagues are only providing EPA with $1 million annually to comply with the provisions of this bill. 
This forces EPA into a loselose situation. Either drastically limit the amount of science used to protect the public health and the environment or spend hundreds of millions of dollars per year ensuring that the job is done right. 
why it is so difficult to read this bill. It is only two pages long. And those who are concerned about the cost ought to recognize—or I hope they have realized and seen—that the bill this year reads differently than the bill last year. 
And what I would like to do is read 
to those who are opposed who raised the cost issue. Look at lines 17 and 18 of page 1 and lines 1 and 2 of page 2. They read as follows: ‘‘Nothing in the subsection shall be construed as requiring the Administrator to disseminate scientific and technical information.’’ 
it is always nice to hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle so concerned about the cost of legislation. 
estimate, H.R. 1030 does not require the EPA to disseminate information. It requires the EPA to base their regulations on data that is public so that all Americans are better informed about the regulations that affect their daily lives. 
they deserve all the data. They have the right to know if the regulations they are forced to live under are justified by sound science. 
year. Surely it can base its rules on science that is transparent and available to everyone. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–37. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
Nothing in this Act shall prevent the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from considering or relying upon any peerreviewed scientific publication even if such publication is based on data that is prohibited from public disclosure. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 138, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) and a Member 
of my colleagues about the importance of transparency that we have heard over the course of this debate. An open government with transparent rules and regulations is at the very core of our democracy. But I am discouraged and disappointed that we are having this debate yet again, especially on a bill that undermines science even more dramatically than last year’s version. 
come together to tackle our greatest problems, we are a stronger nation. Whether we are talking about achievements in cancer treatment or clean water, science makes us healthier, more innovative, and more competitive. Unfortunately, the bill we are considering today takes science off the table for the EPA, the very Agency entrusted with keeping our air clean, our water safe, and our homes clear of toxic substances. 
unworkable standards, prohibiting it from using certain studies simply because they include information that, by law, cannot be made public, such as people’s personal health records. 
thing. It fixes that oversight by clarifying that the EPA should use the most 
reliable scientific information available, regardless of whether that can be publicly disclosed. 
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the EPA relies on about 50,000 scientific studies every year. As written, H.R. 1030 would drastically shrink this number. The bill before us could even prohibit the EPA from using other governmentfunded research, like NIH studies that link toxic substances to premature births or CDC research on mitigating the impact of natural disasters on public health. 
Furthermore, there are several protections in place already to ensure the science the EPA uses is properly vetted and credited. First, any and all studies go through a significant peer review process, including an independent analysis. Second, Mr. Chairman, the Office of Science and Technology Policy is already working to ensure that all publicly funded research is available online. Third, public comment periods allow for anyone, an individual or organization, to submit evidence supporting or opposing a proposed regulation. However, this bill would actually put limits on the public comment period. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation jeopardizes our clean air, our clean water, and the health of our families. I urge the House to accept my amendment to clarify that the EPA may use the most reliable science available. 
I would also like to thank my colleagues from Massachusetts, Congressman JIMMCGOVERN and K ATHERINE  
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
first of all, I want to thank my colleague and friend from Massachusetts for offering this amendment, but I must oppose it. 
that the bill does something that, in fact, it does not. The amendment also creates a loophole the EPA Administrator could easily exploit. 
act prevents the EPA from considering or relying upon peer reviewed science, the amendment appears to imply that the bill would do otherwise. This is simply not true. 
The EPA, through its implementation of the Information Quality Act, is already required to rely on peer reviewed information. Nothing in this legislation changes that. 
what the gentleman’s amendment would undermine—is to ensure that the science the EPA relies upon is publicly available and verifiable. 
opportunity to examine the assumptions and methodologies that EPA relies upon when it makes public regulations. It is time for the EPA to show its work and come out into the daylight. Peer review alone is not a sufficient check. Peer reviewers are not always provided the underlying data, and the quality of peer review is highly variable. 
is that public policy should be backed up by public data. Peer review alone does not allow independent scientists to verify the EPA’s claims. 
purpose of the bill and provide the EPA Administrator with permission to disregard the basic principles of transparency and accountability that are provided by H.R. 1030. For these reasons, I oppose the amendment. 
could inquire into the time that I have remaining. 
to begin by thanking the chairman of the committee, my friend from Texas, for his friendship and for the work that he has been doing. I know that we share the same goal of having a transparent government and a transparent enforcement mechanism. Unfortunately, I think he and I have come to disagree on the underlying impact of my amendment and the underlying bill itself. 
The EPA—the goal of this amendment is to make sure that they are able to rely on the most sound, reliable information available. We heard from the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ), my colleague, earlier that 
there are already constraints put in place by this legislation that limit the EPA from doing so should this bill 
challenge and tries to make sure that when we are making rules and regulations that are going to impact our society that we are using the best data that is available. All of that data and all of those studies must be peer reviewed. There is a process which the EPA goes through that is publicly available and not actually under any 
sort of challenge because the underlying bill here doesn’t say that that peer review process is flawed. 
So if we take it as given, then, that 
that peer review process is sound and is strong and can be relied upon, then the issue is the underlying data. And what we have seen here is an effort to try to ensure that, yes, the analysis and the method for the inquiry is actually available, but the underlying data that can contain people’s personal health records, that can contain personally identifiable information is kept private to not expose people to the dissemination of data that they never even knew was going to be publicly available. 
That is the sole point of this amendment: to ensure that our government is using information for the highest and 
best use as we promulgate rules and regulations that are going to impact the American people—nothing less, nothing more. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say to my friend from Massachusetts that I appreciate his comments and his friendship as well. While we agree on many things, we do happen to disagree on this one amendment. 
Let me also say that I wish he was 
still a member of the Science Committee, and he would be welcomed back any time. 
amendment would allow the EPA to continue to hide the data it says justifies its regulations. 
Peer review does not allow independent scientists to verify the EPA’s claims. It is not a sufficient check to ensure that the EPA uses the best science available. 
principles of transparency and accountability. This amendment would make it harder to achieve that goal. 
Giving independent scientists an opportunity to examine the data that the EPA relies upon when it makes public regulations will ensure transparency and accountability. 
public data. Peer review alone will not give the American people all the facts. 
data. They have the right to know if the regulations paid for with their tax dollars are based upon the best science available. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114–37 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 164, noes 254, not voting 14, as follows: 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Fudge Graves (MO) Hinojosa Hurd (TX) Kaptur Kelly (IL) 
WALBERG, ABRAHAM, MILLER of Florida, WALZ, and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
TORRES, and Messrs. ISRAEL and PASCRELL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chair, on rollcall 
No. 122 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2minute 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 231, not voting 17, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
123 I was detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
123 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible, and, pursuant to House Resolution 138, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. TAKAI. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
1030 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
the Environmental Protection Agency shall not rely on advice from any scientist whose primary source of research funds comes from corporations or individuals convicted of major environmental crimes, including the release of toxic pollutants into safe drinking water, refusal to clean up Superfund waste sites, or violations from the release of air pollutants that endanger human health and safety. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Hawaii is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill would immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is simple. It would prohibit the EPA from relying on advice from any scientist whose primary source of research funding comes from corporations or individuals convicted of major environmental crimes. The Democratic motion to recommit would help ensure the integrity and the independence of the EPA’s scientific review process by prohibiting the reliance on advice from those who are funded by the biggest abusers of our environment. 
Act, would impose arbitrary, unnecessary, and expensive requirements that would seriously impede the EPA’s ability to use science to protect public health and the environment, as required under an array of environmental laws, while increasing uncertainty for businesses and States. This bill would stack the cards in favor of industry backed data studies rather than the most reliable studies. In doing so, it will prevent the EPA from using the best data possible to make decisions. 
backed studies that lied about the effects of cigarette smoking in order to avoid labeling, regulation, and fines. That is the type of data that this bill wants the EPA to rely on to make decisions about our environment—industrybacked data that shifts the favor to polluters, climate deniers, and those who do not have the best interests of public health and our environment in mind. This amendment would make sure that this data does not come from corporations or individuals who show disregard for our environmental laws, which is the main reason the EPA exists in the first place. 
Consequences of H.R. 1030 could include the public release of industry funded studies and data intended to bias the body of scientific evidence that the EPA is allowed to consider towards a particular industry position. For example, research that shows arsenic, mercury, or benzene is not bad for you could be in the majority of studies the EPA is allowed to base its recommendations and regulations on. 
claim that this bill increases the EPA’s transparency and accountability by ensuring that its regulations are based on public data that can be verified and reproduced. In reality, this bill would prevent the EPA from functioning effectively and from using the most relevant scientific data, including data that is legally protected from public disclosure. 
science that can be considered by the EPA does not strengthen scientific integrity but undermines it. The EPA relies on peer reviewed scientific research from our universities as the backbone of its mission to protect public health and our environment. This amendment ensures that this data does not come from sources that routinely break our environmental laws. Because clinicians and researchers are legally prohibited from making the data publicly available, if this bill becomes law, the EPA would be forced to ignore this valuable research when protecting the public. 
public safer, which is the fundamental function of government. The Secret Science Reform Act would only reduce the science available to the EPA on some of the most important decisions it makes. 
Mr. Speaker, over 30 of the most respected groups that are dedicated to scientific and health research have opposed this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. However, before doing so, I urge my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment to this bill. 
prohibit the EPA from relying on advice from any scientist whose primary source of research funding comes from corporations or individuals convicted of major environmental crimes. This ensures the integrity and independence of the EPA’s scientific review process by prohibiting advice from those who are funded by the biggest abusers of our environment. 
of the Democratic motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the gentleman from Hawaii, whom I have not actually had the chance to make friends with yet, you are actually hitting on one really good point: If there is data being used by bad actors, shouldn’t we all know it? 
with their keeping their data sets secret, none of you are going to get to know that. That is actually what this 
piece of legislation fixes. If there is going to be data of groups that are bad actors—industries that you consider dodgy—wouldn’t it be a wonderful thing to have that data available for everyone, whether you be on the right or whether you be on the left, so it can be refined by sunshine? so it can be reviewed and meshed up against other data sets? 
If you believe that making information public refines it, if you believe public policy should be made by public data and public data should be available in the making of public policy, you like this piece of legislation. 
we have had this time and last year is that I have a number of memos, demand letters, threats of subpoenas from when the left in this body was in both the majority and the minority, but there was a Republican President who was demanding this type of legislation. Let’s try something new around here: a little bit of intellectual consistency. Do you believe the public—the researchers, the scientists, those who are academics, those who just have an interest in the subject area—should have the right to touch the data, to model it, to stress it, to put it up against other data sets and see if we are doing what is best for our environment? Are we doing it the best way? Is there a better way? Is there a more efficient way? Is there a more costeffective way? That is what this bill accomplishes, and I have no idea why my brothers and sisters on the left are so fearful of that. 
As I yield back, I beg all of my fellow 
Members here to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation but to vote ‘‘no’’ on this motion to recommit. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 239, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 175, not voting 16, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
125 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, on March 
18, 2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed one vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 125. 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be 
present to cast my vote on passage of H.R. 1030—The Secret Science Reform Act. I wish the record to reflect my intentions had I been able to vote. Had I been present for rollcall No. 125, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
thirdgeneration farmer from Washington State, I am amazed by the level of progress our Nation’s agricultural community has made, even in just my lifetime. It is because of this great progress that today we celebrate March 18 as National Agriculture Day. 
1960s the average American farmer fed 25 people. Today it is 144 people. The difference is that today our farmers are growing more disease and pestresistant crops that require less water and pesticides and better conserve our natural resources. Advancements in technology and technique have allowed our farmers to continue the longheld tradition of caring for the land they use and the people they grow for. 
join me in recognizing our farming community and the essential role they continue to fill in feeding our Nation and the world. 
E. ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN UPON HIS RETIREMENT AS CHANCELLOR OF THE UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF MARYLAND 
pay tribute to one of our Nation’s greatest higher education leaders and a great advocate for accessible quality higher education. He is a dear friend and a colleague of mine for the last 40 years. 
Kirwan will retire after 12 years as chancellor of the University System of Maryland. Under his leadership, the University System has transformed from being a national leader in public higher education into a national model in several areas; these include campus diversity, academic innovation, and efforts to close the achievement gap. 
There is, of course, a lot I could say, 
Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues about Dr. Kirwan’s distinguished career and commitment to improving higher education across the country. 
‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan, who has served as chancellor of the University System of Maryland (USM) for more than twelve years, will retire after a career dedicated to advancing higher education. 
and the State of Maryland in a way few others have. After a quartercentury as an educator and administrator at the University of Maryland, he was President of the University of Maryland, College Park, before serving as President of The Ohio State University. Later, he returned to Maryland to assume the position of USM Chancellor. Common threads throughout his fiftyoneyear career in public higher education include an unwavering commitment to affordability, a passion for excellence, and a drive to increase access, especially for underrepresented minorities and lowincome students. 
helped move the USM from a national leader in public higher education to a national model in several areas. The USM’s groundbreaking Effectiveness and Efficiency (E&E) initiative—a reengineering of administrative and academic processes to cut costs and improve quality—has been profiled in national publications and specifically cited by President Obama. The ‘‘Closing the Achievement Gap’’ Initiative, which USM launched in 2007, targets the gap in college participation, retention, and graduation rates between lowincome students, first generation college students, and underrepresented minorities, on one hand, and the general student population on the other. With this enhanced focus, these gaps in diversity have been narrowed—and even eliminated—on some USM campuses. 
As President of the University of Maryland, College Park, Dr. Kirwan helped make that institution one of the most diverse public research universities in the United States. As President of The Ohio State University, he made diversity a centerpiece of the University’s Academic Plan. When he left Ohio State in 2002, the University added his name to its interdisciplinary research institute dedicated to understanding racial and ethnic disparities worldwide, now known as the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity. 
Dr. Kirwan’s effort to establish a productive working relationship with Maryland’s elected officials is another testament to his leadership. By aligning higher education goals with state priorities, the USM has ushered in an era of academic and research excellence, targeted workforce development, greater economic impact, and improved affordability. In fact, the average tuition for undergraduate instate students at USM institutions, once the nation’s seventh highest, has now dropped to twentysixth. 
With the launch of its Course Redesign Initiative in 2006, the USM became the first university system in the nation to use innovative new technology to redesign entire courses. To facilitate academic transformation and excellence even further, in 2012 the USM established the Center for Academic Innovation (CAI) to develop, apply, and evaluate more ways to deliver highquality courses optimizing technology and other resources systemwide. Today the USM is recognized as a national leader in the burgeoning academic innovation movement. 
flourished, and his lifetime of achievement and service will be celebrated on April 18 at a special retirement gala that will raise endowment funds for the Center for Academic Innovation, which promises to continue exploring the themes of access, affordability, and excellence in higher education that have been hallmarks of his career. 
I hope my colleagues in the House will join 
me in thanking Dr. Kirwan for fiftyone years of service to higher education in our country and congratulating him on his retirement. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Women’s History Month, which honors and celebrates the struggles and achievements of American women throughout the history of the United States. 
Since 1917, when Republican Representative Jeannette Rankin of Montana became the first woman to serve in Congress, 313 women have served as U.S. Representatives, Senators, or Delegates. 
history by electing a record number of women to Congress. In January, 12 new women were sworn in to the House of Representatives, joining 72 incumbents who won reelection. The number of women serving in the Senate has reached 20, and four of the five nonvoting Delegates are women. 
and a commitment to good ideas and teamwork are changing the way Washington does business. The women of the 
114th Congress are shaping our Nation, and it is an opportunity and responsibility that we take seriously. 
today in observation of National Women’s History Month. During this time, it is important to celebrate the achievements and contributions of women in our great Nation. 
Mayor Jean Stothert, the 51st mayor of the great city of Omaha, Nebraska, and the first woman elected to this office. 
moved to Nebraska, quickly embracing her new home. Her advocacy garnered an appointment to the Millard school board, a position to which she was reelected three times. 
she sought and won election to the Omaha City Council in 2009. With a strong work ethic and ambition, Mayor Stothert was elected mayor of the city of Omaha on May 14, 2013. 
editorial cartoonist Jeff Koterba of the Omaha WorldHerald portrays Mayor Stothert breaking the proverbial glass ceiling in Omaha. 
Good for her—she represents a phalanx of women in Omaha who are taking leadership positions in our community and in our State. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation, Energy, and Forestry, which I chair, held a hearing to review the definition of the ‘‘waters of the United States’’ proposed rule and its impact on rural America. 
established a FederalState partnership to protect our Nation’s navigable waterways; however, despite strong opposition from Congress and the public, the Obama administration has taken upon itself to redefine the Clean Water Act’s jurisdictional waters. The EPA’s proposed rule could have serious consequences for rural America and the Nation’s economy. 
Committee on Agriculture asserted that the administration has acted on its own, without input from the States and stakeholders, to broaden the scope of the Clean Water Act, threatening the livelihood of farmers, ranchers, and rural America. 
It is my hope that yesterday’s hearing will spur the administration to pull 
and stakeholders first or repropose the rule and allow a new round of public comment. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, today, I have introduced the addressing the wealth gap resolution which calls on Congress to recognize the wealth gap and the racial wealth gap as national economic crises and focus its efforts on their elimination. 
wealth gap since 1983. The statistics are alarming. Wealthy families make nearly seven times as much as middle class families and 70 times as much as lower class families. African Americans have 13 times and Latinos have 10 times less wealth than White households. White households have $100,000 more in retirement savings than African Americans and Latinos. 
gap stems from a structural crisis that started well before the Great Recession. The recession hit, and the housing market collapsed and made everything worse. 
families and people of color have had to endure income inequality, slow wage growth, skyrocketing student loans, and continued unequal access to quality education and barriers to the housing market. These are problems that widened the gap and require Congress to implement pragmatic solutions. 
things to change. This is why I am introducing the addressing the wealth gap resolution. The first step to resolving this problem is acknowledging that it exists, and I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join and focus on the goal of rebuilding wealth in America. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 
Speaker, I am here today representing the Congressional Progressive Caucus and to discuss our budget, the people’s budget. I pray that I am not the only one that is speaking for the 60 minutes allotted. 
Representatives released their budget proposal. Although they have a new chairman, they are following the same game plan: privatize Medicare, slash 
spending on safety net programs, and hope that tax cuts for the rich trickle down from top earners to the rest of the country. 
That is not what the American people need. They need a plan that levels the playing field, that gives them an opportunity to succeed, and puts their interests above the interests of corporations and the wealthy. They need a budget that is of the people, by the people, and for the people. That is what we are offering in the people’s budget. 
If you need a way to pay for affordable child care while you are at your job, we have got it in the people’s budget. If you need access to quality education for your children, teachers that are trained to give them the knowledge they need to be great, we have got it in the people’s budget. 
If you worked hard to get into college but now need a way to pay for your tuition, we have got it in the people’s budget. If you can’t make ends meet, if the pay you take home barely keeps a roof over your head and you are making important choices between food and shelter and you are looking for a livable wage, we have got it in the people’s budget. 
GOP, this Congress has offered tax break after tax break after tax break after tax break for corporations and billionaires while cutting the very programs that working Americans rely on to pull themselves up the economic ladder that has given generations of American families access to the middle class. 
If anyone deserves a tax cut, it is not 
millionaires. It is the folks that are loading the trucks, the folks that are scanning the groceries, the folks that are cleaning the office buildings, the folks that are working as clerks, the folks that are working as secretaries, and the folks that are doing the important service jobs that our society so needs. 
priorities that will keep the American people strong, just for everyone. It offers jobs that will restore our middle class. It addresses our Nation’s most pressing challenges, issues like climate change, aging transportation infrastructure, access to education at every level, and goodpaying jobs. 
Congress’ commitment to serving hardworking Americans who are playing by the rules but still not getting ahead. This, Mr. Speaker, is about the lives that regular Americans are able to live. 
Some say that it is not hard to find 
any old job and get a paycheck, but does that job offer a high enough wage or enough hours to pay the rent? Can you take time off for illness or to take care of your kids? Do you know that you will have enough to pay for child care while you are at the job? Do you have health insurance in the event that you need it? My Congressional Progressive Caucus 
colleagues and I think that taxpaying Americans deserve to confidently answer ‘‘yes’’ to all of these questions, and that is what we are fighting for. 
Today, we were given the distinct opportunity to present tenets of our budget to a group of interested people—everyday working people—people who are working for decentpaying jobs. 
They are looking for recognition that they are part of this American Dream, and it is our responsibility to ensure that we are not impediments, but that we are facilitators of that American Dream for everyone. 
my colleague, the chairman of the Progressive Caucus, Congressman ELLISON . 
Mr. ELLISON. Let me thank the gentlewoman for yielding, the Congresswoman from New Jersey, BONNIE WATSONCOLEMAN . 
As I said earlier today, B ONNIE WATSONCOLEMAN may have just got sworn 
in as a Member of Congress a few months ago, but she is no stranger to fighting for people. 
spoke at a rollout of our Progressive Caucus budget where she talked about how you can look at any aspect of the Progressive Caucus budget and you will find the same thing in every place: prioritizing people, making sure people can get their needs met in this government, making sure that workers can get access to a job, making sure that people who are sick but who are working can actually get a sick day so that they don’t bring that sickness back to their workplace and don’t have to abandon their children that might be sick, too. 
creation should be the primary metric of any budget. How are we doing putting people back to work in good jobs? How are we helping take care of them while they are on the job? If they are sick, can they take time off? How are we educating people? You focused on the key elements of the Progressive Caucus budget, and I was proud to hear you do it. 
that we have put out. It is a budget that is about working people. That is why we call it the people’s budget. We urge people to check out the people’s budget online at the Congressional Progressive Caucus Web site. 
Progressive Caucus budget that are important to highlight. It creates 8.4 million goodpaying jobs by 2018. 
budget that was put out yesterday. It was interesting to me that none of my Republican colleagues wanted to tout how many jobs their budget would create, how many jobs the economists— after looking at the Republican budget proposed—would create because that is not what they consider to be a priority; 
Caucus budget. Our priority is 8.4 million goodpaying jobs investing in America, making sure Americans are working again. 
are you going to get all these jobs? One way we are going to get the jobs is we are going to invest $820 billion to repair America’s rapidly aging roads and bridges and upgrade our energy systems to address climate change, keep our communities safe, and prepare for the next generation to thrive in our society and workforce. 
I would like to share with the Speaker that I come from a town—Minneapolis, Minnesota—where, 6 years ago, the I–35 bridge fell into the Mississippi River because we had not taken care of it. We had not done adequate maintenance on this bridge. 
bridge fell. They were Black. They were White. They were wealthy. They were low income. They were born in America. They were born abroad. They were America. That is who lost their lives on that bridge, and 100 more people got injured. 
in infrastructure repair is not just a job creator and a productivity increaser; it is public safety to have decent, safe infrastructure. I am very proud of that. 
States and municipalities hire police, firefighters, health care workers, teachers, librarians, and other public employees. 
Mr. Speaker, I have got to tell you, I 
met with my chiefs of police in the Fifth Congressional District about a week ago. Of course, all of us here tonight represent more than one city. 
very proud to represent a city where law enforcement is dedicated—and they were asking me: What’s going on with the Byrne grants? What’s going on with the JAG grants? What’s going on with the COPS grants? These things that have helped us be a better police department have shrunk. Our ability to protect the public is weakened by our limited resources. 
about that. We are going to rehire teachers. So if you have got a teacher with 30 second graders in the classroom trying to keep up with all of them, we can hire a teacher’s aide who might be able to actually help that teacher do what that teacher does most effectively. 
We put $1.9 trillion in America’s future by investing in the working families. This restores and enhances funding for vital programs that Americans rely on, like SNAP, like food, nutrition, so that young people can be in the classroom and can be fully fed and ready to learn. 
the Progressive Caucus budget. But I wonder if the gentlewoman from New 
Jersey or the gentlewoman from Michigan will yield to a question. 
moral document which lists the priorities of the Nation? 
you very much for giving me the opportunity to respond to that question, Congressman. 
years in appropriations and on the budget committee, and I came to realize that there is no other document that represents the values and the priorities of the governing entity than the budget statement. 
we think our interests lie; where we put our money represents our priorities; where we put our money represents our values. And that is one of the major reasons that I am just so proud to be associated with the people’s budget as crafted by the Congressional Progressive Caucus. 
Caucus budget was not just written by members of the Progressive Caucus. We didn’t just sit in a room and write up a budget. We actually pulled in our partners, like the Economic Policy Institute, labor. 
certainly would like to yield to the gentlelady from Michigan. I just simply want to say that the associations, the affiliations, and the organizations that you identified just very quickly represent the interests of working class people, represent the interests of those who wish to be part of the middle class, and represent those individuals who are responsible for the standards that we have that protect people in the working environment, that protect jobs here in America, and that protect the aspirations and hopefulness of those who recognize that things like public education are great equalizers. 
Congressman, I would very much appreciate the opportunity to yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan, my classmate and my friend, Congresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE . 
I am here today to speak in my support for the Congressional Progressive Caucus alternative budget and their fight for greater access to affordable housing. 
mayor, and the quality of life in America is determined by our housing options, and the CPC budget acknowledges that. We have an affordable housing crisis. 
Only one in four families eligible for housing assistance receive it. There is a shortage of lowincome apartments and rental homes that are affordable in lowincome households. 
We have seen the results of sequestration taking housing assistance from 70,000 families, and the CPC budget moves us from trying to preserve existing affordable housing to making significant improvements and investments in new production. 
mayor of a community, you see firsthand the challenges from unemployment, the challenges of jobs that are being reduced, the unemployed, and trying to maintain housing. 
in this budget we call for two new sources for affordable housing, the National Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Magnet Fund, to be fully funded by contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as is already required by law. This budget gives families and communities devastated by foreclosure the resources to renovate and resell homes and maintain overall property values. 
I come from Michigan, and I represent Detroit. Here I have an article that states: ‘‘Downtown Detroit Tenants Rally to Demand Decent and Affordable Housing.’’ This conversation is happening all over the country while we see some communities where families are actually being displaced as a result of the upper class of our communities being able to buy and push prices up while those in the bottom of our economic class are being challenged every day to find the simple thing that we call quality of life in America, and that is housing. 
campaign to end homelessness, to promote housing, first, through the prevention and rapid rehousing activities. 
order to effectively approach homelessness, a community needs a clear, deliberate, and comprehensive strategy. The low incomes of so many families across this country make this increasingly difficult for them to manage the rising cost of housing. This puts them at risk, and some lose their housing and fall into homelessness. We may call this a homelessness crisis, but it is primarily a housing affordability crisis. 
section 8 need to do a better job of addressing the family housing crisis. However, as this body knows, such subsidies are severely underfunded. Nationally, only onequarter of the need for such subsidies are being met. 
that we, as members of the Progressive Caucus, stress strongly that we present a budget that is funded, that will ensure that in America the American Dream and the basic quality of life right to have a home is maintained through our budget. 
Mr. ELLISON. I represent Minneapolis, Minnesota, and I was talking 
were here in town the other day, and I bet your Housing Authority folks were in town, too. One of the things that they said to me is that they opened up their list, and for 2,000 available units, they had 37,000 people who applied for those positions. 
would like you to react to, if you don’t mind. In Minneapolis, we pride ourselves on being a progressive town. We have got 4,000 kids who leave shelters every day to go to a public school, and those kids are asked to take standardized tests. 
How important is it for a budget, particularly a Progressive Caucus budget, to house America’s people? 
of us who understand the cry of the people for housing, and understand the impact of homelessness on Americans today, funding of housing, affordable housing, is critical. 
board, and one of the things we looked at consistently is: How do we sustain the lowincome or sustainable housing for our population? 
this country, awaken, go to school, and then their families, they are living in cars or they are living in shelters, and they have to take on that responsibility, as a child, and adjust to an environment that they can learn. We know that this is a total distraction. Some of them, through this homelessness, the school is the only stable place for them to go to every single day. 
So now we are in a position where we 
are looking at cutting back on education. We are cutting back on housing. In America, are we sending a message through a budget that will not support sustainable housing for American citizens who are not in the top 1 percent, who some, by no fault of their own, are unemployed? Are we, in this country and as a government, turning our backs on those people? 
Progressive Caucus, a budget that will awaken the minds of so many in this country and this government, and we want our colleagues across the aisle— and all of our colleagues—to look at this budget and say that this is the time in America we need to step up and fund sustainable housing in America. 
Speaker, can you tell us just how much time we have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has approximately 40 minutes remaining. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I appreciate the comments that have been offered by both of my colleagues here. I think that you can certainly understand that a lot of work went into the creation, the development, and the evolution of this budget. We are happy to note that, over the years, some of those issues that were identified by the 
Progressive Caucus have now become part of the regular budget that is presented by the Democratic Caucus. 
things, because I think we just talked about the need for housing. And we recognize that not only did we lose a lot of housing during the predatory lending crisis, a lot of that housing is still vacant, and we need to figure out a way to recapture that housing and use it for affordable housing purposes. Our budget proposes the extension of the use of vouchers for housing because we recognize how fundamental the need is to have safe and secure housing. 
We recognize that, over the last several years, millionaires, billionaires, and corporations have been getting tremendous tax breaks, that the very wealthy have received extremely generous credits. 
credit for work, get tax advantages for the work that working people do, get additional child care credits so that they can provide the kind of safety and security and healthy environment for their families. 
healthy family. Everybody has a desire to be able to participate in our society, to even pay taxes, Mr. Speaker. They just need to have the mechanisms, the infrastructure, the opportunity, the policies that will provide those opportunities, and this budget does just that. 
live, in the United States of America, in poverty. One out of three African American children live in poverty. That is unacceptable for any child to live impoverished in a nation that is as rich and that has so much wealth concentrated in so few hands. 
To whom much is given, much is required, and it is pay now or pay later. 
of our budget that recognizes that education is, indeed, the equalizer here. Not only are we looking to expand access to preschool care, but full funding of K–12. 
higher education is what distinguishes our middle class from those who never can get into the middle class. But we want to make sure that students have access to education without being overly burdened with debt. So we want to look at creating opportunities for students to refinance their debt. 
Let’s look at this country as a country of diplomacy, of humanitarianism. Let’s look at this country as a country of peacefulness and hopefulness for goodwill for all nations. Let us move away from the sort of cold war mentality; look at modernizing our militaristic events; look at what we are doing with our resources; invest our resources here in America, not overseas; seek to bring humanitarian aid; seek to bring diplomacy. Seek, first, peace; seek, first, coalitions; but seek, first and foremost, to invest in America. b1515 
Our unemployment rate is supposedly somewhere around 5 or 6 percent, but that is so misleading. It is so misleading on so many different levels. 
areas, and that is not true in urban areas, and that is not true for minority communities, and that is not true for those who simply aren’t looking anymore because they have been so doggone discouraged that they don’t even think that there is any hope for them to have a job. For those people, for that cohort that I am speaking of, unemployment is double digits. It could be 25 percent. It could be 13 percent. It is something that we really don’t even know exactly what it is, but we need to be focusing on lifting up all of our communities. 
American economy to expand, then we need to know that we need more consumers. We need more jobs. We need more paychecks. We need more customers. And we do that by investing in our middle class. We do that by investing in small businesses, in new businesses, in startups, in education, and in 
research and development. This budget recognizes that if we are going to be the great America that we are supposed to be, that we need to make these investments. 
Today was monumental for me because I got to articulate and to stand with individuals who expressed things that I have believed. Even as a legislator in the State of New Jersey, I believed that if we are to experience an America that really works, an America where our communities are safe because there is full employment—so no one is trying to rob anybody or no one is feeling a need to engage in illegal activity simply to put some food on the table—if we are going to be competitive globally, then we need to be investing in education. We need to be building schools. We need to ensure that even the schools in the poorest districts across the United States of America have all of the 21st century technology and opportunities to learn and produce. And we need to have high expectations. We need to have high expectations for everyone. 
opportunity, and I will take this moment to yield back to my colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), the cochair of our Progressive Caucus. 
that you were saying about the Progressive Caucus budget because I have always believed that you know someone’s treasure by how they prioritize their expenses. 
and if you see a lot of money being spent on television and movies and candy, you know that they care a lot about that. And if you see people spend a lot of money on books and education, you know they care about that. 
budget of a nation where the biggest amounts of the budget are spent on helping rich people get richer and cutting health and safety regulations? What does that mean at a time when income inequality is at its height since the Great Depression? 
budget is that they have been acting like rich people don’t have enough money and poor people have too much for 40 years. What it has brought us is massive income inequality. And their answer to that is to do it some more. 
the welltodo over everyone else. It doesn’t even help rich people very much because rich people own stores and factories and stuff like that. If regular folks, ordinary people don’t have any money, how can they even help boost the consumer demand? 
This economy that we have, it is important to point out that the United States is a country of tremendous resources. This is still the richest country in the world. Not only is America the richest country in the world but America itself has never been richer. 
you scale it on a graph and compare it over time, you are looking at a steadily rising line. Yet the American budget, our governmental expenditures as a proportion of it, we have seen one of the lowest proportions of government spending relative to GDP in a great many years. 
the proportion of government expenditure to GDP has been going down is because America has been giving away the resources that it needs to take care of the needs of its people. I am talking about lifesaving research in medicine. I am talking about dealing with issues of climate. I am talking about infrastructure investment. 
One of the things that the Progressive Caucus budget does to try to recapture some of the money that the government is due and owed is we end corporate inversion and deferral. 
What is corporate inversion? Corporate inversion is where the company does not actually physically move anywhere, but they sell themselves to a foreign corporation with a lower tax rate or no tax rate, thereby escaping the payment of moneys in taxes as an American corporation but not really moving anything. In fact, they might even increase their physical footprint in the country that they are in. 
community. And before I went to criticize the company that did it, I had to deal with the fact that it is legal to do. 
How are you going to blame a corporation for trying to get money when it is legal to do? Well, I say, rather than blame the company, I will blame Congress, you know? So we went and did something about it. We went to the Progressive Caucus budget and we ended inversions. You can’t do that anymore. We are also in this process of deferral, this idea that corporate profits don’t have to be paid as long as they are deferred and kept overseas. We end this process. We end deferrals. I think that these two things alone will bring money back to the United States Government so we can invest in roads and bridges and infrastructure, so we can make sure that no 5yearold kid is leaving a shelter and going to a public school in the morning, so we can make sure that there is enough SNAP, that kids have a decent meal to eat, and that our seniors can actually hope to one day be able to beat Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s and all of these kinds of diseases. These things take public investment to solve these kinds of medical problems. 
am very proud to be a part of it because it is a budget that looks at the needs of the American people and does something about it. 
side of it. We have universal preK. Now, it doesn’t matter if you are a conservative economist or if you are a liberal economist; they all agree that the best return on investment is educating little kids. You educate those little guys and it will keep them out of trouble. It will put them on a path to college or some form of higher education. And they will not become a government expense; they will be a government asset. They will not be an expenditure on the taxpayer; they will be paying taxes. 
just know that, we actually do something about it by funding universal preK. I am so happy about that because, you know, those little guys are so cute, and we definitely want to see those brighteyed little children maximize their talents. They are actually really smart. And if you put them in an educational environment, an academic environment where they can do more than just learn how to count—they can maybe even learn how to use a computer—you never know what tremendous benefits they will bring to our society. And we move from there. 
In K–12 education, we help fund municipal and local public employees who need that kind of help. We have placed $95 billion in that, where we can, again, put a teacher or a teacher’s aide back into the classroom. Ever since the recession in 2008, local governments have been shedding public employees, including teachers. 
Now, what does this mean? To the average teacher, the average teacher used to have a classroom of 28 kids, 19 kids. Well, those classes are bigger because you have got fewer teachers. You used to be able to have a little budget to decorate the classroom, to put inspiring messages and notes and pictures up there. 
I would actually like to ask the gentlelady from New Jersey a question. Have you had the experience of talking to a teacher where they tell you that they are going into their own pocket to 
have I heard it, but I have helped some of the teachers buy the supplies for their classrooms. 
we need to respond to these kinds of things. 
I would also like to ask the gentlelady, What does it mean to a police department that needs about, you know, 40 people to protect the people of the city but only has 20 folks? What does that mean? Does that mean the officers aren’t getting out of their cars and forming relationships? Does that mean they are just running from call to call to call? Does that mean they may not have the equipment that they need? What does it mean? 
you for that question, Congressman. It means all of those things. 
the capital of the State of New Jersey, which is the city of Trenton, it means that our neighborhoods are unsafe. It means that police are running to situations that have already occurred, as opposed to having the resources and the capacity to understand what is happening out there and be proactive and preventative in nature. So it certainly does negatively impact the quality of life for those who live in the city—and cities particularly—and those who work there. 
the seniors who invested in the cities years ago when the cities where the thriving environments, Congressman, and now they are still living there because they can’t afford to move. So they are finding themselves in communities where, because of the housing crisis, there are vacant houses all around them. Members of gangs have settled into some of those houses, creating almost prisonlike environments for the people who can’t even go outside and sit on their porch. And all of this has been the function of our disinvestment in our cities. 
Mr. ELLISON. The Progressive Caucus budget is trying to step up and address these issues. When you talk to officers and firefighters, health care workers, teachers, librarians, all of these local government functions have been cut. 
hours cut in your city because the Federal assistance or the local municipalities just don’t have enough funding for the library, so the hours get cut, the library staff gets cut. What does that mean to a local community? 
you for the opportunity to address this because I know this firsthand. In the capital city in the State of New Jersey, 
divide in urban centers and in poor environments, and sometimes the only 
and the Internet and the capacity to do research is in the libraries, in the local libraries. So it has negatively impacted their ability to get the information that they need to succeed in school. 
who are looking for jobs, who go to libraries to be able to research jobs on the Internet. It has had a devastating impact on the community. 
Progressive budget, and we recognize that we wish to restore services, restore funding to programs that empower our communities, it is giving them a chance, again, to become productive, productive in the work environment, productive in the school environment. It restores hope where hope has been taken away for so long. 
Mr. ELLISON. That is right. If I could just say, putting workers 
back on the job who are firefighters, librarians, police officers, teachers, these are very important to the quality of life. 
as everyday heroes. They may not wear big letters on their chest. But when I think about the people other than my parents who helped inspire me, it was probably a teacher, probably a cop who saw me hanging on the corner and said, Hey, man, we know you are smart. You can do better than what you are doing. 
people are the everyday heroes that make neighborhoods run every single day. So I just think it is important for the Progressive Caucus to say, We are going to prioritize rehiring these people who have been let go in the course of this recession. 
We have seen private sector employment increase every single month. But you know what? We have also seen public sector employment actually go down. 
One of the things I would also like to 
get your take on, if you wouldn’t mind sharing your views on this issue, is restoring and enhancing emergency unemployment compensation. As you know, back on December 26, 2013, the longterm unemployed were just cast adrift by the Republican majority. These are people who were working but just couldn’t find a job soon enough. Some people tried to imply that they were lazy and just didn’t want a job, so we had to kick them off unemployment so they would actually look for a job. 
all, let me just say for those individuals who, without any fault of their own, were victims of the trickledown economics that have failed us from 40 years ago to even today, those individuals who but for the shift in policies and having this negative impact because of trickledown economics which doesn’t work except for perhaps on an essay paper, they struggled. They struggled. They lost their homes; they 
lost their family; they lost their health care; and they lost their health. 
responsibility that government has to those individuals. So to extend the unemployment benefits for the 99 weeks, I believe it is over a 2year period, gives people an opportunity, as well as gives the policymakers an opportunity to create opportunities for these people to find jobs and to have some meager form of income while they are looking, because they basically have been left with absolutely nothing. So it is a further illustration that the people’s budget is a reflection of the people’s needs. I am so very fortunate to be associated with it. 
One last thing I wanted to raise as it 
relates to our urban centers, Mr. Speaker, right now in Washington, D.C., there is a conference of the urban mayors from the State of New Jersey. I am going to have an opportunity to speak to them later on this evening. I tell you, I am very excited to talk to them about what it means to support the Progressive budget, the alternative Progressive Caucus budget, and what it means to their communities, whether it is for education, for teachers, for aides, for paraprofessionals, for police, for nurses, for hospitals, whatever. They will understand that this is a budget that recognizes that where the majority of the people live in this country there is a budget that acknowledges that their needs are paramount to the success of collective success of our economy and our country. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ELLISON. That’s right. I thank 
that, again, the Progressive Caucus budget is in dramatic contrast to the Republican budget. Take the Republican budget, for example. The Republican budget calls for repealing the Affordable Care Act. This is a piece of legislation that has extended health care access to literally millions and millions and millions of people. The Republicans want to snatch health care access out of people who now, for the first time in their life, have acquired it; and they are doing it by saying: Oh, we want you to have freedom, and we think ObamaCare infringes on your freedom, so now be free to be sick with no access to health care other than an emergency room. 
Medicare. Is that what we need is privatization of Medicare? 
wanted to privatize Social Security. They wanted to say: We are going to take all the money you saved, and we are going to put it in some Wall Street account. Of course, they will be administered for a ‘‘reasonable fee’’—I put that in quotes—but don’t worry about it. Everything will be fine. 
and plummet. They go up and they go down. But when you are talking about 
something like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, these have to be stable and reliable, and they want to privatize it as they have proposed to other important programs. 
stamps into block grants for States. What does that mean? In some States, maybe the Governor will do the right thing. I am pretty confident in Minnesota our Governor would do the right thing. Our unemployment is at a record low. In our State, our wages have been climbing. We actually have a surplus in the State of Minnesota. Our nextdoor neighbor, Wisconsin, is run by Scott Walker. They have a big, ugly deficit, which is embarrassing, given that he is supposed to be this fiscal conservative. But facts don’t seem to bother some people. 
want to block grant these programs. If you block grant it in Minnesota, it will be less money. Whenever there is a budget pinch, they will use that money for other things other than the intended purpose. But if you send it to a State like Wisconsin with a Governor like Scott Walker, the people who are intended to benefit from that money may never ever see it at all. And so this is a very important program not to block grant these programs. 
eliminate any taxation on profits reported abroad—come on. As a matter of fact, if just cutting taxes to the bone and cutting taxes for rich people as much as we possibly can would be good for the economy, wouldn’t we have avoided the recession of 2008? We should have more jobs than we could possibly imagine with these guys. We should have never had any recession, and every American should be paid, I don’t know, $100,000 a year if just cutting taxes was good for the economy. Cutting taxes is good for some people, but it is not good for the economy overall. The evidence is all around us. The Republicans want to turn the rest of the world into a tax haven for multinationals. 
to set the record straight. He has been trying to signal what an economy where there is shared prosperity should look like. But the fact is that, if you look at the Republican budget and you contrast it with other proposals, it certainly fails the test of being good for the American people. The Progressive Caucus budget, on the other hand, passes the test. We do programs that actually help the American people: universal preK, robust support for title I, and debtfree college to ensure every child gets a quality education. When you contrast their budget and you look at our budget, it is clear which one the American people find to be most meritorious. 
So we ask people to look at the Progressive Caucus budget. We ask people to read it; share it with your friends; offer your views on it. We ask people to 
budgets next week. Probably we will have a vote. We think it is important for Americans to tune in to this debate. Because if you are an American person and you are busy, you are trying to raise kids, you are trying get to work on time, and you are trying to earn a living, you don’t have time to be plugged in to politics like some of us who do this our whole lives. You are busy. But you are smart and you know what is going on. 
I am going to ask Americans to actually slow down and say: Hey, look, what is going on in this budget? What does the Republican budget look like? They want to cut taxes. They don’t want overseas corporations to return those profits and pay taxes on that. The Progressive Caucus wants to let the little kids go to school, let the teenagers and the young adults go to school. They want to train our workforce, and they want to invest in our Nation’s infrastructure. 
gentlewoman for upholding the Progressive Caucus message, and I wish you very great success in the people’s budget. 
Speaker, I am thankful for this opportunity to share the good news about the Progressive budget and to inform those who are here as well as those who are at home what this budget represents. 
like to address that we may not have clearly or substantively articulated has to do with environmental issues. This budget acknowledges the devastating impact that we have had on the environment, and it takes concrete steps to reverse it, forcing polluters to pay for the carbon that is causing so much of our climate change, eliminating fossil fuel subsidies for Big Oil that, frankly, don’t need government support, and ensuring EPA has the resources it needs to help reduce our carbon footprint. 
We have spent this last 45, 50 minutes—I am thankful for this opportunity—sharing the good news about the people’s budget, the Progressive budget, and I hope that anyone who has a need for additional information will seek this information out online. 
KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
many Americans struggle to realize the dream of higher education. Our current 
system is unaffordable, inflexible, and outdated, and it has resulted in too many students unable to complete college, saddled with loan debt, and ill equipped to compete in our modern economy. 
regulations, a lack of transparency, and a dizzying maze of student aid programs have only contributed to the problem. Students and families deserve better. 
were in high school and contemplating the possibility of college, we were penniless people. In his case, his parents had no formal education—they couldn’t read and write—and my family had very limited education, but we understood then that the way out of poverty was to go to college, work hard, and get a good job. Folks like us who had no resources could do that. It is very difficult for people in this day and time to do what he and I did. He graduated from college with a very small debt. I graduated from college with absolutely no debt because of working my way through. It did take me 7 years to do it, but I was able to do it. 
provide an environment in this country where people with very limited resources can do what my husband and I and millions of other young people did in the past, which is get a higher education without going deeply into debt to do so. 
Higher Education Act provides Congress an opportunity to help every individual—regardless of age, location, or background—access and complete higher education if they choose. 
To inform the reauthorization process, the Education and the Workforce Committee has held 15 hearings over the last several years. After receiving feedback from students, institutions, innovators, administrators, and researchers, the committee established a set of key principles that will guide our reform of the postsecondary education law. 
families to make informed decisions when it comes to selecting the institution that meets their unique needs. Today’s higher education resources are incomplete and inaccurate and often complicate the financial aid process, misguiding students about their academic and financial options. Developing a more streamlined and transparent system, as well as enhancing financial literacy services, will help students better understand the higher education landscape and make choices based on easytounderstand, relevant information. 
Second, we must simplify and improve student aid. Currently, the Federal Government operates more than 10 aid programs, each with its own set of rules and requirements. Many students, particularly firstgeneration and lowincome students, are overwhelmed 
by the complexity of the current system, which can ultimately deter them from accessing the aid that will help make college a reality. 
programs will simplify the application and eligibility process and help more students understand, manage, and repay their debt. 
access, and completion. In recent years, as the postsecondary student population has changed, many institutions have developed new approaches to delivering higher education, including competencybased curriculums and online classes. 
make every effort to support these innovations, as they have enabled more Americans to earn a degree or certificate faster with less cost and without additional disruption to their daily lives. 
Finally, we must ensure strong accountability by limiting the Federal role. The current administration has subjected institutions to onerous regulations and requirements, which have created a costly and timeconsuming process, hampered innovation, and jeopardized academic freedom. 
Eliminating ineffective Federal burdens will provide States and institutions the flexibility they need to deliver effectively a highquality education to their students. 
will translate into meaningful Federal reforms that reflect the evolving needs of students and the workforce. 
Higher Education and Workforce Training held its first hearing of the 114th Congress, where we heard policy recommendations on how we can strengthen America’s higher education system to serve students, families, workers, and taxpayers better. 
It is my great hope that this Congress will 
have the courage to see the challenges and treat reauthorization of the Higher Education Act as an opportunity for reform. 
will reduce the costs of higher education’s regulatory burdens, simplify and improve student aid, and create an environment more conducive to innovation in higher education. 
the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, stressed the need for ‘‘access to clear, meaningful data . . . to answer questions and provide essential information for higher education stakeholders—for students and families to make more informed decisions about where to attend college, for policymakers to determine allocations of public resources and evaluate institutional effectiveness, and for college leaders to facilitate innovation and successful student outcomes.’’ 
for simplifying Federal aid, Mr. Michael Bennett, associate vice president for financial aid services at St. Petersburg College, recommended ‘‘a new repayment model that will simplify and streamline the repayment process by collapsing the various existing plans into two basic plans . . . simplifying repayment for students would certainly decrease default rates and the taxpayers’ burden of having to shoulder the costs of defaulted loans.’’ 
many conversations and what can be done to maintain the strength of our robust higher education system. We have a responsibility to act now to preserve our unique role in the world as a summit of opportunity. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I submit for publication in the C ONGRESSIONAL RECORD the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Education and the Workforce for the U.S. House of Representatives for the 114th Congress: 
RULE 1 . REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
or she considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. 
and its subcommittees shall be open to the public, including radio, television, and still photography coverage, unless such meetings are closed pursuant to the requirements of the Rules of the House of Representatives. No business meeting of the Committee, other than regularly scheduled meetings, may be held without each member being given reasonable notice. 
Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education. —Education 
from early learning through the high school level, including but not limited to elementary and secondary education, special education, homeless education, and migrant education; overseas dependent schools; career and technical education; school safety and alcohol and drug abuse prevention; school lunch and child nutrition programs; educational research and improvement including the Institute of Education Sciences; environmental education; preservice and in service teacher professional development including Title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and Title II of the Higher Education Act; early care and education programs including the Head Start Act and 
programs, including but not limited to those providing for the care and treatment of certain atrisk youth, including the Juvenile 
matters dealing with child abuse and domestic violence, including the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act and child adoption. 
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training. —Education and training beyond the high school level, including but not limited to higher education generally, postsecondary student assistance and employment services, and the Higher Education Act; 
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; all domestic volunteer programs; all programs related to the arts and humanities, museum and library services, and arts and artifacts indemnity; postsecondary career and technical education, apprenticeship programs, and job training, including the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, vocational rehabilitation, and training programs from immigration funding; science and technology programs; adult basic education (family literacy); all welfare reform programs, including work incentive programs and welfaretowork requirements; poverty programs, including the Community Services 
Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP); the Native American Programs Act; the Institute of 
Peace; and all matters dealing with programs and services for the elderly including nutrition programs and the Older Americans 
Wages and hours of workers, including but not limited to the DavisBacon Act, the 
compensation including the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act, the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, and the Black 
Polygraph Protection Act of 1988; trade and immigration issues as they affect employers and workers; workers’ safety and health, including but not limited to occupational safety and health, mine safety and health, and migrant and agricultural worker safety and health; and all matters related to equal employment opportunity and civil rights in employment. 
and Pensions. —All matters dealing with relationships between employers and employees, including but not limited to the National 
Relations Act, and the LaborManagement Reporting and Disclosure Act; the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics; and employmentrelated health and retirement security, including pension, health, and other employee benefits and the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Committee may provide for such temporary, ad hoc subcommittees as determined to be appropriate. 
The Chair of the Committee and the ranking minority party member (‘‘Ranking Member’’) shall be ex officio members, but not voting members, of each subcommittee to which such Chair or Ranking Member has not been assigned. 
or hearing dates after consultation with the Chair and other subcommittee chair with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings, wherever possible. No such meetings or hearings, however, shall be held outside of Washington, D.C., or during a recess or adjournment of the House of Representatives without the prior authorization of the Committee Chair. Where practicable, 14 days’ notice will be given of such meeting or hearing. 
To facilitate the oversight and other legislative and investigative activities of the Committee, the Chair of the Committee may, at the request of a subcommittee chair, make a temporary assignment of any member of the Committee to such subcommittee for the purpose of constituting a quorum and of enabling such member to participate in any public hearing, investigation, or study by such subcommittee to be held outside of Washington, D.C. Any member of the Committee may attend public hearings of any subcommittee and any member of the Committee may question witnesses only when 
conducted by the Committee, and the appropriate subcommittee chair, in the case of hearings to be conducted by a subcommittee, shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing unless the Chair of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Member, determines that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date or the Committee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of members required under the rules of the Committee for the transaction of business. In the latter event, the Chair or the subcommittee chair, as the case may be, shall have such an announcement promptly published in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. To the extent practicable, the Chair or the subcommittee chair shall make public announcement of the final list of witnesses scheduled to testify at least 48 hours before the commencement of the hearing. The staff director of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record as soon as practicable after such public announcement is made. 
hearings, receive exhibits, hear witnesses, and report to the Committee for final action, together with such recommendations as may be agreed upon by the subcommittee. 
of the Committee or any subcommittee is a constituent of a member of the Committee or subcommittee, such member shall be entitled to briefly introduce such witness at the hearing. 
who are to appear before the Committee or a subcommittee shall file with the staff director of the Committee, at least 48 hours in advance of their appearance, a written statement of their proposed testimony, together with a brief summary thereof, and shall limit their oral presentation to a summary thereof. The staff director of the Committee shall promptly furnish to the staff director of the minority a copy of such testimony submitted to the Committee pursuant to this rule. The Chair of the Committee, or a member designated by the Chair, may administer oaths to witnesses. 
Committee or any subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the minority party members on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chair by a majority of those minority party members before the completion of such hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. The minority party may waive this right by calling at least one witness during a Committee hearing or subcommittee hearing. 
Committee member may question hearing witnesses only when the member has been recognized by the Chair for that purpose, and only for a fiveminute period until all members present have had an opportunity to question a witness. The questioning of witnesses in both Committee and subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chair, followed by the Ranking Member and all other members alternating between the majority and minority party. The Chair shall exercise discretion in determining the order in which members will be recognized. In recognizing members to question witnesses in this fashion, the Chair shall take into consideration the ratio of the majority to minority party members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to place the members of the majority party in a disadvantageous position. 
for the majority and the minority party members to question a witness for equal specified periods. The time for extended questioning of a witness under this clause shall be equal for the majority party and the minority party and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
rule shall specify the date, time, and place of the deposition and the method or methods by which the deposition will be recorded. Prior to testifying, a deponent shall be provided with a copy of the Committee’s rules, the House Resolution authorizing the taking of 
the deposition, and Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
one or more members or Committee counsel as designated by the Chair or Ranking Member. 
or affirmation administered by a member or a person otherwise authorized to administer oaths and affirmations. 
the deponent, attended by a member of the Committee. 
deposition by counsel to advise the deponent of the deponent’s rights. Only members and Committee counsel, however, may examine the deponent. No one may be present at a deposition other than members, Committee staff designated by the Chair or Ranking Member, such individuals as may be required to administer the oath or affirmation and transcribe or record the proceedings, the deponent, and the deponent’s counsel (including personal counsel and counsel for the entity employing the deponent if the scope of the deposition is expected to cover actions taken as part of the deponent’s employment). Observers or counsel for other persons or entities may not attend. 
deponent agree otherwise, questions in a deposition shall be propounded in rounds, alternating between the majority and minority. A single round shall not exceed 60 minutes per side, unless the members or counsel conducting the deposition agree to a different length of questioning. In each round, a member or Committee counsel designated by the Chair shall ask questions first, and the member or Committee counsel designated by the Ranking Member shall ask questions second. 
must be stated concisely and in a nonargumentative and nonsuggestive manner. Deponent may refuse to answer a question only to preserve a privilege. When the deponent has objected and refused to answer a question to preserve a privilege, the Chair may rule on any such objection after the deposition has adjourned. If the Chair overrules any such objection and thereby orders a deponent to answer any question to which a privilege objection was lodged, such ruling shall be filed with the clerk of the Committee and shall be provided to members and the deponent no less than three days before the ruling is enforced at a reconvened deposition. If a member of the Committee appeals in writing the ruling of the Chair, the appeal shall be preserved for Committee consideration. A deponent who refuses to answer a question after being directed to answer by the Chair in writing may be subject to sanction, except that no sanctions may be imposed if the ruling of the Chair is reversed on appeal. In all cases, when deposition testimony for which an objection has been made is offered for admission in evidence before the Committee, all properly lodged objections then made shall be timely and shall be considered by the Committee prior to admission in evidence before the Committee. 
shall certify on the transcript that the deponent was duly sworn. The transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true, verbatim record of the testimony, and the transcript and any exhibits shall be filed, as shall any video recording, with the clerk of the 
Committee. In no case shall any video recording be considered the official transcript of a deposition or otherwise supersede the certified written transcript. 
staff shall make available the transcript for review by the deponent or deponent’s counsel. No later than ten business days thereafter, the deponent may submit suggested changes to the Chair. Committee majority staff may direct the clerk of the Committee to note any typographical errors, including any requested by the deponent or minority staff, via an errata sheet appended to the transcript. Any proposed substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments to the deposition testimony must be submitted by the deponent as an affidavit that includes the deponent’s reasons therefore. Any substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments shall be included as an appendix to the transcript, a copy of which shall be promptly forwarded to minority staff. 
consult regarding the release of deposition transcript or electronic recordings. If either objects in writing to a proposed release of a deposition transcript or electronic recording or a portion thereof, the matter shall be promptly referred to the Committee for resolution. 
Onethird of the members of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action other than amending Committee rules, closing a meeting from the public, reporting a measure or recommendation, or in the case of the Committee or a subcommittee authorizing a subpoena. For the enumerated actions, a majority of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum. Any two members shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
RULE 12 . REFERRAL OF BILLS , RESOLUTIONS , 
made until three days have elapsed after written notification of such proposed referral to all subcommittee chair, at which time such proposed referral shall be made unless one or more subcommittee chair shall have given written notice to the Chair of the full Committee and to the chair of each subcommittee that he or she intends to question such proposed referral at the next regularly scheduled meeting of the Committee, or at a special meeting of the Committee called for that purpose, at which time referral shall be made by the majority members of the Committee. All bills shall be referred under this rule to the subcommittee of proper jurisdiction without regard to whether the author is or is not a member of the subcommittee. Upon a majority vote of the Committee, a bill, resolution, or other matter referred to a subcommittee in accordance with this rule may be recalled at any time for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another subcommittee. 
place, and subject matter of a Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof; but this requirement may be waived if the Chair of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Member, determines that there is good cause or the Committee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of members required under the rules of the Committee for the transaction of such business. 
amendments to a matter pending before the Committee or a subcommittee will be considered, the Chair may give priority to: 
have been filed with the Committee at least 24 hours prior to the Committee or subcommittee business meeting on said measure or matter. 
motion to report any bill, resolution, or matter of a public character, and on any amendment offered thereto, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those members voting for and against, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chair of the Committee or a subcommittee is authorized to postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment. Such Chair may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
proceedings of the Committee and of each subcommittee, including a record of the votes on any question on which a roll call is demanded. The result of each such roll call vote shall be made available by the Committee or subcommittee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee or subcommittee and shall be made available on the Committee’s website within 48 hours of such record vote. Information so available for public inspection and on the Committee’s website shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition; the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, 
order, or proposition; and the names of those members present but not voting. The text of an amendment offered to a measure or matter considered in Committee shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than 24 hours after its final disposition in Committee. A record vote may be demanded by onefifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. 
the House of Representatives, any record of the Committee for which a time, schedule, or condition for availability is specified by order of the Committee (entered during the Congress in which the record is made or acquired by the Committee) shall be made available in accordance with the order of the Committee. 
Committee include noncurrent records of the Committee (including subcommittees) delivered by the Clerk of the House of Representatives to the Archivist of the United States for preservation at the National Archives and Records Administration, which are the property of and remain subject to the rules and orders of the House of Representatives. 
earlier than the end of the period provided under clause 4 of Rule XIII of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives after the Committee approves a measure or matter if a member, at the time of such approval, gives notice of intention to file supplemental, minority, or additional views for inclusion as part of the printed report. 
prepared pursuant to a Committee or subcommittee study or investigation shall be available to members no later than 48 hours prior to consideration of any such report by the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be. 
required under clause 1 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall include the following disclaimer in the document transmitting the report to the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
by the Committee on Education and the Workforce or any subcommittee thereof and therefore may not necessarily reflect the views of its members. 
report was circulated to all members of the Committee at least seven days prior to its submission to the House of Representatives and provision is made for the filing by any member, as part of the printed report, of individual, minority, or dissenting views. 
printed pursuant to legislative study or investigation and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, shall contain the following disclaimer on the cover of such report: 
by the Committee on Education and the Workforce (or pertinent subcommittee thereof) and therefore may not necessarily reflect the views of its members. 
The minority party members of the Committee or subcommittee shall have three calendar days, excluding weekends and holidays, to file, as part of the printed report, supplemental, minority, or additional views. 
subcommittee has ordered a bill, resolution, or other matter to be reported to the Committee, the chair of the subcommittee reporting the bill, resolution, or matter to the Committee, or any member authorized by the subcommittee to do so, may report such bill, resolution, or matter to the Committee. It shall be the duty of the chair of the subcommittee to report or cause to be reported promptly such bill, resolution, or matter, and to take or cause to be taken the necessary steps to bring such bill, resolution, or matter to a vote. 
her request, a paper copy of such bill, resolution, or other matter reported. When a bill is reported from a subcommittee, such measure shall be accompanied by a sectionbysection analysis; and, if the Chair of the Committee so requires (in response to a request from the Ranking Member of the Committee or for other reasons), a comparison showing proposed changes in existing law. 
becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chair shall recommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those members of the subcommittee which handled the legislation in the order of their seniority upon such subcommittee and such other Committee members as the Chair may designate with the approval of the majority party members. Recommendations of the Chair to the Speaker shall provide a ratio of majority party members to minority party members no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio of majority members to minority party members on the full Committee. In making assignments of minority party members as conferees, the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member of the Committee. 
under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
to suspend the Rules of the House of Representatives on any bill, resolution, or other matter which has been modified after such measure is ordered reported, unless notice of such action has been given to the Chair and Ranking Member of the full Committee. 
television and radio media shall be then currently accredited to the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
photography shall be then accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery. 
each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings 
be appointed by the Chair in consultation with subcommittee chair and other majority party members of the Committee within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. 
shall have their remuneration determined in such manner as the minority party members of the Committee shall determine within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. 
the general supervision and direction of the Chair, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate authority as he or she determines appropriate. The staff appointed by the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the minority party members of the Committee, who may delegate such authority as they determine appropriate. All Committee staff shall be assigned to Committee business and no other duties may be assigned to them. 
resolution and such additional expense resolutions as may have been approved, the provisions of this rule shall govern travel of Committee members and staff. Travel to be paid from funds set aside for the full Committee for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chair. Travel may be authorized by the Chair for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee thereof and meetings, conferences, and investigations that involve activities or subject matter under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. The Chair shall review travel requests to assure the validity to Committee business. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; 
United States of members and staff of the Committee for the purpose of conducting hearings, investigations, studies, or attending meetings and conferences involving activities or subject matter under the legislative assignment of the Committee or pertinent subcommittees, prior authorization must be obtained from the Chair, or, in the case of a subcommittee, from the subcommittee chair and the Chair. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chair, in writing, a request for 
shall be filed in a manner that allows for a reasonable period of time for review before such travel is scheduled to begin, shall include the following: 
each country for which travel is authorized together with a description of the purpose to be served and the areas of Committee jurisdiction involved; and 
States may be initiated by the Chair or the chair of a subcommittee (except that individuals may submit a request to the Chair for the purpose of attending a conference or meeting) and shall be limited to members and permanent employees of the Committee. 
involving travel outside the United States while the House is in session (except in the case of attendance at meetings and conferences or where circumstances warrant an exception). 
performing authorized travel on official business shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, or regulations of the House of Representatives and of the Committee on House Administration pertaining to such travel, including rules, procedures, and limitations prescribed by the Committee on House Administration with respect to domestic and foreign expense allowances. 
any travel, the Ranking Member shall be given a copy of the written request therefor. 
Representatives and procedures prescribed by the Committee on House Administration, 
and with the prior authorization of the Chair of the Committee in each case, there may be expended in any one session of Congress for necessary travel expenses of witnesses attending hearings in Washington, D.C.: 
each subcommittee, not to exceed $5,000 for expenses of witnesses attending hearings of each such subcommittee; 
The Committee shall not consider a proposed change in these rules unless the text of such change has been delivered or electronically sent to all members and notice of its prior transmission has been in the hands of all members at least 48 hours prior to such consideration; a member of the Committee shall receive, upon his or her request, a paper copy of the proposed change. 
for publication the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Financial Services of the U.S. House of Representatives as adopted on January 14, 2015, for the 114th Congress: 
the Committee on Financial Services (hereinafter in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are privileged motions in the Committee and shall be considered without debate. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). 
Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
on the first Tuesday of each month when the House is in session. 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chairman of the Committee (hereinafter 
in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Chair’’), there is no need for the meeting. 
of the Committee of the agenda of each regular meeting of the Committee at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of the meeting. 
of the Committee, at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of each regular meeting for each measure or matter on the agenda a copy of— 
be waived by a twothirds vote of the Committee or by the Chair with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. 
witnesses may use the Committee equipment for the purpose of presenting information electronically during a meeting or hearing, provided the information is transmitted to the appropriate Committee staff in an appropriate electronic format at least one business day before the meeting or hearing so as to ensure display capacity and quality. The content of all materials must relate to the pending business of the Committee and conform to the Rules of the House. The confidentiality of the material will be maintained by the technical staff until its official presentation to the Committee members. For the purposes of maintaining the official records of the Committee, printed copies of all materials presented, to the extent practicable, must accompany the presentations. 
and receiving evidence, two members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
measure or matter pending before the Committee unless the requisite number of members of the Committee is actually present for such purpose. 
provided on any question before the Committee upon the request of onefifth of the members present. 
commencement of a hearing (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) announced under this paragraph, the Chair shall provide to the members of the Committee a concise summary of the subject of the hearing, or, in the case of a hearing on a measure or matter, a copy of the measure or materials relating to the matter in question and a concise explanation of the measure or matter to be considered. At the same time the Chair provides the information required by the preceding sentence, the Chair shall also provide to the members of the Committee a list of the witnesses expected to appear before the Committee at that hearing. The witness list may not be modified within 24 hours of a hearing, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause for such modification. 
the Committee shall file with the Committee two business days in advance of the appearance sufficient copies (including a copy in electronic form), as determined by the Chair, of a written statement of proposed testimony and shall limit the oral presentation to the Committee to brief summary thereof; and 
may be modified or waived by the Chair when the Chair determines it to be in the best interest of the Committee. 
fiveminute rule shall be observed in the interrogation of witnesses before the Committee or any of its subcommittees until each present member thereof has had an opportunity to question the witnesses. No member shall be recognized for a second period of five minutes to interrogate witnesses until each present member of the Committee or such subcommittee has been recognized once for that purpose. 
the Committee on any measure or matter, the minority party members of the Committee shall be entitled, upon the request of a majority of them before the completion of 
the hearing, to call witnesses with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. The Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, will determine the date, time, and place of such hearing. 
the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such member. 
from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. 
pursuant to a legislative study or investigation and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee shall contain the following disclaimer on the cover of such report: ‘‘This report has not been officially adopted by the Committee on Financial Services and may not necessarily reflect the views of its Members.’’ 
under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises includes— 
home mortgages, including the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation; 
Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve System, and the National Credit Union Administration, which directly or indirectly exercise supervisory or regulatory authority in connection with, or provide deposit insurance for, financial institutions, and the establishment of interest rate ceilings on deposits; 
(iii) the chartering, branching, merger, acquisition, consolidation, or conversion of financial institutions; 
(iv) consumer credit, including the provision of consumer credit by insurance companies, and further including those matters in the Consumer Credit Protection Act dealing with truth in lending, extortionate credit transactions, restrictions on garnishments, fair credit reporting and the use of credit information by credit bureaus and credit providers, equal credit opportunity, debt collection practices, and electronic funds transfers, including consumer transactions using mobile devices; 
Federal aspects of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, credit and debit cards, and the preemption of State usury laws; 
including the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and the Community Reinvestment Act; 
(vii) the terms and rules of disclosure of financial services, including the advertisement, promotion and pricing of financial services, and availability of government check cashing services; 
(viii) deposit insurance; and (ix) consumer access to savings accounts 
and checking accounts in financial institutions, including lifeline banking and other consumer accounts. 
by the Department of Veterans Affairs), including mortgage and loan insurance pursuant to the National Housing Act; rural housing; housing and homeless assistance programs; all activities of the Government National Mortgage Association; housing construction and design and safety standards; 
housingrelated energy conservation; housing research and demonstration programs; financial and technical assistance for nonprofit housing sponsors; housing counseling and technical assistance; regulation of the housing industry (including landlord/tenant relations); and real estate lending including regulation of settlement procedures; 
(iii) community development and community and neighborhood planning, training and research; national urban growth policies; urban/rural research and technologies; and regulation of interstate land sales; and 
of Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Communities (other than matters relating to tax benefits). 
TRADE .—The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade includes— 
(ii) economic growth and stabilization; (iii) defense production matters as contained in the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended; 
(iv) domestic monetary policy, and agencies which directly or indirectly affect domestic monetary policy, including the effect of such policy and other financial actions on interest rates, the allocation of credit, and the structure and functioning of domestic financial institutions; 
including commemorative coins and medals, proof and mint sets and other special coins, the Coinage Act of 1965, gold and silver, including the coinage thereof (but not the par value of gold), gold medals, counterfeiting, currency denominations and design, the distribution of coins, and the operations of the Bureau of the Mint and the Bureau of Engraving and Printing; 
(vii) multilateral development lending institutions, including activities of the National Advisory Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies as related thereto, and monetary and financial developments as they relate to the activities and objectives of such institutions; 
permanent and temporary agencies, and all matters related thereto; and 
as they relate to United States investments for trade purposes by citizens of the United States and investments made by all foreign entities in the United States. 
(ii) research and analysis regarding matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee, including the impact or probable impact of tax policies affecting matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. 
shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair refers to it. 
shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. 
or more subcommittees such measures and matters as the Chair deems appropriate given its jurisdiction and responsibilities. In making such a referral, the Chair may designate a subcommittee of primary jurisdiction and subcommittees of additional or sequential jurisdiction. 
subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Committee. 
may discharge a subcommittee from consideration of any measure or matter referred to a subcommittee of the Committee. 
and Government Sponsored Enterprises shall be comprised of 30 members, 17 elected by the majority caucus and 13 elected by the minority caucus. 
and Trade shall be comprised of 21 members, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. 
Investigations shall be comprised of 21 members, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. 
may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee. 
set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair with a view toward assuring the availability of meeting rooms and 
avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the functions of the subcommittee as long as the required quorum is present. 
shall provide the full Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the subcommittee and such other records with respect to the subcommittee as the Chair deems necessary for the Committee to comply with all rules and regulations of the House. 
the professional and other staff of the Committee shall be appointed, and may be removed by the Chair, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Chair. 
to the minority party members of the Committee shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the ranking minority member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of such member. 
the Chair shall fix the compensation of all professional and other staff of the Committee. 
the compensation of all professional and other staff provided to the minority party members of the Committee. 
members of the Committee, shall prepare for each Congress a budget providing amounts for staff, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and its subcommittees. 
any member and any staff member of the Committee in connection with activities or subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is granted, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. 
shall make a written report to the Chair on any travel they have conducted under this subsection, including a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and of pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
performing authorized travel on official business shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration. 
each regular meeting and hearing of the Committee, and the transcript may be printed if the Chair decides it is appropriate or if a majority of the members of the Committee requests such printing. Any such transcripts shall be a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require that all such transcripts be subject to correction and publication. 
Committee website for the purpose of carrying out the official responsibilities of the Committee, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities. The ranking minority member may maintain an official website. To the maximum extent feasible, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form on the official Committee website maintained by the Chair. 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings; and 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I submit for publication the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for the U.S. House of Representatives for the 114th Congress: 
which veterans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad (except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior). 
Rules of the House are the rules of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are nondebatable privileged motions in Committees and subcommittees. 
the Committee is a part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the full Committee shall designate the Vice Chairman of the Committee. 
of the Committee may call and convene, as he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purpose pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
each member of the Committee of the agenda of each regular and additional meeting of the Committee at least 24 hours before the time of the meeting, except under circumstances the Chairman determines to be of an emergency nature. Under such circumstances, the Chairman shall make an effort to consult the ranking minority member, or in such member’s absence, the next ranking minority party member of the Committee. 
No person may use a wireless telephone during a Committee or subcommittee meeting or hearing. 
media of the positions or the number of television cameras permitted by a committee or subcommittee chair in a hearing or meeting room shall be in accordance with fair and equitable procedures devised by the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
not to obstruct in any way the space between a witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the committee or the visibility of that witness and that member to each other. 
fixed positions but may not be placed in positions that obstruct unnecessarily the coverage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. 
the television and radio media may not be installed in, or removed from, the hearing or meeting room while the committee is in session. 
media than will be permitted by a committee or subcommittee chair for coverage of a hearing or meeting by still photography, that coverage shall be permitted on the basis of a fair and equitable pool arrangement devised by the Standing Committee of Press Photographers. 
television and radio media shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. 
photography shall be currently accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery. 
television and radio media and by still photography shall conduct themselves and their coverage activities in an orderly and unobtrusive manner. 
nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. 
shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
may question witnesses only when they have been recognized by the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee for that purpose, and only for a 5minute period until all members present have had an opportunity to question a witness. The 5minute period for questioning a witness by any one member may be extended only with the unanimous consent of all members present. The questioning of witnesses in both Committee and subcommittee hearings shall be initiated by the Chairman, followed by the ranking minority party member and all other members alternating between the majority and minority. Except as otherwise announced by the Chairman at the beginning of a hearing, members who are present at the start of the hearing will be recognized before other members who arrive after the hearing has begun. In recognizing members to question witnesses in this fashion, the Chairman shall take into consideration the ratio of the majority to minority members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage the members of the majority. 
Committee or a subcommittee on any measure or matter, the minority party members on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chairman of a majority of those minority members before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of the hearing thereon. 
Rule XI of the Rules of the House, a subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Committee or a subcommittee in the conduct of any investigation or series of investigations or activities, only when authorized by a majority of the members voting, a majority being present. 
markup, and any amendments in the nature of a substitute to such bills or resolution to be first recognized by the Chairman, shall be made available, via written or electronic notice, to Committee members at least 48 hours prior to a scheduled markup, except as agreed to by unanimous consent. 
committee markup which is not accompanied by an accounting from the Congressional Budget Office of the mandatory and discretionary costs or savings associated with such bill or resolution. 
Budget Office need not be official, but is expected to provide Committee members with an approximation of the budgetary impact a bill or resolution may have prior to any vote to favorably forward or report such bill or resolution. The requirements of this paragraph may be waived by a majority of Committee members, a quorum being present. 
members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for business and a majority of the members of any subcommittee shall constitute a quorum thereof for business, except that two members shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
recommendation shall be reported to the House of Representatives unless a majority of the Committee was actually present. 
demanded by onefifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. With respect to any record vote on any motion to amend or report, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those members voting for and against, shall be included in the report of the Committee on the bill or resolution. 
No vote by any member of the Committee or a subcommittee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
and subcommittee chairmen may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment, and may resume proceedings within two legislative days on a postponed question after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
and Memorial Affairs, which shall have legislative, oversight and investigative jurisdiction over compensation; general and special pensions of all the wars of the United States; life insurance issued by the Government on account of service in the Armed Forces; cemeteries of the United States in which veterans of any war or conflict are or may be buried, whether in the United States or abroad, except cemeteries administered by the Secretary of the Interior; burial benefits; the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; and the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
have legislative, oversight, and investigative jurisdiction over the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) including medical services, medical support and compliance, medical facilities, medical and prosthetic research, and major and minor construction. 
shall be a ratio of majority party members to minority party members which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Committee. 
Chairman of the Committee may refer a measure or matter, which is within the general responsibility of more than one of the subcommittees of the Committee, as the Chairman deems appropriate. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chairman of the Committee may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Committee. 
meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
bill, resolution, or other matter to be reported to the Committee, the Chairman of the subcommittee reporting the bill, resolution, or matter to the full Committee, or any member authorized by the subcommittee to do so shall notify the Chairman and the ranking minority party member of the Committee of the Subcommittee’s action. 
a member of a particular subcommittee may sit with the subcommittee during any of its meetings and hearings, but shall not have authority to vote, cannot be counted for a quorum, and cannot raise a point of order at the meeting or hearing. 
Committee with copies of such record votes taken in subcommittee and such other records with respect to the subcommittee as the Chairman of the Committee deems necessary for the Committee to comply with all rules and regulations of the House. 
X of the Rules of the House, the Committee shall carry out oversight responsibilities. In order to assist the House in— 
may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation, and 
Committee and its subcommittees shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the applications, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee, and the organization and operation of the Federal agencies and entities having responsibilities in or for the administration and execution thereof, in order to determine whether such laws and the programs thereunder are being implemented and carried out in accordance with the intent of the Congress and whether such programs should be continued, curtailed, or eliminated. In addition, the Committee and its subcommittees shall review and study any conditions or circumstances which may indicate the necessity or desirability of enacting new or additional legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee (whether or not any bill or resolution has been introduced with respect thereto), and shall on a continuing basis undertake future research and forecasting on matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee. 
all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fiscal year that are within its jurisdiction or functions; and 
new budget authority, and budget outlays resulting therefrom, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its jurisdiction that it intends to be effective during that fiscal year. 
of the proceedings of the Committee and each of its subcommittees, including a record of the votes on any question on which a recorded vote is demanded. The result of each such record vote shall be made available by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members present but not voting. 
The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3 or clause 4 of Rule VII of the Rules of the House, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. 
of the House, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form to the maximum extent feasible. 
and the length of time to be spent in each. 
Committee for whom the authorization is sought. Travel by the minority shall be submitted to the Chair via the Ranking Member. 
make a written report to the Chair within 15 working days on all travel approved under this subsection. Reports shall include a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
When travel involves majority and minority Members or staff, the majority shall submit the report to the Chair on behalf of the majority and minority. The minority may append additional remarks to the report at their discretion. 
Veterans Affairs (VA) facility or property shall be named after any individual by the 
the construction or the operation of the facility to be named, or (ii) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor or, as determined by the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, otherwise performed military service of an extraordinarily distinguished character; 
of Representatives or Senate who had a direct association with such facility; 
a Secretary of Veterans Affairs, a Secretary of Defense or of a service branch, or a military or other Federal civilian official of comparable or higher rank; or 
the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, performed outstanding service for veterans. 
chapter of each Congressionally chartered veterans’ organization having a national membership of at least 500,000 must indicate in writing its support of such proposal. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 19, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
799. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Waste Technical Review Board, transmitting in accordance with the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100203, ‘‘A Report to the U.S. Congress and the Secretary of Energy’’, for the period January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
802. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting authorization for nine officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Examination of NonGovernmental Organizations (NGOs) Receiving Local District Funds to Provide Homeless Services in Fiscal Year (FY) 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
810. A letter from the General Counsel, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
811. A letter from the Chief Counsel for Administrative Law, Office of the United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a draft of proposed legislation titled ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, Veterans’ Affairs, Science, Space, and Technology, and Foreign Affairs. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1021. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the integrity of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–46, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1021 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 1415. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to strengthen enforcement of spousal courtordered property distributions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
sequestration to payment for certain physicianadministered drugs under part B of the Medicare program in fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1417. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide parity to Puerto Rico hospitals with respect to inpatient hospital payments under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1418. A bill to amend part B of the 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to apply deemed enrollment to residents of Puerto Rico and to provide a special enrollment period and a reduction in the late enrollment penalties for certain residents of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LEVIN, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of 
RANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L INDA T. 
Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 1419. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to improve the Social Security Administration’s ability to fight fraud, prevent errors, and protect the Social Security Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1420. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to establish a surveillance system regarding traumatic brain injury, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. K USTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a nonowner occupied 1 to 4family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the 
from the definition of health insurance coverage certain medical stoploss insurance obtained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 1424. A bill to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to allow the marketing, distribution, or sale of solid antimicrobial copper alloys with certain claims, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to exclude certain solid antimicrobial copper alloys from regulation as drugs or devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
himself, Mr. OLSON , and Mr. L AMBORN ): 
H.R. 1425. A bill to amend titles 10 and 32, 
United States Code, to require congressional approval before any change may be made to the oaths required for appointment as an officer in the Armed Forces, enlistment in the Armed Forces, or appointment as a cadet or midshipman at a military service academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1426. A bill to ensure public access to 
published materials concerning scientific research and development activities funded by Federal science agencies; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 1427. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOST (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 1429. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to allow for petitions for reconsideration of size standards for small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
KIND, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
REED, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S CHOCK , and 
H.R. 1430. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the lookthrough treatment of payments between related controlled foreign corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
Labor Relations Act and the Railway Labor Act to prohibit the preemption of State stalking laws; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Labor Relations Act and the Railway Labor Act to prohibit the preemption of State identity theft laws; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. M OORE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. 
H.R. 1433. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives for the establishment of supermarkets in certain underserved areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARK of 
DEGETTE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. B ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K APTUR, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. E STY, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
JEFFRIES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
KENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
H.R. 1434. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
(for himself, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require States to develop policies on positive school climates and school discipline; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1437. A bill to amend the Coquille Restoration Act to clarify certain provisions relating to the management of the Coquille Forest; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
Mexico, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
SCHULTZ , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LOFGREN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. L EE, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. C ASTORof Florida, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P RICE of 
DOGGETT , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
H.R. 1439. A bill to provide paid family and 
medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1440. A bill to amend the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 to treat employment as a field emergency medical service practitioner in the same manner as employment as a firefighter for purposes of such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and 
H.R. 1441. A bill to emphasize manufacturing in engineering programs by directing the National Institute of Standards and Technology, in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies including the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and National Science Foundation, to designate United States manufacturing universities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
REED, Mr. K ATKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
H.R. 1442. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. Z INKE, and Ms. 
H.R. 1443. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1444. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for procurements of covered contracts; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 1445. A bill to provide that there shall 
be no net increase in the acres of certain Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, or the Forest Service unless the Federal budget is balanced for the year in which the land would be purchased; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1446. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide privacy protections that enable certain individuals to remove their profiles from the healthcare.gov website, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1447. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to improve the Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
COHEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 1448. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to carry out a transit accessibility innovation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1449. A bill to repeal certain impediments to the administration of the firearms laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1450. A bill to permit employees to request, and to ensure employers consider requests for, flexible work terms and conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, House Administration, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1451. A bill to provide for the land exchange involving Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County, Florida; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. LARSONof Connecticut, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M URPHYof Florida, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 1453. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. F ARR, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 1454. A bill to modify the definition of 
armor piercing ammunition to better capture its capabilities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1455. A bill to require the Food and 
Drug Administration to expedite review of pharmaceuticals that are approved for marketing in the European Union; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1456. A bill to provide a biennial budget for the United States Government; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. D ENHAM , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. B ASS, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T ROTT , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
President to work toward equitable, constructive, stable, and durable Armenian Turkish relations based upon the Republic of Turkey’s full acknowledgment of the facts and ongoing consequences of the Armenian Genocide, and a fair, just, and comprehensive international resolution of this crime against humanity; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T ED 
COLEMAN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. S MITH of 
cultural and historical significance of Nowruz; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
New York, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
goals and ideals of Social Work Month and World Social Work Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
untouchability, the practice of birthdescent discrimination against Dalit people, which is widely practiced in India, Nepal, the Asian diaspora, and other South Asian nations, and calling on these countries to recognize the human rights of the Dalit people and end all forms of untouchability within their borders; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
(for herself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , 
Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. N ADLER, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the current record breaking wealth gap is a national problem for the nation’s economic security, and that broadbased, generational and systemic inequities continue to distort economic progress and opportunity for tens of millions of Americans especially low and middleincome Americans and communities of color; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Article I, Section 8 of the 
H.R. 1416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. territories, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. territories, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 1421. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
H.R. 1423. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, paragraph 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1424. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
H.R. 1425. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 16 of the United 
H.R. 1426. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 1427. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1428. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1429. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
H.R. 1430. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1431. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1432. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1433. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1434. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the Constitution, and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1436. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
H.R. 1437. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
H.R. 1438. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3, of Section 8, of Article I of the 
H.R. 1439. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution and Article I. Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1440. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 1441. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1442. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1443. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (The Property Clause) 
H.R. 1444. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
H.R. 1445. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1446. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1447. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress 
H.R. 1448. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grant Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 1449. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1450. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1451. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1452. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1453. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 1454. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1455. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. The Constitution’s Commerce Clause allows Congress to enact laws when reasonably related to the regulation of interstate commerce. 
H.R. 1456. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the Constitution 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 304: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. K ILMER , and 
H.R. 540: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 546: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H.R. 588: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 595: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 602: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 631: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and 
H.R. 650: Mr. D ENT, Mr. B YRNE , and Mrs. 
H.R. 663: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 711: Ms. G RANGER , Ms. T SONGAS , and 
H.R. 727: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
HAHN, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 825: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. H.R. 900: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 996: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 999: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1009: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1042: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K APTUR , 
H.R. 1062: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C RAMER , and 
H.R. 1086: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1105: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 1120: Mr. D ENTand Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1131: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1139: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 1149: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1206: Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 1247: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
NOLAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. J UDY CHUof 
H.R. 1302: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1332: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and 
H.R. 1358: Mr. N ADLER and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1368: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1378: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Mr. B UCK, Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S INEMA , 
Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. E NGEL . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1591 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 2015 No. 46 