the eyes of the world are on Paris as it recovers from one tragedy and when 150 world leaders gather to prevent another. They meet to secure a global agreement on climate change. 
coal, and wasteful, expensive energy consumption shortchanges today’s priorities and threatens our future. Ten years from now, even many of the current climate skeptics will wonder, ‘‘What were we thinking?’’ 
The scientific evidence and the overwhelming consensus it has created is clear. The immediate impacts of record temperatures, erratic, very dangerous weather patterns, ocean acidification, drought, disease, social disruption, and wildfires have predictable impacts that have already cost us dearly, with many more severe problems on the horizon. 
straightforward, scientific conclusion has become so emotionally charged and politically volatile. It is embarrassing and ironic that in the middle of this historic event on climate change, as the world consensus is strengthening and moving toward action, the best that our Republican Congress can do is voting on two pieces of legislation that would undo much of the progress we have already made. 
argues that the carbon rule of the administration is a vast overreach and 
yet that the Obama policies won’t accomplish anything, all while working to undermine their effectiveness. We will then vote on H.R. 8, a fossil fuel giveaway that will do nothing to combat climate change, but only accelerate the problem. 
threat is not these foolish votes and obstructionism, but an action that has the potential to resolve other controversial issues while addressing our major climate challenges. 
It is past time for the Federal Government to enact a revenueneutral fee on carbon emissions. This would not be an excuse to expand government spending and new programs, but instead simplify and solve current problems in a costeffective manner. 
the list of problems, in addition to climate change, is that almost everyone thinks we should fix our broken corporate Tax Code, avoiding the looming Social Security deficit, and streamlining the patchwork of uneven energy subsidy provisions. 
proven market mechanism to reduce the devastating carbon pollution. We could sweep away expensive and often conflicting clean energy subsidies and replace them with something much more effective. 
for new programs, but to eliminate the looming 25 percent cut in Social Security, acting quickly while a solution is more affordable and less disruptive to the lives of our seniors. 
the Social Security tax downward to protect middle and lower income people from impacts of the fee, and we 
could boost small business, shielding them from part of the cost and lowering the payroll tax they pay, making it cheaper for them to employ people. 
could be used to buy down the world’s highest corporate tax rate that the United States currently has, which distorts business decisions and places us at a competitive disadvantage with other developed countries. 
existential climate threat, make the tax system simpler, more fair, and effective, avoid the looming Social Security crisis, and shield individuals and small business from the undue impact from the carbon fee, while making our businesses more competitive. That is about as close as can you get to a nonpartisan, nonideological, grandslam policy home run. 
Instead of policies of division and denial, it is time for us to come together to support a revenueneutral carbon tax to solve multiple problems and meet our obligations to our children and grandchildren. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M OONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lives of two outstanding Americans who passed away in October. Both men were part of the Greatest Generation and served our country honorably during the Second World War. 
Bill, passed away on October 30. He was a native of West Virginia, born in Renick in 1922, lived most of his life in Ravenswood in the Second Congressional District, and was the son of William Bostic Sr. and Nancy Lou Dale Bostic. 
country, and serve it well he did. Bill served in the Pacific Theater, where he was injured in the line of duty. 
was serving as a member of an artillery liaison party when the enemy began attacking with rocket, artillery, and mortars in support of demolition units. Bill, with complete disregard for his own safety, left his foxhole and crawled to a point where he could better communicate with the supporting artillery. 
he was struck by enemy mortar fragments and, though seriously wounded, refused to leave his post until the enemy attack had been repulsed. His utter disregard for his own personal welfare and his devotion to duty assisted materially in the adjustment of artillery fire that broke up the enemy attack. 
awarded the Silver Star. During his 11 years of service to our country, he also earned six Bronze Stars, a Purple Heart, and a Good Conduct ribbon, just to name a few. 
years, Pauline Bostic. She still lives in Jackson County, West Virginia. He will be laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery. 
Virginia, for over 25 years. After graduating from high school, Doug enlisted with the U.S. Army and served from 1944 to 1946. He fought in nine major battles and was quickly elevated in rank from a private to a sergeant as he served under the great General George Patton. He was awarded the Bronze Star and the Combat Infantry Badge for his services. 
Duty and served another 2 years in the Korean war, where he received his field commission as a lieutenant. He led 11 combat patrols and was awarded a second Bronze Star and a second Combat Infantry Badge, as well as 18 other ribbons and decorations. 
After his retirement, he remained active in the community and stayed involved with a number of veterans organizations, including the Korean War Veterans Association, Forty and Eight, Kiwanis, and Military Officers Association of America. 
first wife, Maria Laura Mae Fargo, and his second wife, Eileen Fargo, as well as the last love of his life, Eunice Steed. Additionally, Mr. Fargo lost his grandson, Adam Joseph Fargo, on July 22, 2006, when he was killed in action while fighting in Iraq. 
Doug will also be buried in the Arlington National Cemetery. 
who served their country and their communities with honor. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
week, more than 40,000 negotiators from 196 governments have descended on the French capital for the Paris climate summit. This summit provides the world with a critical opportunity to take a significant step toward creating an ambitious and effective global framework for addressing climate change. 
Climate change is no longer a problem for future generations. It is our problem, and we must act now. Paris gives us that opportunity. 
The science demonstrating the reality of climate change advances by the day. In fact, 14 of the 15 warmest years on record have occurred since the year 2000, and 2015 is on track to be the warmest year of all. 
small, wealthy or poor, is immune to the detrimental effects we will face if we do not address this global climate crisis. 
quite a bit of global action over the past few months leading up to the Paris summit. Nearly 180 countries, covering more than 95 percent of the global greenhouse gas emissions, have pledged to take steps to reduce CO2 
submitted so far represent a substantial step in global action that will significantly curtail the world’s carbon trajectory. 
global warming would slow to roughly 3 degrees by 2100. While this isn’t enough to meet U.N. targets, it is better than the 4 to 5degree increase if nothing were done. 
opportunity in front of us, many eyes are on the U.S. What will we do? How will we act? 
the second largest emitter of carbon dioxide, we cannot stand by and do nothing. Thanks to President Obama, we have made real progress in advancing our goals of reducing emissions and improving our air quality. 
finalized the Clean Power Plan, which establishes the first ever national standards to limit carbon pollution from existing power plants. This is a plan that will prevent up to 3,600 premature deaths, 90,000 asthma attacks in children, and 300,000 missed workdays and schooldays, all the while creating tens of thousands of jobs and saving American families money on their energy bills. 
Climate Summit are working to forge international progress on the climate crisis. So it comes as no surprise that my colleagues here in Congress are taking action on this important topic as well. Not so much. 
map to gradually reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In Washington, we are voting on resolutions that would nullify the only national plan we have to address carbon pollution. 
greenhouse gases is being shared by everyone, not just the wealthy countries. In Washington, some, the majority, are reluctant to take any blame for this growing crisis. 
This all makes perfect sense. Right? At a time when the world is coming 
together to address one of the defining issues of our lifetime, some of my colleagues have decided to sabotage American leadership on this critical topic. 
need, and this is certainly not what the world needs to see from a global leader. 
‘‘Knowing what’s right doesn’t mean much unless you do what’s right.’’ 
to mitigate climate change. If we fail to take meaningful action now, that knowledge will mean nothing. 
change will not be solved in one fell swoop. No single action, no single government, and no single summit will decisively address one of the greatest global threats our world has ever seen. 
But Paris does allow us the opportunity to devise a common purpose to create a better world for future generations. 
thing, vote against these harmful environmental riders on the floor this week, and allow America to be the leader on climate change. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. 
to celebrate the life and note the ‘‘End of Watch’’ for Officer Daniel Ellis, originally of Campbellsville, Kentucky, and more recently of Richmond, Kentucky. 
On November 6, Officer Ellis was suddenly and tragically killed while on duty as an officer with the Richmond 
heart breaks for his wife, Katie, and their 3yearold son, Luke. 
and family to have a gentle spirit and a servant’s heart. His death, while tragic, has united Kentuckians in honoring his service in Richmond. 
to attend the memorial service for Officer Ellis on the campus of Eastern Kentucky University. Thousands of people lined the streets to show their support during his funeral procession. 
windows of local businesses, and 7,000 mourners packed Eastern Kentucky University’s Alumni Coliseum, including law enforcement officers from around the Commonwealth and the Nation, to honor the life of Officer Ellis, a life, as was noted during the service, that was devoted to justice, kindness, and service to others. 
dangerous, selfless, and heroic work done by law enforcement officers and first responders each and every day. 
and devotion to our community. We celebrate and honor his life. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) for 5 minutes. 
today to respectfully share with my colleagues some of the thoughts and concerns shared by residents in the DallasFort Worth metroplex. These are heartfelt views expressed since we last met as a legislative body and voted on the passage of the American SAFE Act. 
A passionate public discussion is underway about the role the United States should play during one of the greatest humanitarian crises of our time. I have received calls, emails, handwritten letters, texts, Facebook messages from fellow Texans back home. 
they think that some of the enhanced security clearances for Syrian and Iraqi refugees really means that America’s legacy as a Nation that shares its freedom and opportunity is in danger. 
They have expressed their disappointment, sometimes anger, that we may be allowing our national security concerns to trump our Nation’s history of standing for liberty and justice. 
thoughts and views to ensure my colleagues that we also consider their views when making any future decision about the Syrian refugee crisis. 
pause in accepting refugees from Iraq and Syria may not slow down the trickle that arrives here, but it is a huge symbolic vote. Another resident stated that the 
SAFE Act only makes it harder for good people to flee from danger and being used by ISIL, and his hope is that the Obama administration is able to provide what Congress needs to do its job and that good Members reconsider the SAFE Act and don’t vote to override the President’s impending veto. 
Other residents, like one in Arlington, directly stated that this bill was wrong. 
Let me be clear. I did not view the 
SAFE Act as a vote against Syrian or Iraqi refugees or the greater refugee community. But the constituents that I represent have sent a strong message that any action that does not effectively balance national security with our national values is off course. 
of Liberty is more than just a symbol of freedom. It is a symbol that America is committed to welcoming and protecting those who seek and need refuge. 
have joined me in supporting legislation that echoes this sentiment. We have sent letters to the administration and agencies supporting refugees this past year. 
Obama urging him to convene international negotiations to stop the Syrian civil war. 
I cosponsored the Protecting Religious Minorities Persecuted by ISIS Act of 2015. This legislation directs the Secretary of State to establish or use existing refugee processing mechanisms to allow those with a credible fear of persecution by ISIL for gender, religious, or ethnic membership to apply for refugee admission to the United States. 
But we can do more, as a Congress, to 
support the goals of refugee resettlement and keep the American people safe at the same time. 
If we vote to update the refugee resettlement program, we must also allocate appropriate funds to ensure that men, women, and children fleeing violence do not get caught in unnecessary bureaucracy. 
teeth to security enhancements to the Visa Waiver Program implemented by the Department of Homeland Security earlier this year. We can fully fund the President’s budget request for aviation security. We can support and expedite our efforts to expand preclearance capability of foreign airports around the world. Doing so will provide with us a greater ability to prevent those who should not be flying here. 
I am committed to keeping Americans safe, but I know that doing so is not inconsistent with providing refuge to some of the world’s most vulnerable people. To turn our backs on refugees would be to betray our values. 
strength. Our resettlement program must continue to reflect this. Any legislation that challenges this legacy should be rejected. 
thoughts and concerns at the forefront of my decisionmaking, and I thank them for reaching out to me over the last week. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak about the issue of public education in America and what we need to do here in Washington, D.C., to improve our public education system. 
I specifically rise today to urge passage of the Student Success Act in the name of putting students first. 
right now the Federal education bureaucracy has imposed more mandates on local classrooms, on students, on teachers, on administrators, than was ever intended or contemplated by our Constitution and essentially runs afoul of the principles of federalism. That being that, if power is not vested upon the Federal Government to do something, it should be left to the States or even more local subdivisions; in this case, our local school boards. 
empower teachers, administrators, parents, and students by sending control back to school boards and classrooms across this country. 
Act accomplishes a great deal for the sake of the student. I am going to spend a minute explaining how and why that is. But it is also important to point out what happens if we do not pass this bill: more curriculum mandates out of Washington, D.C., more testing mandates out of Washington, D.C. If we do not pass this bill, we get more of that. 
If we do not pass this bill, we have 
more power and control administered at the sole discretion of the Secretary of Education, as it stands right now. The Secretary of Education has the power of the purse at his disposal, and we have a waiver program that essentially plays out as follows: 
Federal level likes what you are doing with your curriculum and your accountability measures at the local level, you get grant money. If he doesn’t like it, you don’t get the grant money. There is way too much discretion in Washington, D.C., over how public education is managed and administered in this country. That is not the way it was intended to be. 
The waiver program, which is in effect right now, is acting as a topdown lever to dictate what is taught in the classrooms, how it is taught, when and how much testing should be employed by teachers, how they teach in the classroom, and when students have to take tests. I cannot tell you how often I hear 
from parents and students and teachers lamenting about not only the days spent testing, but the days spent preparing to test. 
Act is to roll that back and have States take a leadership role in that and the Federal Government retreat, reduce the Federal footprint in education in this country. 
an issue of fairness. It is only fair that teachers and parents get more say over public education and Washington, D.C., gets less. 
A vote against this bill is a vote for 
the status quo, and I don’t think anyone really, truly wants public education coming more out of Washington, D.C. 
that States cannot be coerced into Common Core. If we do not pass this bill, the Secretary of Education, through the waiver program, has more ability to impose Common Core. By passing this bill, States cannot be coerced into the Common Core curriculum. 
49 duplicative, ineffective Federal programs. If we do not pass this bill, those 49 duplicative, ineffective programs stay on the books. 
more flexible funding for school districts to fund their priorities at the local level. 
Education and the Workforce Committee for their work on the Student Success Act. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor and celebrate the memory of the great Rosa Parks, also known as the mother of the modern civil rights movement. 
anniversary of Rosa Parks’ arrest for refusing to surrender her seat on a city bus in Montgomery, Alabama, to a White male. Her arrest on this date in 1955 put a face to Jim Crow and the disgrace of segregation in this country and, in many ways, united a nation in the struggle for civil rights for all. 
Parks refused to give up her seat, sparking the peaceful Montgomery bus boycott, which lasted 381 days and led to the eventual desegregation of the public transportation system across this Nation. 
the tremendous difference a single person, Mr. Speaker, can make through the power of protest, nonviolence, and 
As a member of the Ohio General Assembly, where I served as House leader, I was proud to have led the efforts that resulted in the 2005 passage of House Bill 421 designating December 1 as Rosa Parks Day, the first State in the Nation to do so. Each year, the State of Ohio, spearheaded by the Central Ohio Transit Authority, proudly celebrates the life of Rosa Parks in our State capital, Columbus, Ohio. 
It is important that we do not let her 
legacy of bravery die. I look forward to joining my constituents when I travel back to the district on December 3 to celebrate the 11th annual statewide tribute to Rosa Parks, ‘‘The Power of One.’’ 
of this House, for agreeing to participate in my Community Leaders Forum at this year’s celebration. 
For five decades, Congressman CONYERS has been a champion of civil 
rights and voting rights. His distinguished career is highlighted by his work on important civil rights legislation such as the Martin Luther King Holiday Act of 1983, the Motor Voter bill of 1993, and the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Today, he continues to fight for voting rights and civil rights as the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee. 
our Rosa Parks celebration because he shared a personal relationship with her. She worked for Congressman CONYERS from 1964 until 1988. However, before working with Congressman C ONYERS , she took a stand for justice and 
equality. The power of one person changed our Nation forever. 
inclusion is ongoing, as recently publicized tensions across our Nation have made clear. With the Supreme Court decision to strike down section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in Shelby County v. Holder, we no longer have the safety net that ensures that Americans, especially minorities, are able to participate in our democratic process. 
back voting rights protection. Instead, we should honor the progress our country has made to ensure and protect equal rights and equal treatment for all. 
That is why I am the cosponsor of the 
Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, H.R. 2867, which enjoys bipartisan and bicameral support. Congress should immediately bring this legislation to the floor to ensure that all Americans may cast ballots to choose their leaders in public service. 
being pushed by the House Republican leadership would adversely and disproportionally affect people of color and individuals in lowincome communities. 
When we talk about reform in Washington and starting with a clean slate 
policies will affect all communities, we do our Nation a disservice. I am confident we can do better. I am hopeful that we can do better. We have a responsibility to do better. 
Today and every day, let us be inspired by Rosa Parks and remember that each person must live their life as a model for others. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the opportunity to speak on this important issue. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. 
we celebrated Veterans Day, a day where we rightly single out the members of our military, past and present, and pay tribute to their service and sacrifice. 
When you stop to think about it, it is 
amazing that men and women choose to serve in our Armed Forces, knowing full well that their sacrifice could be tremendous and even require their life. But, still, they volunteer. They do so because America—her ideals, her people, and her way of life—are worth defending. 
personnel and veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top priorities in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, as I travel North Carolina’s Fifth District, I hear a similar refrain. No matter where I go, constituents tell me horror stories of their experiences with the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
the country are frustrated with the lack of service they are receiving. They are angry because they can’t get an appointment or a phone call returned. And they are outraged, as I am, that the Obama administration is doing nothing to solve the multitude of problems that have been revealed. 
veterans and their families describe their efforts to get service through the VA and how the VA wouldn’t help them until my office intervened. These stories affect me more than words can say. 
office has helped, and my staff is encouraged when we get a problem solved. However, these veterans shouldn’t have to contact their congressional office to access the benefits they have earned. 
To say I am fed up with this administration’s treatment of veterans is an understatement. How they can turn their backs on the veterans the way they do is unconscionable to me. 
It is past time to put an end to the 
agencywide pattern of mismanagement at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The bureaucratic incompetence is abominable, and there needs 
to be a shakeup at all levels. The agency needs to be led and staffed by people who believe America has a duty and an obligation to help our veterans. 
of responsibility or concern from the Obama administration with the disgraceful way our veterans are being treated. It is time for President Obama to truly commit to reforming the VA and give America’s veterans a meaningful, decisive plan to right the many wrongs. 
will continue to leave no stone unturned when it comes to serving our veterans. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ) for 5 minutes. 
colleague from Ohio, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY , who spoke on the floor 
about the 60th anniversary of what happened in Montgomery when Rosa Parks, with great courage, refused to give up her seat on the bus. The courage of that woman and all of those who supported her has made such an incredible difference in our country, and it is indeed related to what I want to say about HIV and AIDS. 
Many of us had the privilege of knowing Rosa Parks when she worked for JOHNCONYERS . We honored her here in 
the House and are so proud that we have a statue of Rosa Parks in the Capitol of the United States. 
We think of her and we think of the 
courage she had, which led to the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act. And that Voting Rights Act and Civil Rights Act led to our having a much more diverse Congress of the United States. 
Black Caucus, the Hispanic Caucus, and the Asian Pacific Caucus. The Black Caucus directly related to Mr. CONYERS , who was a founding member, 
and Rosa Parks, who was an inspiration. They were responsible for so much change in the leadership of our Congress. And because so many issues spring from the Congressional Black Caucus, some say ‘‘the conscience of the Congress.’’ 
through the caucus, to now we are observing the 25th anniversary of World AIDS Day, the link is Congresswoman BARBARA LEE, who has been such a 
champion in the Congress on this subject. We take great pride in the accomplishments she has had in her capacity as a Member of Congress but also as our representative to the United Nations General Assembly. 
Each year, World AIDS Day is observed internationally to reflect the progress that has been made in reaffirming our determination to banish 
AIDS to the annals of history. We recognize that achieving an AIDSfree generation requires our relentless, energetic, and undaunted commitment to testing, treatment, and finding a cure. 
year, ‘‘The time to act is now,’’ challenges us to act with the urgency that this global epidemic demands. 
is a ferocious and resourceful disease, a resourceful virus, evermutating to escape our efforts to destroy it. Therefore, we have to be ferocious, resourceful, and adaptable in our effort to succeed to end HIV. We must bring bold thinking and deep commitment to testing, treatment, and the search for a cure and a vaccine to prevent. 
initiative, took a big advance in how we can help prevent the spread of AIDS in the rest of the world. He and Mrs. Bush, with their Pink Ribbon Red Ribbon Initiative to link cervical cancer prevention with HIV testing and treatment in Africa, was a remarkable initiative. 
supported, of course, President Bush with PEPFAR. We wanted it bigger, and he wanted it strong, and there we were with something that has saved millions of lives and given hope to people. 
where PEPFAR is being administered, and some of the people I met there said, ‘‘I would never have come in to be tested before because there was no reason. I had no hope that there would be any remedy or any maintaining of a quality of life that would have encouraged me to risk the stigma of saying that I was HIVinfected.’’ So, again, it is all about the people. 
In New York today, Bono will be observing the 10th anniversary of the ONE and (RED) initiatives that have set out to alleviate poverty and eradicate disease, with a heavy focus on HIV/AIDS. We know the work of the Melinda and Bill Gates Foundation and what they have done on this issue, particularly in India. 
I, today, also wish I could be in San 
Francisco, where amfAR will be saluting the work at University of CaliforniaSan Francisco on HIV/AIDS by establishing a new initiative there. 
I am just mentioning a few other observances of World AIDS Day. It is happening throughout the world. 
when I came to Congress, we were going to two funerals a day. It was the saddest thing. Now we are going to weddings and helping people make out their wills and all the rest because they have a longer life ahead. 
of life is really important, but we do want a cure. 
of World AIDS Day; I meant to say the 25th anniversary of the Ryan White CARE Act. That young man, whose 
of us, left us, but his mother carries on the tradition, and it has made such a tremendous difference. 
no longer in the Congress but is still a champion on HIV/AIDS, was so instrumental in leading us to passing that legislation. 
It is personal. It is urgent that we continue so that, one day, 50 years from now, people will say, ‘‘What was AIDS? What was that?’’, and the books will show that it was a terrible, terrible tragedy that befell the world’s population regardless of status, of wealth, of gender or of race, and something that is now buried in the news somewhere as a terrible memory but not a part of our future. 
Day, may we all wear our red ribbons in sympathy with those who have lost their lives, sadly, before the science took us to a better place on this. 
That is what we are counting on, research and science to take us to a better place on this, and also the enthusiasm, determination, and relentlessness of so many people throughout the world to make HIV/AIDS a horrible, horrible memory, again, but not part of our future. 
THE RIGHT OF PRIVACY MUST EXTEND TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS 
chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
most Americans, I store a lot on my computer and on my phone: family photographs, personal calendars, emails, schedules, and even weekend todo lists or, as my wife calls them, honeydo lists. 
phone, like the one I have here in my hand, is not private from the prying, spying eyes of government—our government. Most Americans have no idea that Big Brother can snoop on tweets, Gchats, texts, Instagrams, and even emails. 
for over 6 months is available to be spied on by government as long as it is older than 180 days. Now, why is that? Well, it goes all the way back to the outdated Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986. That act protects privacy of emails that are less than 6 months old. 
the World Wide Web even existed. Many of us have staff that weren’t even born before 1986. We stored letters in folders, filing cabinets, and desk drawers. No one knew what the cloud was because the cloud did not exist. There was not any broadband, no social media, no tablets, or no smartphones. So, in 1986, lawmakers tried to protect emails but only did so for 180 days. Under current law, every email, 
every text, every Google doc and Facebook message, every photograph of our vacation is subject to government inspection without a warrant, without probable cause, and without our knowledge if it is older than 6 months. 
This is an invasion of privacy. Constitutional protection for 6 months only? That is nonsense, Mr. Speaker. 
agencies don’t want the law changed. The Securities and Exchange Commission is lobbying to keep the same law on the books so they can snoop around in emails after 6 months without a warrant. The SEC is not even a law enforcement agency, but yet they want to keep the ability to look at emails. 
I suspect they want to be able to read 
personal financial records and communications without a warrant. Spying on citizens by government sounds like conduct reminiscent of the old Soviet Union. 
agency that has access to emails over 6 months old. Any government agency can go in, confiscate emails that are older than 6 months without a warrant, without probable cause, and without knowledge of the person that they are snooping on. To me, this is a clear violation of the spirit of the United States Constitution. 
days of snail mail and you write a letter and you put it in an envelope and you put it in a mailbox and it floats around the country from place to place and finally ends up in somebody else’s mailbox, government cannot go and grab that letter and search it without a warrant under most circumstances, no matter where it goes in the U.S., because it is protected. It is the privacy of the person who wrote the letter and the person who is receiving the letter. 
ability to snoop around in our personal emails? They don’t have that right, even though they have the ability to do so. 
makes us, the U.S., different than any nation on Earth to protect the privacy of American citizens. Government 
agencies can’t raid homes or tap into phones or read mail without showing a judge they have probable cause that a crime was committed. They must obtain a search warrant. 
for 22 years, a criminal court judge, and saw 20,000 cases or more. Police officers would come to me at all times, day or night, with a search warrant. If it stated probable cause, I would sign the warrant, and then they would be instructed to go search whatever it was that they had probable cause to search. 
That is what the Constitution requires before you can snoop around and spy on Americans. If you want to search, get a warrant. That is the rule under our law. 
Why should our possessions and communications be less private because they are online? Well, they shouldn’t 
be. That is why I have teamed up with Representative ZOELOFGREN on the 
other side and lots of other Members of Congress in both parties to introduce legislation to update the outdated ECPA law. 
fact, these bills have over 300 sponsors right now, bipartisan, to restore ECPA’s original purpose to protect the privacy of American citizens. 
This legislation would protect the sacred right of privacy from everincreasing spying government trolls on Americans. Our mission is simple: extend constitutional protections to communications and records that Americans store online for any amount of time. 
but the Constitution remains the same. Thomas Jefferson said in the Declaration of Independence, government is created to ensure our rights, not violate those rights. 
protect the right of privacy rather than violate the right of privacy. We need to pass this ECPA law and get privacy back in America. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. STEWART ) at noon. 
As we face a new day, help us to discover the power of resting in You. Send Your Spirit down upon the Members of the people’s House. 
Grant them wisdom, insight and vision that the work they do will be for the betterment of our Nation during a time of struggle for so many Americans. 
around the world are coming together and recognizing shared threats to peace and prosperity among all people of goodwill. May the men and women of this House emerge as leading statesmen and women to address issues that transcend the here and now of political tides. 
will redound to the benefit of our children and grandchildren. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. DOLD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
wake of the shocking video from Chicago showing the brutal shooting of Laquan McDonald by a Chicago police officer, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to pass H.R. 2302, the Police Training and Independent Review Act. 
Congressman LACYCLAYand I introduced this bill earlier this year to stop local prosecutors from being tasked with investigating and prosecuting the same local police with whom they work so closely. 
This is an inherent conflict of interest. What happened in Chicago is just the latest evidence that it needs to end. 
Independent Review Act would condition the receipt of full ByrneJAG funding on States adopting laws to require independent investigation and, if necessary, prosecution of law enforcement officers in cases involving the use of deadly force. 
sense of fairness and justice, we need to pass this bill and remove this conflict. 
have a tough job, a dangerous job, and they bring cases to DAs and serve as witnesses. This handinglove relationship shouldn’t be upset, but it also shouldn’t upset justice. 
against officers in certain cities, but more would be brought if there were independent prosecutions. 
STEVE HOPE, 2015 INDIANA HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize Principal Steve Hope of Penn High School in Mishawaka for earning the 2015 Indiana High School Principal of the Year Award by the Indiana Association of School Principals. 
has been more than just a teacher. He has been a mentor, support system, and friend to countless people. 
His passion for education has been instrumental in preparing young Hoosiers for so much success later in life. Since he became the principal in 2008, Indiana’s Department of Education has named Penn an Arated school and a 4– Star Award winner. 
just curriculum. He has taught students life lessons they will remember forever. 
Congressional District of Indiana, I heartily want to thank Principal Hope 
for being an inspiration to students and teachers alike. His dedication to providing a quality education to each Hoosier that crosses his path is such an inspiration to all of us in Indiana. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Penn High School Principal Steve Hope on receiving this prestigious award. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, last Friday my alma mater, South Park High School, made history as their football team, the Sparks, brought home the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Championship to Buffalo. 
of 3,000 at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse. The team capped off a record breaking 12–1 season by defeating Our Lady of Lourdes by a score of 49–46. 
The team’s win was a storybook ending to a historic season. Most members of the team have been playing together since Little League, and this closeknit group became the first ever Buffalo City School to win a State championship. 
graduate to congratulate the team, coaches, parents, and Principal Terri Schuta, my friend and classmate, for claiming the State title for Buffalo and South Park High School. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
so disappointing that President Obama believes a climate change summit is somehow a rebuke of international terrorism. Think about that. 
how to take on ISIS and how to define our enemy has emboldened our enemy, radical Islamists extremists. 
But he has not been timid in his response on global warming. At a meeting of world leaders right now in Paris, President Obama is choosing to pursue his climate change agenda instead of addressing how we are going to destroy ISIS. 
In fact, our President seems to believe that global warming is a greater threat than international terrorism. It is clear, in the wake of the horrific attacks in Paris, that his priorities are gravely misplaced. 
reminded the Nation that ‘‘we’ve faced greater threats to our way of life before.’’ True. But that doesn’t change the fact that radical Islamic extremism is the threat we face now. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to give up her bus seat to a White man. Her simple act of defiance and her quiet dignity in the face of daily injustice grabbed the attention of activists and launched the civil rights movement. 
Parks that stands just outside these doors in the U.S. Capitol Statuary Hall. This year I took my 11yearold granddaughter to Rosa Parks Museum in Montgomery, Alabama, so that the next generation of young Americans can understand the role that she played in shaping the history of our country. 
meeting Rosa Parks at an event once that my father held at the Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Hospital in Watts. What thrill it was to hold her hand as the audience sang ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ 
It has been 60 years, but, unfortunately, we know that the discrimination Rosa Parks faced still faces minorities communities in this country today. 
look to her example for inspiration in the ongoing struggle for justice for every American. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to honor Dr. Jose A. Vicente, who is retiring from his post as president of Wolfson Campus of Miami Dade College, where each year 27,000 students receive a highquality education in the heart of downtown Miami. 
end of an amazing 42year career at my alma mater, Miami Dade College. Dr. Vicente’s commitment to education is evident not only from his varied teaching and administrative roles at Miami Dade College, but also through his active involvement as a board member in national education groups, including the American Association of Community Colleges and the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities, known as HACU. 
on his welldeserved retirement. I thank him for his wonderful legacy of enhanced educational opportunities that will continue to benefit our South Florida community for years to come. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
commemorate World AIDS Day. The theme this year is: The Time to Act is Now. 
to fighting HIV and AIDS and for guaranteeing strong United States leadership in this area. 
with my good friend from Florida, Congresswoman ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN of 
the bipartisan Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, we have seen the significant progress that we have made in the global fight against HIV. 
to Fight AIDS, TB, and Malaria, which we were very proud to cosponsor, to the Ryan White CARE Act and the Minority AIDS Initiative, the U.S. has been a global leader in committing the critical resources needed to end this disease. 
former Congresswoman Donna Christensen, and the Congressional Black Caucus, we are turning the tide in providing lifesaving prevention and treatment services to disproportionately affected communities here at home. This has been a bipartisan effort which we must continue because we still have a lot of work to do. 
southern States are now the epicenter of the HIV/AIDS epidemic. Stigma, discrimination, and lack of education about the disease continue to be significant barriers to care and prevention. The time to act is now. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
highlight November as Epilepsy Awareness Month. Tragically, across the country today thousands of families dealing with epilepsy and other debilitating seizure disorders have been forced to uproot their families as they travel to States where CBD oil is already legalized. 
reduce the amount and the duration of seizures. But over and over again the government has stood in the way of access to lifesaving care for these children. 
Sophie Weiss, deserve better. Sophie is an inspiring young girl from the Tenth Congressional District in Illinois. She suffers from a severe form of epilepsy and, without CBD oil, suffers upwards of 200 seizures each and every day. 
suffering like her, I helped introduce a bill to stop the government from standing in the way of this lifesaving relief. 
Month, I call on my colleagues to join me so we can pass the Charlotte’s Web Medical Hemp Act of 2015 and ensure that no family has to endure the loss of a child as they wait for approval of this natural, lifesaving option. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, let’s not play politics with the health and compensation bill for the 9/11 heroes and heroines. There are over 70,000 9/11 first responders and survivors, the veterans of our war on terror. They come from every single State in the Union, and they are waiting to see if Congress will act for their health care. 
support for a permanent reauthorization. There are 259 House cosponsors, including 67 Republicans. Both Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairman U PTON , 
This is something we all agree on, something that is clearly the right thing to do. 
get this done this year. Let’s keep our promise to the 9/11 heroes and heroines, to the first responders, to the victims, and to the survivors. Let’s pass this bill this year. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
on behalf of our true American heroes, our veterans, to highlight important legislation that will help those who need it most. Last month I introduced the PROMISE Act to continue my efforts to promote safety, patient advocacy, and better access to quality care for our veterans. 
The PROMISE Act will increase safety for opioid therapy and pain management, encourage more transparency at the VA, encourage more outreach and awareness of the Patient Advocacy Program for veterans, and help provide alternative forms of care to address veterans’ health needs. 
our country. It is up to us to provide them with the care they have earned and deserve. We must encourage safe, quality care for those who have fought for our freedoms. 
support this bill and help fulfill our promise to our veterans. 
today to shed light on the hundreds of Chibok schoolgirls who were abducted by Boko Haram nearly 600 days ago. Some girls have been recovered, but many more are still missing. 
Boko Haram is now the most dangerous terrorist organization in the world, killing more than 6,000 people in 2014 alone. 
reeling from the death and destruction ISIS has caused in recent weeks, we must not forget the terror that Boko Haram brings every single day. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud our government’s efforts in helping provide Nigeria with the support they need to fight these militants. But there is more to be done. We cannot turn a blind eye to the destruction and bloodshed they have caused. We must continue to dedicate resources and support to wipe out the world’s deadliest terror organizations. 
effort to save so many lives from falling into Boko Haram’s hands. 
Florida for leading the charge on this issue here in Congress. I am proud to stand with you in the fight to Bring Back Our Girls and stop Boko Haram. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
want to address the importance of passing the reauthorization of the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act, H.R. 1786, and this needs to be done as a standalone bill. The reauthorization of this bill is far too important to be rolled into a package at the end of the year. 
ago, and these Americans responded without hesitation. First responders are undoubtedly heroes in the eyes of America. They at least deserve to have their bill heard individually. 
Five years ago, in the last days of the 
111th Congress, this bill was passed. It was the last bill that Congress passed that year in the lameduck 2010 year. 
brought up. It is important that each of us put our cards in. Vote your conscience. Vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ But we deserve a chance to vote on this bill as a standalone bill. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in commemoration of World AIDS Day and to honor those who labor to end its spread. 
Today is the day to raise our awareness of HIV/AIDS and our unwavering fight against it. New infections worldwide are down 35 percent since 2000, and AIDSrelated deaths have been reduced by 42 percent since 2004. 
Though HIV and AIDS are now considered chronic illnesses, like with any chronic illness, first you must know that you have it in order to treat it. 
living with HIV/AIDS globally, and that is unacceptable. My own district, the Ninth District of Brooklyn, New York, has been particularly hard hit over the past three decades by HIV/ AIDS. 
living with HIV/AIDS since June of 2014. Over 30 percent of new HIV diagnoses in the first half of 2014 were made concurrent with AIDS diagnoses and years after infection. Surveys suggest that 40 percent of Brooklyn adults have yet to receive an HIV screening. 
Brooklyn had the highest percentages of HIV/AIDS, so now is the time for us to act. Let us end HIV/AIDS. Help stop the spread today. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
request the President’s timely response to a bipartisan, bicameral letter from congressional Members willing to work with him to repeal the Affordable Care Act’s tax on middle class families’ healthcare benefits. 
This month I joined House and Senate Members, both Democrat and Republican, to express our constituents’ extreme concern about the 40 percent tax on employersponsored benefits coming in 2018. Public and private employers and employees tell me that the tax will cost jobs and incomes across New Hampshire as they cope with higher taxes and premiums. 
planning for the worst. Families will face lower wages and higher prices as organizations shift costs to pay for new taxes. Our coalition asks the President to meet with us as soon as possible so we can find a solution to this socalled Cadillac tax by the end of this year. 
I would like to thank Senators HELLER, BROWN , and H EINRICH , as well as 
request to work together. If we act now, we can avoid more unintended consequences of the Affordable Care Act. WEAR RED WEDNESDAY 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. 
world’s deadliest terrorist organization. Boko Haram has actually murdered more people than ISIS. This means that Boko Haram’s attacks are more lethal and more devastating than anything we have seen in the history of modern terrorism. 
attack on Baga was the second deadliest terrorist attack in modern history after 9/11. An organization capable of this level of death and destruction must be eradicated. 
3833, which would require the U.S. Government to develop a regional strategy to assist Nigeria in defeating Boko Haram. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls and remember to wear something red tomorrow, Wednesday, a tie, a pin, a flower. Just wear something red and tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson. Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
first of all, let me say that I join my colleagues in asking for the James Zadroga bill to be passed in honor and tribute to our first responders after the tragedy and heinous terrorist act of 9/ 11. 
AIDS Day. I want to congratulate my constituents. I join the city of Houston, Harris County, in honoring the President’s 2020 initiative, which is to encourage all of us to surge back into education and prevention of HIV/AIDS. 
Today in my district as well, the Thomas Street Clinic and a number of other organizations will be acknowledging those who still live with AIDS. It is certainly our responsibility to fight to ensure the stopping of HIV/ AIDS in this Nation. 
bill that will be on the floor today. What I would like to note is that I am glad that some of the issues have been resolved. 
glad that it will provide critical resources for the fight against ISIL, emphasize collection to monitor and ensure compliance with the Iranian nuclear agreement, which some have been very concerned about, that intelligence is very important, and as well it promotes foreign partner capabilities such as helping our allies in France. 
and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. It is a bill that we all should consider. 
OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 539 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 
539 provides for a rule to consider three important bills that will help millions of Americans and their families who are having to pay or will soon be paying higher energy costs due to the administration’s misguided and illconceived energy policies. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and the minority of the Energy and Commerce Committee, on each of the pieces of legislation before us, including S.J. Res. 23, a resolution of disapproval of a rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency on greenhouse gases from new stationary sources; S.J. Res. 24, a resolution of disapproval of a rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency on greenhouse gases from existing stationary sources; and H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, which will move this country in a direction of greater energy independence. 
a closed rule on both resolutions of disapproval, as is standard for such measures, allowing for 1 hour of debate equally divided between the majority and minority of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, while allowing the minority a motion to commit on each of the resolutions. 
of debate on H.R. 8, also equally divided between the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. A subsequent order from the Committee on Rules will likely address any amendments to be made in order later in the week. 
The House, in taking up these measures, is doing so to reflect the will of the people so many of us represent who are opposed to the administration’s actions and wish to stop this outofcontrol Environmental Protection Agency from doing further damage to the economy. Further, H.R. 8 reflects a broad consensus of energy stakeholders who are ready and willing to move the country’s energy future into high gear. S.J. Res. 23, disapproving of the Environmental Protection Agency’s new greenhouse gas rules on new stationary sources—loosely translated, that means the Nation’s power plants, keeping the lights on in your home, the heat on in the winter, and the airconditioning on in the summer—and S.J. Res. 24, disapproving of the EPA’s new greenhouse gas rules on existing stationary sources, both of these joint resolutions passed in the Senate in October by a majority vote of 52–46. The Congressional Review Act, the law which allows for the process of disapproval by Congress when an administration goes too far with one of its rules, allows us an upordown vote on the resolution, which cannot be filibustered, thus allowing the measure to be considered in the Senate. It is now time for the House to be heard on this measure as well. 
Mr. Speaker, the Environmental Protection Agency’s overreaching greenhouse gas rules have had an extensive number of hearings in the Energy and Commerce Committee over the last few years. The committee reviewed all aspects of the proposed rules, including the impacts on reliability and the impacts on consumer costs, including bringing the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to discuss possible impacts on reliability around the country due to these rules. 
Nation, coalfired power plants are closing because they see that the Obama administration’s EPA has made it clear that it will go after them relentlessly until they are shuttered. This means fewer costeffective options for consumers and also the potential for brownouts and blackouts during highconsumption times, like during the peak of the summer in Texas, where rolling brownouts are already not uncommon. The Environmental Protection Agency’s new rules will only exacerbate this issue. 
Whether Members of this body support these rules or oppose them, the measures before us today will provide each Member the opportunity to be officially registered on where they stand on these EPA rules, and that is what we are all here to do. 
H.R. 8, in contrast to the EPA’s regulations, moves the country to a place of greater energy security and abundance. Over the past several years, the Energy and Commerce Committee has worked towards modernizing the Nation’s energy laws, making the government more accountable, more accountable to the people it is meant to represent as it makes decisions which affect literally every citizen in this country and their pocketbooks. 
guiding force in moving this country ahead in the energy sector. Texas was one of the first major beneficiaries, with the oil boom in the last two centuries. Now, as new technologies and innovations emerge, Congress must stand on the side of the free market 
from picking winners and losers in the energy market and allowing consumers—allowing consumers—to make those decisions for themselves. 
sources and what technologies work best for them, the economy grows faster and grows more efficiently than ever the government could possibly drive it. That is what the Architecture of Abundance is all about. 
energy independent. It has the ability to end our reliability on oil and gas from the Middle East, a region that is perpetually in turmoil. But the Obama administration has stymied much of the progress that was made in the first decade of this century, slowing or stopping leases on public lands for new exploration of our own resources and putting up red tape and numerous barriers to allowing Americans to tap into what is rightfully theirs. This is a bill that is long overdue, and I certainly thank Chairman UPTON for his work on the 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the three underlying bills. They are an important first step in setting this country on the path to a modern, stable, and abundant energy future. 
to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. 
Republican majority for breaking a record today. Through their exemplary, heavyhanded, undemocratic leadership, this is now officially the most closed session of Congress in the entire history of the United States of America. I am not sure that is something to be proud of, but that is the title that they have earned. 
48th closed rules of the 114th Congress. We are in our third legislative week since Speaker RYAN took the gavel, 
and we are already debating our third and fourth closed rules during his short tenure. 
more inclusive, more deliberative, more participatory process. I think he must have misspoken because, by any measure, the Republican leadership has already fallen short of that commitment. 
two that seek to undermine the EPA’s ability to protect our public health and environment and a third that offers many troubling provisions, including one which would hastily rush the natural gas pipeline approval process and allow pipelines to be built and run 
run out of money. During the 114th Congress, we have stood in this Chamber debating Republican messaging bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, undermine the DoddFrank financial reform law, and weaken public health and environmental regulations while failing to consider meaningful legislation that would create jobs, boost the economy, and help vulnerable Americans rise out of poverty. Instead of focusing on these priorities, this majority will bring to the floor three bills intended to prevent the EPA from effectively doing its job. 
that is probably because what I just said is from a floor speech I gave on a rule for three antiscience bills that the Republicans brought before us last November. The only difference is I changed 113th to 114th Congress. And while I hate to repeat myself, unfortunately, the majority is in a rut of bringing before us the same old same old: unproductive legislation that is going nowhere. 
We have 6 legislative days left to ensure that the government doesn’t run out of money, just 6 days; but instead of focusing on that, instead of working to ensure the government is funded, we are on the floor debating more Republican messaging bills that I think were written in the National Republican Congressional Committee because they are poorly drafted. These bills have drastic and devastating effects on public health and the environment, and they will be vetoed by the President of the United States. 
I include in the RECORD the Statements of Administration Policy on these bills, expressing the administration’s intent to veto these bills. 
The Administration is committed to taking responsible steps to modernize the Nation’s energy infrastructure in a way that addresses climate change, promotes clean energy and energy efficiency, drives innovation, and ensures a cleaner, more stable environment for future generations. The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 8 because it would undermine already successful initiatives designed to modernize the Nation’s energy infrastructure and increase our energy efficiency. 
on energy bills, provides opportunities for more jobs, and improves industrial competitiveness. H.R. 8 would stifle the Nation’s move toward energy efficiency by severely hampering the Department of Energy’s (DOE) ability to provide technical support for building code development and State implementation. In addition, the bill would undercut DOE’s ability to enforce its appliance standards and would weaken section 433 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, which requires a reduction in fossil fuelgenerated energy in Federal buildings. 
H.R. 8 includes a provision regarding certain operational characteristics in capacity markets operated by Regional Transmission 
Organizations (RTO5) and Independent System Operators (ISOs). The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and RTOs and ISOs are already well positioned, especially as technologies change over time, to ensure that capacity market structures adequately provide for the procurement of sufficient capacity to efficiently and reliably fulfill the resourceadequacy function that these markets are intended to perform. 
H.R. 8 includes new, unnecessary provisions that would broaden FERC’s authority to impose deadlines on other Federal agencies reviewing the environmental implications of natural gas pipeline applications. H.R. 8 also would unnecessarily curtail DOE’s ability to fully consider whether natural gas export projects are consistent with the public interest. 
Further, H.R. 8 would undermine the current hydropower licensing regulatory process in place under the Federal Power Act that works to minimize negative impacts associated with the siting of hydropower projects, including negative impacts on safety, fish and wildlife, water quality and conservation, and a range of additional natural resources and cultural values. Among the ways that H.R. 8 would undermine this process would be by creating a new exemption from licensing that would undercut bedrock environmental statutes, including the Clean Water Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the Endangered Species Act. 
Finally, H.R. 8 presents certain constitutional concerns. Sections 1104 and 3004 would impermissibly interfere with the President’s authorities with regard to the conduct of diplomacy and in some cases diplomatic communications, and sections 1109 and 1201 raise concerns under the Recommendations Clause. 
8, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Res. 23, which would undermine the public health protections of the Clean Air Act (CAA) and stop critical U.S. efforts to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the CAA gives the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) the authority to regulate greenhouse gas (GHG) pollution. In 2009, EPA determined that GHG pollution threatens Americans’ health and welfare by leading to longlasting changes to the climate that can, and are already, having a range of negative effects on human health and the environment. This finding is consistent with conclusions of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and numerous other national and international scientific bodies. Power plants account for roughly onethird of all domestic GHG emissions. While the United States limits dangerous emissions of arsenic, mercury, lead, particulate matter, and ozone precursor pollution from power plants, the Carbon Pollution Standards and the Clean Power Plan put into place the first national limits on power plant carbon pollution. The Carbon Pollution Standards will ensure that new, modified, and reconstructed power plants deploy available systems of emission reduction to reduce carbon pollution. 
or reconstruction, thus slowing our country’s transition to cleaner, cuttingedge power generation technologies. Most importantly, the resolution could enable continued buildout of outdated, highpolluting, and longlived power generation infrastructure and impede efforts to reduce carbon pollution from new and modified power plants— when the need to act, and to act quickly, to mitigate climate change impacts on American communities has never been more clear. 
in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipartisan support, the CAA has improved the Nation’s air quality and protected public health. Over that same period of time, the economy has tripled in size while emissions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Fortyfive years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protection go handinhand. 
and economic welfare of future generations by blocking important standards to reduce carbon pollution from the power sector that take a flexible, common sense approach to addressing carbon pollution, if the President were presented with S.J. Res. 23, he would veto the bill. 
S.J. RES. 24—DISAPPROVING EPA RULE ON CAR BON POLLUTION EMISSION GUIDELINES FOR  
Res. 24, which would undermine the public health protections of the Clean Air Act (CAA) and stop critical U.S. efforts to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the CAA gives the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) the authority to regulate greenhouse gas (GHG) pollution. In 2009, EPA determined that GHG pollution threatens Americans’ health and welfare by leading to longlasting changes to the climate that can, and are already, having a range of negative effects on human health and the environment. This finding is consistent with conclusions of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and numerous other national and international scientific bodies. Power plants account for roughly onethird of all domestic GHG emissions. While the United States limits dangerous emissions of arsenic, mercury, lead, particulate matter, and ozone precursor pollution from power plants, the Clean Power Plan and the Carbon Pollution Standards put into place the first national limits on power plant carbon pollution. The Clean Power Plan empowers States to costeffectively reduce emissions from existing sources and provides States and power plants a great deal of flexibility in meeting the requirements. EPA expects that under the Clean Power Plan, by 2030, carbon pollution from power plants will be reduced by 32 percent from 2005 levels. 
Res. 24 seeks to block progress towards cleaner energy, eliminating public health and other benefits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, including thousands fewer premature deaths from air pollution and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. Most importantly, the resolution would impede efforts to reduce carbon pollution from existing power plants—the largest source of carbon pollution in the country— when the need to act, and to act quickly, to mitigate climate change impacts on American communities has never been more clear. Since it was enacted in 1970, and amended 
in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipartisan support, the CAA has improved the Nation’s air quality and protected public health. Over that same period of time, the economy has tripled in size while emissions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Fortyfive years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protection go handinhand. 
and economic welfare of future generations by blocking important standards to reduce carbon pollution from the power sector that take a flexible, common sense approach to addressing carbon pollution, if the President were presented with S.J. Res. 24, he would veto the bill. 
the Republican point of view, the positive thing about these bills is that they are yet another pander to big money fossil fuel special interests. I urge my colleagues to follow the money because that is what this is all about here today. It is not about serious legislating. It is about fundraising. 
Res. 24 look to stop commonsense regulations that the EPA has put in place that protect us from the harmful pollution emitted by power plants. These joint resolutions are another clear message from the Republican majority that they do not believe that climate change is real. Over 120 environmental, faithbased, and public health organizations have already come out opposing these two resolutions, including the American Lung Association, the Allergy and Asthma Network, the League of Conservation Voters, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club, and Public Citizen. I can stand here forever and repeat the other organizations that have a lot of public support in this country that have come out against these bills. 
of our annual carbon pollution emissions. They are the single biggest source of carbon pollution in the country. Yet the Republican majority wants to take away the greatest step we have taken to try to curb that major source of pollution. These two joint resolutions would permanently prevent the EPA from ever, ever limiting pollution from power plants in the future as well. 
of legislation. It favors the use of fossil fuels over renewable energy and favors consumption over energy efficiency. 
through FERC in under 90 days even though most applications, by the way, are reviewed and approved in less than 1 year. 
the process, allowing big gas companies to choose to build wherever they want, regardless of the consequences for local communities. It would even allow them to build through our treasured national parks. It is an early Christmas gift for big special interests. At some point, we must face the 
colleagues on the Republican side. I know it may make you feel uncomfortable, but it is the truth: Climate change is real. 
real, yet a huge chunk of the Republican Conference is in denial. They don’t believe there is such a thing as climate change. They don’t believe we have any responsibility to our children or to future generations to combat climate change. 
this fantasy world where you can rely on fossil fuels and rely on fossil fuels and rely on fossil fuels and can just make believe that it has no impact at all on the environment. 
weren’t such a serious issue, it would be comical, but climate change is a serious issue. It is a real issue. It is an issue not just for us; it is an issue for future generations. So their denial, quite frankly, is frightening. 
oil industries with taxpayer subsidies. We shouldn’t be using taxpayer money to destroy our environment. When the scientific community reaches a clear consensus on an issue like climate change, Congress shouldn’t undermine them with dangerous legislation like this. 
When we receive credible, peerreviewed study after study after study after study that tells us we are in the middle of a climate crisis and that something must be done about it, we need to listen, but the Republican majority refuses to listen. 
the most pressing issue of our time. We know that climate change is for real. We know that. We see it. We live it. The scientific community has verified it. 
not a hoax, and it is certainly not some silly fantasy. When arctic ice is crashing into the oceans at record rates, that is not a hoax. When species are going extinct at accelerated rates around the globe, that is not a fantasy. When extreme weather events are becoming commonplace, that is not a theory. When the global temperature of the planet continues to increase every year for decades, we should pay attention. 
These are the exact same scare tactics that have been used for over 45 years in opposition to climate change. It is the same old stuff. Opponents of clean air have been claiming for half a century that clean air regulations would kill jobs and hurt economic growth, but they are wrong. 
alone has created $57 trillion in benefits since it was enacted in 1970. The Clean Power Plan will lead to a stronger economy, a safer climate, and better health for all of us. 
anything that he is for they have to be against. You have got to move beyond your anger. You have got to look at the issues, and you have to evaluate them based on the evidence. 
is for real, but you would never know that in listening to the majority. They have no solutions, only denial. Let’s keep on down the road of the same old, same old, and their ‘‘just say no’’ agenda is a recipe for disaster. 
around the world are meeting in Paris to talk about how to deal with the issue of climate change. What we should be doing here is providing some wind at the backs of not only our President but of all of the leaders of the world who are gathering to try to figure out how to deal with this challenge. 
this. It is really sad that this is what we have come to. If we are going to say ‘‘no’’ to anything today, it should be to this closed rule and to S.J. Res. 23 and to S.J. Res. 24. 
The Republican Party is in the majority today. There are a couple of reasons that is so. 
2010, and the American people looked at what was happening in their legislative body and said: We need a change. We need a change from the direction in which we are going. 
the WaxmanMarkey bill, the capand trade scheme that was drawn up in the Energy and Commerce Committee, of which I am a member. I sat through the debate on it. I remember it very well. 
and that bill was forced through this House in June of 2009, right before Members went home for the 4th of July weekend. 
A lot of people will look at the Affordable Care Act and say that is the reason Congress changed from a majorityDemocrat institution to a majorityRepublican institution. It is because of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. 
was actually that activity in June of 2009 that caused people to look at what was going on in their Congress and to look at that bill that was drafted in the Energy and Commerce Committee by Chairman Waxman and Chairman MARKEY and say: No, not for us. We are 
not going along with this. This is not a direction in which we want you to take this country. 
notion that we have government with the consent of the governed, but the governed did not consent to what they saw being passed in Congress late in June of 2009. So it is no accident that things are the way they are today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
I want to read a passage from columnist George Will from earlier this year, January 7, of his writing in the Washington Post. Mr. Will writes: 
that those who think catastrophic global warming is probable and perhaps imminent are exemplary empiricists. They say those who disagree with them are ‘climate change deniers’ disrespectful of science. 
which everyone can agree is that, of course, the climate is changing—it always is. And if climate Cassandras are as conscientious as they claim to be about weighing evidence, how do they accommodate historical evidence of enormously consequential episodes of climate change not produced by human activity? Before wagering vast wealth and curtailments of liberty on correcting the climate,’’ perhaps they should consider the past. 
Then he goes on to detail those episodes in the past: the Little Ice Age and the Medieval Warm Period. 
recorded history that can be looked to where the climate has changed and, yes, has affected human behavior and the human condition, but those were not climate changes affected by the result of human activity. Those were caused by natural cycles, within the Sun cycle, within things over which none of us had any control. 
Will to heart. Before we wager vast amounts of wealth and curtailments of liberty, we would do well to consider those facts. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the gentleman as to how many more speakers he has, for I am prepared to close. 
with whom I don’t agree on very much of anything, quite frankly, if he or anybody else really believes that there is no correlation between human activity and climate change, I would suggest that maybe he go back to school, because the overwhelming science tells us that there is a connection. The overwhelming science tells us that our reliance on fossil fuels, in particular, has accelerated the climate change on this planet. 
an issue on which the scientific community has come together overwhelmingly, there is such a disconnect. Again, at a time when all the world’s leaders are gathered in Paris trying to 
figure out how to deal with this challenge, the House of Representatives is dealing with this. I think that is sad and regrettable. 
I ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would grant law enforcement the authority to block the sale of firearms and explosives to individuals who are suspected of international or domestic terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the RECORD the text 
of the amendment, along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to me, 
this should not be controversial, but in this Chamber that is so beholden to the National Rifle Association, this has become a point of controversy. We are talking about people who are suspected of international or domestic terrorism. I don’t think any reasonable person feels comfortable with selling those people weapons. 
by putting the security interests of the people of this country first and enacting this. I hope that there is a strong, bipartisan vote to defeat the previous question so that we can actually bring this up, debate it, and pass it. 
RECORD a letter from 120 organizations—many environmental organizations, many faithbased organizations—all who oppose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. 
millions of members, the undersigned organizations urge you to oppose Senators McConnell and Capito’s Congressional Review Act resolutions of disapproval (S.J. Res. 23 and 24) that would permanently block the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. 
on public health, the clean energy economy, and modernizing our energy sector. The Clean Power Plan puts in place commonsense limits on power plant carbon pollution, developed with the input of thousands of stakeholders, and provides the flexibility states need to develop their own plans to meet pollution reduction targets. Blocking these commonsense safeguards puts polluter profits before the health of our children. 
Power plants are the country’s single largest source of the pollution fueling climate change and the Clean Power Plan is the single biggest step we have ever taken to tackle climate change. This plan is expected to deliver billions of dollars in benefits and will prevent nearly 3,000 premature deaths and more than a hundred thousand asthma attacks per year by 2030. 
of the health and economic benefits of the Clean Power Plan, they would also bar EPA from issuing any standards in the future that are substantially similar. This means that Americans would continue to be exposed indefinitely to carbon pollution and the impacts of climate change. 
failing to act on climate change will ensure worsening extreme weather events, threaten food supplies and increase public health risks. We strongly urge you to oppose these resolutions that put the health of our children and families at risk, threaten the quality of our air, and strip the EPA of the tools to address dangerous carbon pollution. 
for Healthy Environments, American Rivers, Appalachian Voices, Arizona Interfaith Power & Light, Arkansas Public Policy Panel, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Air Task Force, Clean Water Action, Climate Action Alliance of the Valley. 
Parents, Coalition on the Environment and Jewish Life, Colorado Interfaith Power & Light, Conservation Voters for Idaho, Conservation Voters of South Carolina, Defenders of Wildlife, Delaware Interfaith Power & Light, Earthjustice, Earth Ministry/Washington Interfaith Power & Light, Elders Climate Action, 
Environment America, Environment Arizona, Environment California, Environment Colorado, Environment Connecticut, Environment Florida, Environment Georgia, Environment Iowa, Environment Maine, Environment Maryland, Environment Massachusetts, Environment Michigan, Environment Minnesota, Environment Missouri. 
Environment Montana, Environment Nevada, Environment New Mexico, Environment New Hampshire, Environment New York, Environment North Carolina, Environment Ohio, Environment Oregon, Environment Rhode Island, Environment Texas, Environment Virginia, Environment Washington, Environmental Advocates of New York. 
Environmental Investigation Agency, Environmental Justice Leadership Forum on Climate Change, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Environmental and Energy Study Institute, Environmental Defense Action Fund, Georgia Interfaith Power & Light, GreenLatinos, Health Care Without Harm, Hoosier Interfaith Power & Light, Illinois Interfaith Power & Light, Interfaith Power & Light, Interfaith Power & Light (DC. MD. NoVA), Iowa Interfaith Power & Light, Iowa Chapter Physicians for Social Responsibility. 
KyotoUSA, League of Conservation Voters, League of Women Voters, Maine Interfaith Power & Light, Maine Conservation Voters, Maryland League of Conservation Voters, Massachusetts Interfaith Power & Light, Michigan League of Conservation Voters, Minnesota Interfaith Power & Light, Missouri Interfaith Power & Light, Montana Conservation Voters, Montana Environmental Information Center, Natural Resources Defense Council. 
Jersey League of Conservation Voters, New Mexico Interfaith Power & Light, New Virginia Majority, New York Interfaith Power & Light, New York League of Conservation Voters, North Carolina Interfaith Power & Light, North Carolina Council of Churches, North Carolina League of Conservation Voters, Ohio Interfaith Power & Light, Oklahoma Interfaith Power & Light, Oregon League of Conservation Voters, PDA, Tucson, PennEnvironment, Pennsylvania Interfaith Power & Light. 
Physicians for Social Responsibility, Physicians for Social Responsibility, Arizona, Physicians for Social Responsibility Maine Chapter, Polar Bears International, Protect Our Winters, Public Citizen, Rachel Carson Council, Rhode Island Interfaith Power & Light, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now, Sunshine State Interfaith Power & Light, Tennessee Interfaith Power & Light. 
Physicians for Social Responsibility, The Climate Reality Project, Union of Concerned Scientists, Utah Interfaith Power & Light, Vermont Interfaith Power and Light, Virginia Interfaith Power & Light, Virginia Organizing, Voces Verdes, Voice for Progress, WE ACT for Environmental Justice, Western Organization of Resource Councils, Wisconsin Environment, Wisconsin Interfaith Power & Light, Wisconsin League of Conservation Voters, World Wildlife Fund. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I include for the R ECORD a letter that was 
sent to every Member of Congress who is opposed to these two bills. It is signed by the Allergy and Asthma Network, the American Lung Association, the American Public Health Association, the Children’s Environmental Health Network, the Trust for America’s Health, the National Association of Hispanic Nurses, the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, and the Health Care Without Harm. 
legislation that we are bringing before the House today. 
public health and medical organizations strongly urge you to oppose Congressional Review Act resolutions H.J. Res. 71 and 72. The measures are excessive attacks on public health protections from carbon pollution from power plants. 
are an extreme tool that would permanently block the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)’s actions to reduce dangerous carbon pollution from power plants. These resolutions would prevent EPA from moving forward with any substantially similar action in the future. Carbon pollution from power plants greatly contributes to climate change, which is widely recognized as one of the greatest threats to public health. To protect public health, it is vital that our nation make progress in the fight against climate change. 
MD, MBA, said during 2015 National Public Health Week, ‘‘We know that climate change means higher temperatures overall, and it also means longer and hotter heat waves . . . higher temperatures can mean worse air in cities, and more smog and more ozone. We know that more intense wildfires will mean increased smoke in the air. And we know that earlier springs and longer summers mean longer allergy seasons.’’ 
the nation are experiencing the health effects of climate change now. Climate change is impacting air pollution, which can cause asthma attacks, cardiovascular disease and premature death, and fostering extreme weather patterns, such as heat and severe storms, droughts, wildfires and flooding, that can harm lowincome communities disproportionately. Bold action is needed to protect public health, which is why our organizations support the Clean Power Plan. 
from power plants will help the nation take important steps toward protecting Americans’ health from these threats. Not only does the Clean Power Plan give states flexible tools to reduce the carbon pollution that causes climate change, these crucial tools will also have the cobenefit of reducing other deadly pollutants at the same time, preventing up to 3,600 premature deaths and 
your constituents and vote NO on these Congressional Review Act resolutions, H.J. Res. 71 and 72. 
Lung Association; American Public Health Association; American Thoracic Society; Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America; Children’s Environmental Health Network; Health Care Without Harm; National Association of Hispanic Nurses; Trust for America’s Health. 
as I began, which is by reminding my colleagues that we are at an important crossroads. We still have an opportunity to do something about climate change. 
the right side of history. We have the opportunity to do something that is good not only for all of us but for our children, for our grandchildren, and for generations to come. 
some wind at the backs of the leaders from all over the world who are gathered in Paris and who are trying to figure out how to deal with the issue of climate change. 
opportunity, we need to reject the same old, same old. We need to understand that we need to transition from our historic reliance on fossil fuels. 
reliance on these forms of energy and what we are seeing right now in our environment. It didn’t begin that way, and we didn’t think we were doing harm to the environment when we were utilizing these resources, but science, over the years, has shown us, undeniably, the damage that has been done to our planet. It is up to us to try to reverse this trend, not to bury our heads in the sand, not to deny science, not to deny climate change, but to do the right thing. 
of my Republican colleagues, will join with us in rejecting this legislation and will instead work with this White House and will work with other world leaders to deal with the issue of climate change. 
as being our top priority. Well, national security is more than just the number of weapons we have in our arsenal. It also includes the cleanliness and the purity of our environment. It is about time we become good stewards of this planet. 
the previous question and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this backwardthinking legislation that really should not be on the floor today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
WaxmanMarkey bill, during this administration and the previous administration, between 2005 and 2012, carbon emissions in this country fell by 10 percent because of marketbased activity. 
to the goal that it set for itself in the United Nations agreement, a goal that we would reduce carbon emissions by 20 percent in the year 2020. 
We are halfway there, a 10 percent reduction. That is without WaxmanMarkey. That is without any international agreement that the President might think he is entertaining or entering into over in Paris. 
for the consideration of three important bills for our energy future, two resolutions disapproving of the Environmental Protection Agency’s greenhouse gas regulations and a bill that is forward looking that will set this country on the path to greater energy security. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 539 O FFERED BY  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on 
the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
of Texas). The question is on ordering the previous question. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4127) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
for flexible personnel management among elements of intelligence community. 
Intelligence Community in Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency. 
TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 
assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation. 
posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea. 
transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
transfer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. TITLE VII—REPORTS AND OTHER 
funds in conjunction with Department of Energy national laboratories. 
purpose of complying with the Statutory PayAsYouGoAct of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the following elements of the United States Government: 
shall not publicly disclose the classified Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— 
may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for such element. 
Management Account of the Director of National Intelligence are authorized 785 positions as of September 30, 2016. Personnel serving in such elements may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or personnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. 
individual to a position converted or established pursuant to this subsection without regard to the civilservice laws, including parts II and III of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $514,000,000. 
salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence 
activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
department, agency, or other element of the United States Government’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal, State (as defined in section 804), or local governmental agency or unit thereof’’; and 
OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IN COUNCIL OF INSPECTORS GENERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY. 
Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of the Director of National Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘the Intelligence Community’’. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
shall direct each agency to implement a program to provide enhanced security review of covered individuals— 
of the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016; or 
covered individual, including the credit worthiness of the covered individual; 
criminal watch list maintained by any agency, State or local government, or international organization. 
that each covered individual is adequately advised of the types of relevant security or counterintelligence information the covered individual is required to report to the head of the agency. 
given that term in section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341); 
has the meaning given that term in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a); 
individual employed by an agency or a contractor of an agency who has been determined eligible for access to classified information or eligible to hold a sensitive position; 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end following: 
Intelligence shall develop and implement a plan to eliminate the backlog of overdue periodic reinvestigations of covered individuals. 
covered individuals that shall include all covered individuals in the pool of individuals subject to a onetime check. 
an individual who has been determined eligible for access to classified information or eligible to hold a sensitive position. 
after learning that an electronic communication service provider that generates call detail records in the ordinary course of business has changed the policy of the provider on the retention of such call detail records to result in a retention period of less than 18 months, the Director of National Intelligence shall notify, in writing, the congressional intelligence committees of such change. 
National Intelligence shall issue a directive containing a written policy for the timely notification to the congressional intelligence committees of the identities of individuals occupying senior level positions within the intelligence community. 
by the individual, if applicable, or the position held by the individual immediately prior to the appointment. 
Intelligence shall designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intelligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
United States and partner countries to address the use of tunnels by adversaries. 
measure the incidence of duplication in finished intelligence analysis products; and 
methodology used to carry out the study required by this subsection shall be able to be repeated for use in other subsequent studies. 
the production of such information a routine part of the mission of the Analytic Integrity and Standards Group. 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a plan for revising analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure customers are able to clearly identify— 
may be construed to impose any requirement that would interfere with the production of an operationally urgent or otherwise time sensitive current intelligence product. 
INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF THE UNITED STATES NATIONAL SECURITY OVERHEAD SATELLITE ARCHITECTURE. 
including the capabilities of commercial systems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010. Such strategy shall, where applicable, account for the unique missions and authorities vested in the Department of Defense and the intelligence community. 
distributed, disaggregated architectures, that could allow for better resiliency, reconstitution, replenishment, and rapid technological refresh; and 
the importance of offensive and defensive space control capabilities. 
cyber incidents for the purposes of determining the response to such incidents; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the complete findings of such study. 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 
Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3382) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(viii) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence;’’; and 
Intelligence shall assign the Chief of the Analytic Integrity and Standards Group to conduct a review of finished intelligence products produced by the Central Intelligence Agency to assess whether the reorganization of the Agency, announced publicly on March 6, 2015, has resulted in any loss of analytic objectivity. 
objectivity of a representative sample of finished intelligence products produced by the Central Intelligence Agency before the reorganization and a representative sample of such finished intelligence products produced after the reorganization, predicated on the products’ communication of uncertainty, expression of alternative analysis, and other underlying evaluative criteria referenced in the Strategic Evaluation of AllSource Analysis directed by the Director; 
results of anonymous surveys of Central Intelligence Agency and customers conducted before the reorganization and the results of such anonymous surveys conducted after the reorganization, with a focus on the analytic standard of objectivity; 
the effect that the reorganization’s integration of operational, analytic, support, technical, and digital personnel and capabilities into Mission Centers has had on analytic objectivity; and 
analysts of the Central Intelligence Agency perform their functions with objectivity, are not unduly constrained, and are not influenced by the force of preference for a particular policy. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency and 
such information or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Inspector General provided by this section from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency or unit thereof. 
for information or assistance from a department or agency of the Federal Government, the head of the department or agency involved, insofar as practicable and not in contravention of any existing statutory restriction or regulation of such department or agency, shall furnish to the Inspector General, or to an authorized designee, such information or assistance. 
means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
candidates for employment with the Office of Inspector General; and 
‘‘(ii) all other personnel decisions concerning personnel permanently assigned to the Office of Inspector General, including selection and appointment to the Senior Intelligence Service, but excluding all security based determinations that are not within the authority of a head of other Central Intelligence Agency offices.’’. 
National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees written notice if the intelligence community receives intelligence that the Russian Federation has— 
Club–K container missile system through the Russian military; or 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community assessment on the funding of political parties and nongovernmental organizations in former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Security Services since January 1, 2006. Such assessment shall include the following: 
United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community assessment on the use of political assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation since January 1, 2000. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees an intelligence community assessment on the resources used for collection efforts and the collection posture of the intelligence community with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea. 
community prioritizes and coordinates collection activities focused on such region; and 
resourcing gaps and efforts being made to address such gaps. 
SERVING AT A UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC FACILITY IN CUBA. 
diplomatic facility in Cuba is occupied by a citizen of the United States. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the heads of other appropriate departments or agencies of the Federal Government, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— 
operational capacity of the diplomatic facility if the number of such staff was reduced. 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
that each United States diplomatic facility in Cuba that, after the date of the enactment of this Act, is constructed or undergoes a construction upgrade includes a sensitive compartmented information facility. 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
through sanctions relief, including the extent to which any such funds have facilitated the ability of Iran— 
the imposition of sanctions for activities relating to international terrorism pursuant to an executive order or by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury as of the date of the enactment of this Act; 
other country to develop nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles overtly or covertly; or 
of the Government of Iran has diverted any funds made available through sanctions relief to be used by the official for personal use. 
the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter during the period that the Joint Plan of Action is in effect; and 
agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran takes effect and annually thereafter during the period that such agreement remains in effect. 
congressional committees of the intention of making such submission before submitting that report; and 
in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Action, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, and the extension thereto agreed to on November 24, 2014. TITLE VI—MATTERS RELATING TO 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release, to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense unless authorized by Congress. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: 
506H of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3104) is amended— 
NONSTATE ENTITIES .—Section 1055 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 2371) is repealed. 
OFNATIONAL LABORATORY COMPUTERS .—Section 4508 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2659) is repealed. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and to and from Iraq. The Director shall define the term ‘‘foreign fighter’’ in such reports. 
who have traveled to Syria or Iraq since January 1, 2011, the total number of foreign fighters in Syria or Iraq as of the date of the submittal of the report, the total number of foreign fighters whose countries of origin have a visa waiver program described in section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), the total number of foreign fighters who have left Syria or Iraq, the total number of female foreign fighters, and the total number of deceased foreign fighters. 
the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment and the status of each such foreign fighter in that database, the number of such foreign fighters who are on a watchlist, and the number of such foreign fighters who are not on a watchlist. 
who have been processed with biometrics, including face images, fingerprints, and iris scans. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report that includes— 
fighters to and from Iraq and Syria, a description of the intelligence sharing relationships between the United States and member states of the European Union and member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
RESOURCES TO DETECT, DETER, AND DEGRADE ISLAMIC STATE REVENUE MECHANISMS. 
Congress that the intelligence community should dedicate necessary resources to defeating the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intelligence community that are necessary to detect, deter, and degrade the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive report on the counterterrorism strategy of the United States to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
State or alQa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an affiliate group of the Islamic State or alQa’ida; 
State or alQa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an associated group of the Islamic State or alQa’ida; 
Qa’ida, including a list of which known groups constitute an adherent of the Islamic State or alQa’ida; and 
or alQa’ida, including a description of what actions a group takes or statements it makes that qualify it as a group aligned with the Islamic State or alQa’ida. 
weakening of the Islamic State or alQa’ida, its affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, from January 1, 2010, to the present, including a description of the metrics that are used to assess strengthening or weakening and an assessment of the relative increase or decrease in violent attacks attributed to such entities. 
can be a member of core alQa’ida if such individual is not located in Afghanistan or Pakistan. 
can be a member of core alQa’ida as well as a member of an alQa’ida affiliated group, associated group, or adherent. 
counterterrorism operations against the Islamic State or core alQa’ida, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, and whether such operations have had a sustained impact on the capabilities and effectiveness of the Islamic State or core al Qa’ida, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
on the operations of the intelligence community abroad, including the types of operations, if any, that have been negatively affected or entirely suspended or terminated as a result of the data breach. 
groups, or countries may use the data collected by the data breach (particularly regarding information included in background investigations for security clearances), including with respect to— 
within the Federal Government, including regarding foreign policy decisions; and 
Government and friends and families of such employees for the purpose of gaining access to sensitive national security and economic information. 
agencies of the Federal Government use the best practices to protect sensitive data, including a summary of any such best practices that were not used by the Office of Personnel Management. 
a discussion of proposals and options for responding to cyber attacks. 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. The report shall include the following: 
Corps Scholarship Program hired by each element of the intelligence community. 
the intelligence community recruits graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
to the intelligence community to expedite the hiring or processing of security clearances for graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
National Intelligence to improve the hiring by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program, including any recommendations for legislative action to carry out such improvements. 
Corps Scholarship Program’’ means the Federal Cyber ScholarshipforService Program under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442). 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall 
committees a report on the representation, as of the date of the report, of covered business concerns among the contractors that are awarded contracts by elements of the intelligence community for goods, equipment, tools, and services. 
this Act, the Director does not record and monitor the statistics required to carry out this section, a description of the actions taken by the Director to ensure that such statistics are recorded and monitored beginning in fiscal year 2016. 
during fiscal year 2016 to enhance the awarding of contracts to covered business concerns by elements of the intelligence community. 
In this section, the term ‘‘covered business concerns’’ means the following: 
FUNDS IN CONJUNCTION WITH DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL LABORATORIES. 
SERVING INSTITUTIONS IN GRANT PROGRAM TO ENHANCE RECRUITING OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WORKFORCE. 
‘‘HISTORICALLY BLACK ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN MINORITY SERVING ’’; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S CHIFF ) 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4127. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Intelligence Committee, we committed to carrying on the practice of passing annual intelligence authorization bills, which is the most important tool Congress can use to control the intelligence activities of the United States Government. Today, building on the legacy of Chairman ROGERS and Ranking Member R UPPERSBERGER , we are 
bringing the sixth consecutive intelligence authorization bill to the floor. 
version of the bill with a strong vote. Since then, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence reported out its version of the bill by a unanimous consent vote. I commend Chairman BURR 
leadership on the bill, and I look forward to working with them in future years. 
to by both the House and the Senate committees. It preserves key House initiatives while adding several important provisions from the Senate. None of these provisions are considered controversial. 
As most of the intelligence budget involves highly classified programs, the bulk of the direction is found in the bill’s classified annex, which has been available in HVC–304 for all Members to review since yesterday. 
that the classified annex is consistent with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. It reduces the President’s request by less than 1 percent while still providing an increase above last year’s level. 
The agreed text preserves key committee and House funding initiatives that are vital to national security. These initiatives are offset by reductions to unnecessary programs and increased efficiencies. The agreement also provides substantial intelligence resources to help defeat ISIS and other terrorist groups. 
America is higher than at any time since 9/11. ISIS has established a safe haven across Iraq and Syria, and the group hopes to create a state stretching from Lebanon to Iraq, including Syria, Jordan, and Israel. 
strategy should be to deny safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks against the United States and our allies. Regrettably, we have not prevented ISIS from establishing a safe haven and the group has become skilled at hiding from western intelligence services. 
ISIS members have used that breathing room to plan attacks in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, and they are undoubtedly planning attacks against the United States. 
We rightly demand that our intelligence agencies provide policymakers with the best and most timely information possible on the threats we face. We ask them to track terrorists wherever they train, plan, and fundraise. We ask them to stop devastating cyber attacks that steal American jobs. We ask them to track nuclear missile threats. We demand that they get it right every time. 
This bill will ensure that the dedicated men and women of our intelligence community have the funding, authorities, and support they need to carry out their mission and to keep us safe. 
Before closing, I want to take a moment to thank the men and women of this country who serve in our intelligence community. I am honored to get to know so many of them in the course of our oversight work. 
staff of the committee, both majority and minority, for their hard work on the bill and for their daily oversight of the intelligence community. 
Shockey, Shannon Stuart, Andy Peterson, Jake Crisp, and Michael Ellis for all the long hours they put in to get this bill across the finish line. 
to thank Michael Bahar, Tim Bergreen, Carly Blake, and Wells Bennett for their work on the bill. 
been a pleasure to work with him on this bill, and I look forward to continuing the committee’s oversight work with him over the next year. 
member of the committee staff, Bill Flanigan. Bill is undergoing surgery today. We wish him all the best in his recovery. 
I urge passage of H.R. 4127. I reserve the balance of my time. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TO ACCOM PANY THE INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
The following consists of the joint explanatory statement to accompany the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
the status of negotiations and disposition of issues reached between the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter, ‘‘the Agreement’’). The joint explanatory statement shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
three parts: first, an overview of the application of the annex to accompany this statement; second, select unclassified congressional direction; and third, a sectionbysection analysis of the unclassified legislative text. 
activities prevents the congressional intelligence committees from publicly disclosing many details concerning the conclusions and recommendations of the Agreement. Therefore, a classified Schedule of Authorizations and a classified annex have been prepared to describe in detail the scope and intent of the congressional intelligence committees’ actions. The Agreement authorizes the Intelligence Community to obligate and expend funds not altered or modified by the classified Schedule of Authorizations as requested in the President’s budget, subject to modification under applicable reprogramming procedures. 
The classified annex is the result of negotiations between the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. It reconciles the differences between the committees’ respective versions of the bill for National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Homeland Security Intelligence Program for Fiscal Year 2016. The Agreement also makes recommendations for the Military Intelligence Program (MIP), and the Information Systems Security Program, consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and provides certain direction for these two programs 
annexes to the reports accompanying H.R. 2596, as passed by the House on June 16, 2015, and S. 1705, as reported by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on July 7, 2015. All references to the Housepassed and Senatereported annexes are solely to identify the heritage of specific provisions. 
is incorporated into the bill pursuant to Section 102. It has the status of law. The classified annex supplements and adds detail to clarify the authorization levels found in the bill and the classified Schedule of Authorizations. The classified annex shall have the same legal force as the report to accompany the bill. 
The Agreement directs the Office of the Director for National Intelligence (ODNI) to conduct an awareness, outreach, and recruitment program to rural, underrepresented colleges and universities that are not part of the IC Centers of Academic Excellence (IC CAE) program. Further, the Agreement directs that ODNI shall increase and formally track the number of competitive candidates for IC employment or internships who studied at IC CAE schools and other scholarship programs supported by the IC. 
ODNI, acting through the Executive Agent for the IC CAE program, the IC Chief Human Capital Officer, and the Director, IC Equal Opportunity & Diversity, as appropriate, shall: 
1. Add a criterion to the IC CAE selection 
process that applicants must be part of a consortium or actively collaborate with underresourced schools in their area; 
2. Work with CAE schools to reach out to 
rural and underresourced schools, including by inviting such schools to participate in the annual IC CAE colloquium and IC recruitment events; 3. Increase and formally track the number 
of competitive IC internship candidates from IC CAE schools, starting with Fiscal Year 2016 IC summer internships, and provide a report, within 180 days of the enactment of this Act, on its plan to do so; 
CAE, the Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program, the Louis Stokes Educational Scholarship Program, and the Intelligence Officer Training Program reach a diverse demographic and serve as feeders to the IC workforce; 
hiring and retention a breakdown of the students participating in these programs who serve as IC interns, applied for fulltime IC employment, received offers of employment, and entered on duty in the IC; 
6. Conduct a feasibility study with necessary funding levels regarding how the IC CAE could be better tailored to serve under resourced schools, and provide such study to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of the enactment of this Act; 
activities, including the new Applicant Gateway and the IC Virtual Career Fair, to rural schools, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and other minorityserving institutions that have been contacted by IC recruiters; 
9. Ensure that IC elements add such activities listed above that may be appropriate to their recruitment plans for Fiscal Year 2016. 
the congressional intelligence committees on its efforts within 90 days of the enactment of this Act and include final results in its annual report on minority hiring and retention. 
are concerned about potential duplication in finished analytic products. Specifically, the congressional intelligence committees are concerned that contemporaneous publication of substantially similar intelligence products fosters confusion among intelligence customers (including those in Congress), impedes analytic coherence across the IC, and wastes time and effort. The congressional intelligence committees value competitive analysis, but believe there is room to reduce duplicative analytic activity and improve customer impact. 
pilot a repeatable methodology to evaluate potential duplication in finished intelligence analytic products and to report the findings to the congressional intelligence committees within 60 days of the enactment of this Act. In addition, the Agreement directs ODNI to report to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of enactment of this Act how it will revise analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure customers can clearly identify how products that are produced contemporaneously and cover similar topics differ from one another in their methodological, informational, or temporal aspects, and the significance of those differences. This report is not intended to cover operationally urgent analysis or current intelligence. 
The Agreement directs the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) to provide Analytic Health Reports to the congressional intelligence committees on a quarterly basis, including an update on the specific effect of analytic modernization on the health of the Defense Intelligence Analysis Program (DIAP) and its ability to reduce analytic risk. 
comprehensive evaluation of the Defense Intelligence Enterprise’s (DIE) allsource analysis capability and production in Fiscal Year 2015. The evaluation should assess the analytic output of both NIP and MIP funded all source analysts, separately and collectively, and apply the following four criteria identified in the ODNI Strategic Evaluation Report for allsource analysis: 1) integrated, 2) objective, 3) timely, and 4) valueadded. The results of this evaluation shall be included as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 congressional budget justification book. 
of Investigation (FBI) to submit to the congressional intelligence committees, within 180 days of enactment of this Act, a report detailing how FBI has allocated resources between domestic and foreign terrorist threats based on numbers of investigations over the past 5 years. The report should be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
a briefing to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of enactment of this Act on investigations in which minors are encouraged to turn away from violent extremism rather than take actions which that would lead to Federal terrorism indictments. This briefing should place these rates in the context of all investigations of minors for violent extremist activity and should describe any FBI engagement with minors’ families, law enforcement, or other individuals or groups connected to the minor during or after investigations. 
FBI to include how often undercover agents pursue investigations based on a location of interest related to violent extremist activity compared to investigations of an individual or group believed to be engaged in such activity. Included should be the number of locations of interest associated with a religious group or entity. This briefing also should include trend analysis covering the last five years describing violent extremist activity in the U.S. 
The following is a sectionbysection analysis and explanation of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Section 101 lists the United States Government departments, agencies, and other elements for which the Act authorizes appropriations for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities for Fiscal Year 2016. 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities and the applicable personnel levels by program for Fiscal Year 2016 are contained in the classified Schedule of Authorizations and that the classified Schedule of Authorizations shall be made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives and to the President. 
Section 103 is intended to provide additional flexibility to the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) in managing the civilian personnel of the Intelligence Community (IC). Section 103 provides that the DNI may authorize employment of civilian personnel in Fiscal Year 2016 in excess of the number of authorized positions by an amount not exceeding three percent of the total limit applicable to each IC element under Section 102. The DNI may do so only if necessary to the performance of important intelligence functions. 
the Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA) of the Director of National Intelligence and sets the authorized personnel levels for the elements within the ICMA for Fiscal Year 2016. 
for flexible personnel management among elements of intelligence community 
Section 105 clarifies that certain Intelligence Community elements may make hiring decisions based on the excepted service designation. 
the amount of $514,000,000 for Fiscal Year 2016 for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund. 
pleasure to work with him. I greatly appreciate his dedication to the responsibilities that we have, the bipartisan way that he has run this committee, the professional way that he and his staff have conducted all the business of the committee. It has just been an honor to work with him, and I am greatly appreciative of all he has done to bring this bill forward. 
their efforts at producing this bipartisan, bicameral work product. 
version of the Intelligence Authorization Act for the fiscal year 2016. After the Senate’s Intelligence Committee advanced its version out of committee, we worked together to produce the bill that is before us today. It is the result of careful negotiations and of a bipartisan and bicameral commitment to produce a strong intelligence bill for the sake of our country and of our allies. 
I was not able to vote for the intelligence authorization when it first came before the House in June, but I 
am proud to support it today. Many of the underlying issues have been resolved or significantly improved. This annual bill, like those that came before it, funds, equips, and sets priorities for the U.S. intelligence community, which is critical in the world that we inhabit today. 
just how vigilant we need to be, and the bill before us provides urgent resources for the fight against ISIS and al Qaeda. At the same time, we must never let our focus on any one threat or terror group distract us from the other challenges we face, like those posed by Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China. 
providing the necessary means to counter other wideranging threats from state and nonstate actors, particularly in cyberspace, outer space, and in the undersea environment. The bill also takes critical steps to shore up our counterintelligence capabilities. This is of particular significance after the devastating OPM breach. 
Additionally, the intelligence authorization continues to be the single most important means by which Congress conducts oversight of the intelligence community. We much support the IC, but we also have to rigorously oversee it and make sure that what it does in our name comports with our values. 
provides detailed guidance, strict authorizations, and precise limitations on the activities of the intelligence community. It also fences funds to ensure that throughout the year congressional guidance is strictly followed. 
bill include emphasizing collection to monitor and ensure Iran’s compliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—this is critical—funding our most important space programs, investing in space protection and resiliency, preserving investments in cuttingedge technologies, and enhancing oversight of contracting and procurement practices. I am particularly pleased with where the revised bill ends up with respect to our space programs. 
Other highlights of the bill are promoting enhancements to our foreign partner capabilities, which are crucial to multiplying the reach and impact of our own intelligence efforts; enhancing human intelligence capabilities, which is often the key to understanding and predicting global events; greatly intensifying oversight of defense special operation forces activities worldwide. 
The revised bill also continues to incorporate some of the excellent provisions championed by many of the Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee as well as Republicans, in particular, Mr. HIMES’ effort 
to enhance the quality of metrics we use to enable more thorough oversight, Ms. SEWELL ’s provisions to enhance diversity within the intelligence community, Mr. C ARSON ’s provisions to better 
understand FBI resource allocation against domestic and foreign threats and the role of FBI and DNI in countering violent extremism particularly in minors, Ms. SPEIER ’s provision to 
provide greater human rights oversight of the IC’s relationships with certain foreign partners, Mr. QUIGLEY ’s provision regarding intelligence support to Ukraine, and Mr. SWALWELL ’s provision 
to ensure that Department of Energy’s national labs can work with State and local government recipients of Homeland Security grants. 
As I said earlier, I was not able to 
support the prior version of the bill, but I am proud to support this version. I urge my colleagues to do the same. This version corrects the misguided overreliance on shortterm overseas contingency operations funding to evade the Budget Control Act caps at the expense of our domestic programs. 
The bill still contains unwelcome restrictions, in my view, on the closure of our facility at Guantanamo Bay, but it modifies them to mirror the provisions, which passed in the National Defense Authorization Act and which the President recently signed into law. To the extent there are any intelligence funds which could be used to close the prison, these IAA provisions would subject them to the same restrictions as govern the spending of defense funds in the NDAA. 
I remain strongly opposed to any restrictions on closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay. As these provisions reflect what is currently in law, I support the larger bill. Especially with what happened in Paris, we need to act now to fund and enable our intelligence agencies. 
Once again, I want to thank Chairman NUNES , Chairman B URR, and Vice 
wonderful and hardworking staff of the HPSCI and the SSCI. I also want to thank the administration for their good work. 
to be appropriated by the Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for federal 
employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
of appropriations by the Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity that is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or laws of the United States. 
Section 303. Provision of information and assistance to Inspector General of the Intelligence Community 
to seek information and assistance from federal, state, and local agencies or units thereof. 
Intelligence Community in Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reflect the correct name of the Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community. The section also clarifies that the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community is a member of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency. 
Section 305. Clarification of authority of Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board 
Section 305 amends the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (IRTPA) to clarify that nothing in the statute authorizing the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board should be construed to allow that Board to gain access to information regarding an activity covered by section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947. 
Intelligence (DNI) to develop and implement a plan for eliminating the backlog of overdue periodic investigations, and further requires the DNI to direct each agency to implement a program to provide enhanced security review to individuals determined eligible for access to classified information or eligible to hold a sensitive position. 
These enhanced personnel security programs will integrate information relevant and appropriate for determining an individual’s suitability for access to classified information; be conducted at least 2 times every 5 years; and commence not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act, or the elimination of the backlog of overdue periodic investigations, whichever occurs first. 
Section 307 requires the Director of National Intelligence to notify the congressional intelligence committees in writing not later than 15 days after learning that an electronic communication service provider that generates call detail records in the ordinary course of business has changed its policy on the retention of such call details records to result in a retention period of less than 18 months. Section 307 further requires the Director to submit to the congressional intelligence committees within 30 days of enactment a report identifying each electronic communication service provider (if any) that has a current policy in place to retain call detail records for 18 months or less. 
Section 308 requires the Director of National Intelligence to establish a policy to ensure timely notification to the congressional intelligence committees of the identities of individuals occupying senior level positions within the Intelligence Community. 
Section 309. Designation of lead intelligence officer for tunnels 
Section 309 requires the Director of National Intelligence to designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intelligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by State and nonState actors. 
Section 310 requires the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to establish a formal reporting process for tracking requests 
for country clearance submitted to overseas DNI representatives. Section 310 also requires the DNI to brief the congressional intelligence committees on its progress. 
Section 312. Strategy for comprehensive interagency review of the United States national security overhead satellite architecture 
Section 312 requires the Director of National Intelligence, in collaboration with the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a strategy, with milestones and benchmarks, to ensure that there is a comprehensive interagency review of policies and practices for planning and acquiring national security satellite systems and architectures, including the capabilities of commercial systems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010. Where applicable, this strategy shall account for the unique missions and authorities vested in the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. 
Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Defense, to carry out a study to determine the appropriate standards to measure the damage of cyber incidents. 
appointment and Senate confirmation, the executive branch position of National Counterintelligence Executive (NCIX), which was created by the 2002 Counterintelligence Enhancement Act. Effective December 2014, the NCIX was also dualhatted as the Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. 
expressly exclude the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) from the provisions of chapter 51 of title 5, relating to position classification, pay, and allowances for General Schedule employees, which does not apply to ODNI by virtue of the National Security Act. This proposal would have no substantive effect. 
The ODNI’s Analytic Integrity and Standards (AIS) office was established in response to the requirement in IRTPA for the designation of an entity responsible for ensuring that the Intelligence Community’s finished intelligence products are timely, objective, independent of political considerations, based upon all sources of available intelligence, and demonstrative of the standards of proper analytic tradecraft. 
under IRTPA, Section 403 requires the AIS Chief to conduct a review of finished intelligence products produced by the CIA to assess whether the reorganization of the Agency, announced publicly on March 6, 2015, has resulted in any loss of analytic objectivity. The report is due two years from the date that the reorganization was announced, March 6, 2017. 
Section 411 amends Section 17 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 to consolidate the Inspector General’s personnel authorities and to provide the Inspector General with the same authorities as other Inspector Generals to request assistance and information from federal, state, and local agencies or units thereof. 
congressional intelligence committees before transferring funds from the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund or the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund that are to be used for intelligence activities. 
Section 501 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit written notice to the appropriate congressional committees if the Intelligence Community receives intelligence that the Russian Federation has deployed, or is about to deploy, the ClubK container missile system through the Russian military, or transferred or sold, or intends to 
transfer or sell, such system to another state or nonstate actor. 
Section 502 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment to the appropriate congressional committees concerning the funding of political parties and nongovernmental organizations in the former Soviet States and Europe by the Russian Security Services since January 1, 2006, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation 
Section 503 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment concerning the use of political assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea 
Section 511 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit to the appropriate congressional committees an Intelligence Community assessment on Intelligence Community resourcing and collection posture with regard to the South China 
Sea and East China Sea, not later than 180 
days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
Section 512. Use of locally employed staff serving at a United States diplomatic facility in Cuba 
not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to ensure that every supervisory position at a United States diplomatic facility in Cuba is occupied by a citizen of the United States who has passed a thorough background check. Further, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the provision requires the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate government agencies, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to further reduce the reliance on locally employed staff in United States diplomatic facilities in Cuba. The plan shall, at a minimum, include cost estimates, timelines, and numbers of employees to be replaced. 
Section 513. Inclusion of sensitive compartmented information facilities in United States diplomatic facilities in Cuba 
States diplomatic facility in Cuba that is constructed, or undergoes a construction upgrade, be constructed to include a sensitive compartmented information facility. 
Section 514. Report on use by Iran of funds 
Section 514 requires the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the monetary value of any direct or indirect form of sanctions relief Iran has received since the Joint Plan of Action (JPOA) entered into effect, and how Iran has used funds made available through such sanctions relief. This report shall be submitted every 180 days while the JPOA is in effect, and not later than 1 year after an agreement relating to Iran’s nuclear program takes effect, and annually thereafter while that agreement remains in effect. 
transfer or release of individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States 
Section 601 states that no amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or release individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions. 
Section 602. Prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 602 states that no amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to construct or modify facilities in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house detainees transferred from Guantanamo Bay. 
transfer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 603 states that no amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or release an individual detained at Guantanamo Bay to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: Libya, Somalia, Syria, or Yemen. 
Section 702 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report every 60 days for the three years following the enactment of this Act to the congressional intelligence committees on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and Iraq. Section 702 requires information on the total number of foreign fighters who have traveled to Syria or Iraq, the total number of United States persons who have traveled or attempted to travel to Syria or Iraq, the total number of foreign fighters in Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, the total number of foreign fighters who have been processed with biometrics, any programmatic updates to the foreign fighter report, and a worldwide graphic that describes foreign fighter flows to and from Syria. 
Section 703. Report on strategy, efforts, and resources to detect, deter, and degrade Islamic State revenue mechanisms 
Section 703 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intelligence community that are necessary to detect, deter, and degrade the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
Section 704. Report on United States counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State, alQa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents 
Section 704 requires the President to submit to the appropriated congressional committees a comprehensive report on the counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
Section 705. Report on effects of data breach of 
Section 705 requires the President to transmit to the congressional intelligence communities a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management. Section 705 requires information on the impact of the breach on intelligence community operations abroad, in addition to an assessment of how foreign persons, groups, or countries may use data collected by the breach and what Federal Government agencies use best practices to protect sensitive data. 
Section 706 requires the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. Section 706 requires information on the number of graduates hired by each element of the intelligence community, the recruitment process for each element of the intelligence community, and DNI recommendations to improve the hiring process. 
Section 707 requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report of covered business concerns—including minorityowned, womenowned, small disadvantaged, serviceenabled veteranowned, and 
veteranowned small businesses—among contractors that are awarded contracts by the intelligence community for goods, equipment, tools and services. 
funds in conjunction with Department of Energy national laboratories 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that the Department of Energy’s national laboratories may seek access to homeland security grant funds. 
Section 712. Inclusion of certain minorityserving institutions in grant program to enhance recruiting of intelligence community workforce 
Act of 1947 to include certain minorityserving institutions in the intelligence officer training programs established under Section 1024 of the Act. 
our intelligence agencies and professionals are on the front lines of keeping us, our allies, and our partners safe. We also have to ensure that no matter how dangerous the world becomes, the United States adheres to its values. What is done to protect America cannot undermine America, and this legislation ensures consistent and rigorous oversight. 
To the men and women of our intelligence community, you continue to have my sincerest gratitude and respect for all that you do and my full appreciation of your dedication, your patriotism, and your unparalleled skills. 
by passing this bill, and then we must turn to completing work on cyber legislation and to beginning the urgent task of preparing for the fiscal year 2017 authorization bill. 
again for your leadership, your bipartisanship, and your determination to do what is right. 
To all the Members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I thank you for your good work as well. 
Finally, thank you to our very superb professional staff. You do a great job each and every day, and often for very, very long hours. 
close, I want to reiterate that the bill is the most effective way for Congress to carry out oversight of intelligence activities. This bill forces the executive branch to remain responsive to congressional direction and priorities. 
Paris show, our enemies are rapidly improving their ability to launch deadly strikes against the United States and our allies. Given these elevated threat levels, it is crucial that our intelligence professionals receive the resources they need to keep Americans 
safe. This bill will authorize those resources while ensuring full congressional oversight of the intelligence community. I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill. 
again thank Mr. SCHIFF for his congeniality and all of his staff’s work and our staff’s work on our side. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee and Ranking member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in support of H.R. 4127, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016,’’ for several reasons. 
With bipartisan legislative changes negotiated and incorporated, H.R. 4127, is an improved and acceptable bill that will provide critical funding for our nation’s 16 intelligence agencies. 
corrects many of the provisions that were objectionable by providing a more balanced and realistic budget for our Intelligence Community. 
makes cuts to less effective programs, adds money to underfunded ones, and requires intelligence agencies to keep Congress abreast 
of their activities to ensure responsible and lawful spending practices. 
will: provide critical resources for the fight against ISIL; emphasize collection to monitor and ensure compliance with the Iranian nuclear agreement; provide the necessary means to counter threats from nationstate actors, particularly in cyberspace, space and the undersea environment, and furthermore helps to shore up our counterproliferation and counterintelligence capabilities; support our overhead architecture through the funding of critical space programs, invests in space protection and resiliency, preserves investments in cuttingedge technologies, and enhances the oversight of contracting and procurement practices; promotes foreign partner capabilities; and enhance human intelligence capabilities and oversight throughout CIA’s reorganization process. 
above last year’s enacted budget level, and only 1% less than President Obama’s budget request. 
the overreliance on shortterm Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding to evade Budget Control Act caps, which proved problematic in the earlier version. 
I applaud my colleagues for working together to reach agreement on a fair and balanced budget framework that does not harm our economy or require draconian cuts. 
to the extent intelligence funds might be used in an effort to shutter the Guantanamo facility, the Guantanamorelated language in the current version will merely subject those funds to restrictions identical to those imposed by the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, recently passed and signed into law by the President. 
curtails the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board’s (PCLOB) ability to access information regarding covert action, it does not alter the PCLOB’s broader jurisdiction or mission to provide independent oversight and to ensure that the U.S. appropriately protects privacy and civil liberties in its counter terrorism programs. 
of H.R. 4127 has been reworded to emphasize that such actions are subject to presidential approval and reporting to Congress pursuant to existing law. 
must be respected to preserve our way of life and the values that countless generations have fought to preserve. 
to ensure that lives are safe from eminent danger and terrorist threats both domestically and abroad. 
On balance, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4127 contains more salutary than objectionable provisions, and for that reason I support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
646, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 243, noes 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that proceedings by which the motion to reconsider was laid upon the table and by which the motion that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4127) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, was adopted be vacated to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Proceedings whereby the motion to reconsider was laid on the table and by which the House adopted the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4127 are vacated, and the Chair will put the question de novo. 
The question is, Will the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4127? 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN RECOGNITION OF THE AFTERMATH OF TERRIBLE ACTS OF VIOLENCE IN COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO 
today with sadness in the aftermath of a terrible act of violence that took the lives of three innocent victims and injured nine others in my hometown of Colorado Springs, Colorado, last Friday. 
Among those lives that were tragically lost was Iraq war veteran and father of two, Ke’Arre Stewart; wife and mother of two, Jennifer Markovsky; and University of ColoradoColorado Springs police officer, husband, father of two and the pastor at Hope Chapel, Garrett Swasey, who bravely rushed to the scene to help save others. Officer Swasey immediately left his own jurisdiction and rushed to the scene when he got word that an officer was down. 
These three innocent individuals and their families, friends, and loved ones were the victims of senseless violence. 
thanks to the brave first responders and law enforcement officers who responded on that day. Their heroism prevented a bad situation from being so much worse. 
for their outpouring of support and prayers for Colorado Springs. We are a resilient and supportive community that will come together and will pull through this tragedy. 
stand with me and my colleagues from the Colorado delegation and with the community of Colorado Springs for a moment of silence and to reflect upon the lives that were lost and to pray for their families and loved ones. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1170) to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 422, nays 1, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 539, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 539, the joint resolution is considered read. 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64510 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S.J. Res. 23. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
disapproval under the Congressional Review Act for the two EPA rules regulating greenhouse gas emissions from new and existing electric generating units. 
that we are debating these resolutions today. As we know, the President and other leaders are meeting in France as we speak. They are speaking in generalities; they are not being detailed in their plans. Yet, in America, we are becoming aware more each day of exactly the impact the EPA’s regulations are having on the American people. 
not a part of any of this. The White House did not talk to us about any of this. The clean energy plan comes from the White House and is being implemented by the EPA. 
Mr. MULLIN. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage Members to support these resolutions. 
President signed into law an important tool for ensuring our three branches of government stay true to the vision of our Founding Fathers that was set over 200 years ago. Today, we are here to use 
this tool to rein in a President who has 
forgotten that the legislative branch makes the laws and that the executive branch enforces them. 
from new and existing power plants are a clear executive overreach. In issuing these rules, the EPA has acted outside the authority it was granted by Congress in the Clean Air Act. 
been the responsibility of States, but with these rules the President is threatening communities, businesses, and families by attempting to put the Federal Government in charge. These rules are unworkable, and they put the reliability of our electric grid at risk. 
I ask my colleagues to seriously consider the consequences of allowing such clear executive overreach to stand, and I urge them to support this resolution of disapproval. 
I rise in strong opposition to this resolution, and I oppose the other resolution that we will also consider this afternoon. 
Once again, Republicans are attempting to stop any action by this administration to reduce carbon emissions, and, once again, the opponents of the EPA’s regulations have no constructive alternative to offer that would improve the environmental performance of the electricity sector. 
In fact, this week, the House of Representatives will not only consider these two unnecessary, illconceived resolutions, but it will also consider an energy bill that is dedicated to rolling back gains that have been made in energy efficiency, grid modernization, and renewable energy. 
of the world’s largest private sector companies are gathered in Paris this week. They are putting forward innovative ideas, and they are making commitments to forge a different energy path—one that will prevent us from further overheating the Earth and causing major disruptions to people’s lives, their property, and the global economy. 
harming us today through droughts, fires, floods, and storms, and we know that it will endanger our children’s future if we don’t act now. 
Some of the opposition to these resolutions is based on the assertion that they will not solve the world’s carbon emissions problems or ensure that we will avoid increased warming and catastrophic climate change, but that is not true. Reducing carbon pollution from the power sector through the implementation of performance standards for new power plants and improving the overall environmental performance of our grid will reduce carbon emissions here in the United States. 
By making a commitment to this effort and demonstrating that reducing pollution is consistent with maintaining a reliable, resilient electricity supply, the United States exercises its 
leadership, giving assurance to other nations to follow our example. 
will block the EPA and this administration from taking prudent steps to reduce carbon pollution from one of the highest emitting sectors, the power sector. 
Review Act stipulates that the passage of a resolution to block a final rule also bars the Agency from issuing any rules that are substantially similar. So these resolutions prevent any future administration from developing similar rules to control carbon emissions from power plants. 
is poised to make many of the changes that are contained within these EPA rules. These changes are being driven by a combination of factors, only one of which is Federal regulation. State policies, changes in the relative price of natural gas and coal, smart grid technologies, consumer demand, and the further expansion of wind and solar generation all are factors that are reshaping the grid and redefining relationships within the electricity sector. 
forces, we should be helping States, local governments, consumers, grid operators, utilities, and displaced workers to make this transition easier. 
air quality through the Clean Air Act regulations has met the same tired, old arguments from the GOP—that it will cost too much, that it will jeopardize the reliability of our electricity system, that we don’t have the technology to meet these new standards. Every time these dire predictions by my Republican colleagues are put forward, they have failed to materialize. 
on climate change, Mr. Speaker, for too long. The EPA’s rules to set greenhouse gas emissions standards for new and reconstructed generating units is an essential first step toward a more sustainable energy future. This rule sends a strong signal to the market in favor of technologies that provide improved environmental performance. 
one that will be mentioned later today—should move forward, and this joint resolution should be defeated. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
protect the American people. The American people do not expect unelected bureaucrats, acting at the discretion and the direction of the President of the United States, to unilaterally adopt regulations that are questionably illegal. 
We have 23 States that are filing lawsuits on the new coal plant rules, and we have 27 States that have already filed lawsuits on the existing electric generating rules. I might add that, in 
the last 5 years, this administration has spent a total of $77 billion on climate change. 
action. This administration has been so extreme, so aggressive—and view this as the number one priority facing mankind—that we don’t have enough money to act. Also, there are 61 separate Federal programs under the Obama administration that address climate change. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, back in October I had the opportunity to attend the Indiana Industrial Energy Consumers annual conference in Indianapolis. There I heard from stakeholders across the energy supply chain about the serious economic and reliability issues emanating from the EPA Clean Power Plan. 
Electricity Consumers Resource Council presented findings showing that Indiana alone stands to lose 12,500 jobs because of these rules. This comes on top of the previous Obama administration regulations that have severely restricted my State’s economic competitiveness and has dramatically increased electricity bills for Hoosiers. 
gone from the fifth lowest in the Nation in 2003 to the twentysixth lowest in 2014. When these rules take effect, electricity rates in my State will continue to climb to the tune of up to 20 percent each year. 
who drive more than 30 percent of our economy, will be forced to shutter assembly lines and lay off employees simply to pay their utility bills. 
very real consequences of this, even if the EPA and the Obama administration are not thinking about this. The EPA Clean Power Plan means lost jobs, lost economic growth, and higher utility costs for both individuals and businesses. 
of the bills before us, which put an end to the executive overreach, protect the American ratepayer, and allow us to truly pursue an alloftheabove energy strategy that will transform our economy and lay that strong foundation for our energy future. 
Speaker, this week something historic is happening. Leaders from 195 countries are meeting in Paris to discuss a global solution to a global problem: climate change. 
There is no denying it anymore. Climate change is real. Human activity is contributing to it. Without action, the results will be catastrophic. 
gather in agreement and concern, what are the House Republicans doing? They are rejecting science and reversing what progress we have made. 
These disapproval resolutions effectively gut EPA’s Clean Power Plan and carbon pollution standards for power plants. By attacking the EPA, Republicans are opening the smokestacks to release more of the dangerous emissions we know contribute to global warming. This is reckless. 
the warnings of the scientific community by reversing progress, they also block the EPA from issuing any standards in the future that are substantially similar. Republicans must accept that our country is evolving. 
In fact, many States are already running on an increasing amount of renewable energy, reducing energy waste, and decreasing carbon pollution. My own State of California has set a goal of 50 percent renewable energy by 2030, and others are developing their own plans to meet pollution reduction targets. 
Each new goal towards a cleaner environment only encourages the investments and innovations that will help get us there. That is a benefit to our economy and our world, which is why twothirds of Americans support a climate change pact. 
It is time we listen to our constituents, to the vast majority of scientists and experts, and to the tens of thousands of world leaders, experts, and advocates who are seeking a path toward a sustainable future for our children and grandchildren. 
I might say that no one on our side of 
the aisle has denied climate change. I think we still live in a country where we all can express our views and we simply disagree with the President on the urgency of the issue. The President has even told the world that climate change is a more pressing issue to mankind than terrorism. 
When we talk to people in the developing world, when we talk to people in Europe and around the globe, representatives come here and they stress to us that they are more concerned about clean water, a job, electricity, health, hygiene, issues like that, than they are about climate change. 
only about 5 percent of the American people view climate change as one of the most pressing issues facing mankind. So that is why we have over 180 separate groups around the country that support these joint resolutions to turn back what President Obama is doing in an extreme and unprecedented way. 
I would also just like to read that the 
Partnership for a Better Energy Future, which is a 181member coalition, including national as well as State and 
local organizations in 36 States, writes of EPA’s rule for new plants, which is precisely what we are discussing today: The EPA set a regulation so strict that the only technology that meets the requirement for a coalfired power plant, carbon capture and sequestration is not commercially available. 
meet the stringent emissions standard set by EPA. Yet, China, India, and every other country in the world can build a new coal plant if they decide to do so. 
built, but we are recognizing the increased need for electricity in America and that it must be affordable and it must be abundant. For us to compete in the global marketplace, we simply want that option, and that is what this is about. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 23, which disapproves of the EPA’s carbon standard rules for power plants. 
Our country is blessed with an abundance of energy sources. Reliable, affordable, and secured energy is critical to our national security, and a diverse energy portfolio adds to our strength. 
us to tap into sustainable sources of energy, we lack the infrastructure to use that energy nationwide. Clean coal, natural gas, and nuclear produce the bulk of America’s energy for a reason. They are affordable, reliable, and the most available. 
The carbon capture and storage technologies mandated by this rule are not commercially viable. Make no mistake. The EPA is seeking to ban the construction of any new fossil fuel power plants and severely limit the production of the others. With its companion rule on greenhouse gases, the EPA will simultaneously force the closure of many existing power plants. 
are affordable and available from coast to coast, we must ensure that Americans can continue to affordably light and heat their homes. Under this rule, we will be unable to achieve this. 
I urge my colleagues to protect families and the economy by supporting this bill. 
I just have to say, I listened to my 
colleague from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ), who I respect a great deal. I 
think he is suggesting that somehow the Republicans on our committee or maybe the leadership in the House do want to address climate change. 
committee to bring up the issue of climate change, nothing has happened. We haven’t had a hearing. We haven’t had a bill. We haven’t had any initiative since I have been on the committee, let alone served as the ranking member, in the last year—any initiative—that would address the issue of 
So when my colleague from Kentucky says, ‘‘Well, we are not denying that this exists. We just don’t think it is a priority,’’ well, it is not only not a priority. It is not something we have addressed at all in any way anytime the Democrats or myself have tried to raise this issue. 
To suggest that it shouldn’t be a priority—and maybe that is not what he is saying, but it sounded that way— well, I come from a district where we had Hurricane Sandy that devastated our district. We have droughts in California—we were just discussing it with my California colleagues who will be speaking soon—and all kinds of weather extremes that are causing all kinds of problems—loss of jobs, destruction around the country that has to be made up for later by FEMA and other Federal agencies that come in and spend billions of dollars to try to correct these problems. To suggest that this is not a priority I think is wrong. To suggest that somehow maybe the Republicans are dealing with it is simply not the case. 
like the President’s power plan, but at least he is trying to do something. I don’t see the GOP addressing this at all. 
Republican majority denying the urgency and severity of carbon pollution. At a time when the entire world is meeting in Paris to address carbon pollution, you now have the Republican majority doing exactly the opposite. 
Now, America is an exceptional country, the best in the world. One reason we got here is because we believe in science. We believe in facts. 
So if 9 out of 10 doctors said that 
your child is showing the symptoms of diabetes, would you ignore that and keep feeding your child doughnuts? No. You would go seek treatment. 
So listen to 9 out of 10 scientists that 
are saying carbon pollution is real and it is going to kill us as a species if we don’t do anything about it. 
scientists, listen to some of the most conservative companies and organizations in America. Listen to ExxonMobil today. They say carbon pollution is real, it is being caused by humankind, and they support putting a price on carbon emissions. 
in Active Duty, and I am still in the Reserves. I am very proud of our military. They take the world as it is, not as they think it should be, not as they hope it will be, but as it is. They rely on facts and science. 
going to flood our bases, it is going to 
cause more extreme weather events, and it is going to make it much worse for humanity if we don’t do something about it. 
going to lead and the history books are going to say we led the way in saving humanity and dealing with carbon pollution or there will be no history books. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ). 
Speaker, I wish President Obama took the threat of radical Islamic jihadists as seriously as he takes the pseudo science behind the manmade climate change threat. 
and they affect the amount of money in the pockets of moms and dads all across this great country. Now, transportation fuel costs are down for moms and dads, but the power to heat and cool their homes, the power to run the engines of the economy—the cost of that power has gone up because of the 
EPA regulations and rule writing that we have seen. 
What does that mean? Well, wholesale electricity prices in South Carolina will spike as high as 13.9 percent. Households will pay as much as $84.19 more a year. Industrial customers will pay as much as $40,200 more a year just in South Carolina. It will cause 11,700 manufacturing jobs to be impacted. 
with core operations in West Virginia have filed for bankruptcy protection. But you know what? The TPP trade deal will allow West Virginia coal and Wyoming coal to be shipped to China to be burned. Now, where is the hypocrisy in that? 
Let me tell you this: We rely on 24/7, 
always on, baseload power to run the engines of our society to heat and cool our homes. We can’t do that with intermittent solar and wind. You can do that with nuclear, hydro, and fossil fuelfired power plants. 
baseload power. That means the incubators in the hospitals are there to provide the incubation for the preemie children. That means that you can keep food from spoiling. That means you can heat your homes with some sort of source that doesn’t cause pollution inside your home like it does, say, in Latin America or Africa, where they are burning wood or coal. 
hydro, and through fossilfuelfired power plants to provide that 24/7 baseload power. You can’t do it with regulations that continue to kill the industry. You can’t do it with intermittent energy sources like wind and solar. These regulations and these rules, written because of those regulations, are killing job creation in this country. 
HULTGREN ). Without objection, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T ONKO ) 
will control the time on behalf of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). 
There was no objection. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). She serves as a 
member of the Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy. She is an outspoken voice for defending the environment and calling for our sound stewardship of the environment. 
unwavering opposition to these resolutions which deny the real effects of climate change and express opposition to our Nation’s effort to address it. 
embarrassing because they come at a time when the rest of the world is coming together in Paris to identify solutions to climate change. There is overwhelming consensus around the globe that climate change is one of the most critical issues facing our world, not just for the environment, but for human health and for our local economies. 
are emitting the greenhouse gasses that are contributing to this problem. Climate change is threatening public health, people’s livelihoods, and the very environment that we live in. 
course forward to protect our constituents and safeguard our planet for generations to come, we are instead sending a signal to the rest of the world of willful negligence and disregard. Instead of arguing about whether the climate is changing, which it is, or if we are responsible, which we are, it is high time that we work together to determine solutions. 
standards and the Clean Power Plan will not solve all of the problems associated with greenhouse gasses, but it is a necessary step in the right direction. In addition to enacting meaningful change to curb emissions from the power sector, which is the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in this country, these regulations also send a signal to people across America and across the world that we are working to address this broader issue. 
and existing power plants in the country signifies that we are serious about working toward a cleaner, healthier future. 
healthier environment for current and future generations, these regulations are important for both our public health and our business community alike. EPA’s carbon regulations will lead to billions of dollars of public health benefits, potentially averting thousands of premature deaths and tens of thousands of asthma attacks in children. 
the need to take action because they understand the longterm costs and benefits. Businesses understand the 
economic consequences of inaction, that they are severe, and that we need to prepare for climate change today. They know the regulations are projected to create over 300,000 new clean energy jobs. 
my congressional district, we have seen firsthand how important the jobs associated with the clean energy technologies are. Renewable energy projects in my district have created hundreds of new jobs, and provide enough energy for over 100,000 homes. 
and voting on resolutions of disapproval that deny these facts and show again the willingness of the majority to bury its head in the sand when faced with the need for action on climate change. 
Just a few months ago, we all sat in 
this Chamber together as the Pope spoke of our world’s most pressing challenges. In that speech, he reminded us that it is our moral obligation to respond to climate change. I couldn’t agree more. We must band together to enact meaningful and lasting change for our people and our planet. I urge my colleagues to oppose these resolutions. 
a debate in this body is that we all get to express our different views, and the world benefits when different views can be expressed. 
these resolutions to the House floor today is because of the climate change conference in France going on today. We want the world to know that there is disagreement with the President on this issue, not about the fact that the climate is changing, but about the priority that is being placed on it. 
America and put us in jeopardy compared to other countries of the world and require us to do more than other countries of the world are doing just so that he can go to France and claim to be the world leader on climate change? 
emissions in America will remain below 2005 levels through 2040. Our CO2 
emissions today are roughly the same as they were 20 years ago. America does not have to take a backseat to anyone on addressing climate change. That is the point that we want the world to understand. We are doing a lot. We would like to help other countries do more, but why should we be penalized? 
heard the facts from the gentleman from Kentucky just now. What we are dealing with here on the other side is an ideology. 
resolutions that work to keep electricity affordable and reliable for Americans. S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24 are a response to harmful regulations established by the EPA under the President’s Clean Power Plan. The EPA’s regulations implement the first ever caps on carbon emissions, which will result in higher energy costs for American families, businesses, and consumers. Some experts have said that the Clean Power Plan could be the most expensive regulation ever imposed on Americans. 
from legacydriven agendas that trample the rights of our citizens, hurt our economy, and hinder job growth. These two resolutions work to provide protection for existing and future American power plants and safeguard Americans from higher energy costs. 
legislation. As the people’s House, it is imperative that we vote to protect Americans from these destructive regulations. 
EPA’s power grab. That is why I strongly support these two pieces of legislation. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
our colleague from Kentucky. However, when he talks about being in disagreement with the President of the United States, I should point out also that he is in disagreement with 97 percent of the scientist community that professes that we need to do something tremendously strong in response to climate change. 
arena, putting ourselves at a competitive disadvantage, one of the responsibilities that befalls the leading nation like the United States is that, in fact, we must be that inspiration that inspires the international community. We have been able to bring some 150 countries to the fold to speak to their efforts of climate change, and we have inspired efforts from major nations like that of China, Brazil, and Mexico so as to begin that process. 
When I met in my office with representatives from the EU—I think there were 13 nations represented— they all wanted to know where the giant was on this issue. The world is looking to the United States for its leadership, and that is a role that we should not take lightly, and it is one that we should move forward with in bold fashion. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), who has been 
an outstanding voice on the Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy. 
to oppose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. 
change reminds me of the 50plus votes we have taken to try to eliminate the Affordable Care Act. As a global leader, we must reduce 
carbon emissions. To simply ignore our responsibility is misguided and will harm generations to come. We can’t solve climate change by ourselves, but we must lead and be part of a larger effort. 
I know that fossil fuels—and in particular, liquid fuels—will be needed in the years ahead, but we can still move toward a more efficient and sustainable energy system. 
plants in my region shut down, shift to biomass, and become very successful while also benefiting the climate. I would also note that California is again leading the world in efforts to promote cleaner energy with a 50 percent renewable energy goal by 2050. 
I represent part of the Central Valley, which has some of the worst air quality in the Nation. While this comes from a variety of sources, it impacts everyone. In an area that is already hurt economically, dirty air affects school and workdays and disproportionately hurts children and other adults. This makes me more determined than ever to develop green energy. 
or all House Republicans deny the obvious: climate change is taking place as a result of human activity. I expect that many of my Republican colleagues know and believe that climate change is real and is a longterm threat, and yet we are voting on these two resolutions today. 
the Clean Power Plan is administrative overreach and that it was never authorized by Congress. But this is exactly what the Clean Air Act does. The Supreme Court has ruled that carbon emissions can be regulated by the Clean Air Act. 
future, reject efforts that increase pollution, and oppose this measure. 
inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 14
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his leadership on this important issue. 
hits the American people with more regulations that hurt families, but very few will hurt these families more than President Obama’s socalled Clean Power Plan because, according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency, the average electricity cost for a Texas household each year is $1,800, which is already 26 percent higher than the national average. To put this in perspective, almost half of all Texans spend more than 15 percent of their annual household budget on energy costs 
To stand up for middleincome families, we have an obligation to fight for policies that will keep energy costs down. Unfortunately, the administration’s new regulations do exactly the opposite, which is why I introduced resolutions to combat these regulations immediately after they were announced and garnered the support of cosponsors from 15 different States. Americans across every corner of this country are impacted by this administration’s overregulatory zeal, and we have got to do everything we can to stop it. 
will shut down vital power plants across the country, costing thousands of hardworking Americans their jobs, and in the process driving up electricity costs for every American. To that point, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas anticipates that these regulations will increase retail power prices in Texas by up to 16 percent; and when family budgets are already stretched so thin, they simply can’t afford this increase. In developing these regulations, the Obama administration once again has ignored everyday Americans and instead doubled down on its extreme ideological agenda. 
itself admits that these regulations come at a cost of anywhere between $5.1 billion and $8.4 billion in year 2030 alone. 
What are the benefits of these regulations, you may ask? In exchange for crushing American families, losing American jobs at a cost of billions and billions of dollars, what profound effect will these regulations have on our environment? 
that these regulations would only reduce the global temperature by one onehundredth of a degree Fahrenheit and reduce sea levels by a mere two tenths of 1 millimeter. Mr. Speaker, we simply can’t let the Obama administration force Americans to sacrifice so much when even the most optimistic of calculations predict that the return would be negligible at best. 
pieces of legislation which are so critical to stopping these regulations dead in their tracks. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the impact the President has on this issue and that it is a oneperson force driving this country in a given direction, but a memo has been brought to my attention from Cassandra Carmichael, Executive Director of the National Religious Partnership for the Environment, and the faithbased community, which incorporates several faiths, who have written very strongly about their belief that we need to move forward with climate change action. 
foresight and leadership reflected in these two resolutions. They make it abundantly clear that their communities are on the front lines of issues like health care, disaster relief, refugee resettlement, and development work. These are all issues that are somewhat connected in the external measurements of the fight on climate change. 
that the Clean Power Plan is a solution that they have been advocating for over the course of many years, and that they believe that we can do this by assignment to the individual States, not imposing heavy economic pressure on some of our poorest neighborhoods, and that there is a way to be sound stewards of the environment and at the same time grow our economy. 
statement that should motivate all of us to think twice about our actions here, that we should move forward in a progressive fashion. They indicate God’s creation is sacred and that we are called on to be responsible stewards of the gifts of creation while protecting our vulnerable neighbors. It doesn’t get stronger than that. 
So with that, I just think it needs to 
be brought into the discussion that it is not a oneperson operation, a one person show that is drawing us down this certain route of response to climate change but, rather, a large universe of support there that speaks to the wisdom of sound stewardship. 
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON), who is a passionate voice on behalf of the environment and economic recovery. 
S.J. Res. 23 and 24, which constitute the latest salvo by my friends on the other side of the aisle attacking our Nation’s commitment to cut carbon pollution and slow climate change. 
really don’t care whether or not mankind’s actions contribute to climate change. Some of us really don’t care. 
that 95 percent of scientists recognize that it is man’s activities that are contributing to the astronomical rate of climate change that is occurring that has the potential to render our planet uninhabitable by human beings. You can laugh, you can smile, you can joke, but 95 percent of the scientists agree that if we continue along the same path that we are continuing along, it is the demise of humankind itself that is the end result. 
what we should be adapting to is the reality of the fact that we can change this. We can make things better for our children. That is why 195 progressive thinking leaders of 195 countries represented in Paris today—right now, as we speak—are working on this very profound issue that affects humankind. And what are we here in Congress 
doing? We are trying to scuttle the plans that have been made by this country to try to reduce carbon pollution. We are trying to scuttle it. We are using the argument that it is too costly to the big businesses that are already making billions. 
the cost to the big businesses, they are going to transfer those costs on down to you and me? Well, I think the health of our babies, the health of our elderly, and our own health is something that most Americans are willing to pay for. 
this Congress. We can’t allow ourselves to put our heads in the sand and let climate change just rape and pillage the world. 195 world leaders say that we can’t do that. That is what they are working on now, today, and we should be supporting that effort. 
wrong direction here in this particular body by trying to kill it. I don’t know whether or not that is because President Obama represents this country. He has been the most mistreated President during my lifetime, certainly. I don’t know whether or not it is the hatred for him that causes people to deny science. But whatever it is, let’s get off of it. Let’s do the right thing, and let’s oppose these two resolutions. 
every Member of this body, and certainly those on the Energy and Power Subcommittee and the Energy and Commerce Committee, but I think it is important that we be able to have the debate. And that is what we are doing: showing how we disagree with the President’s policies and his solutions. 
rise in support of the two disapproval resolutions that the House will consider today. 
still full from Thanksgiving and now we are thinking about what we are going to buy our loved ones and family for Christmas. Let me tell you what families in Texas do not want for Christmas, and that is higher energy bills. But that is what we are going to 
get if EPA’s proposed rules for new and existing power plants go into effect. 
living paycheck to paycheck. They are looking for ways to put a little extra aside so they can have a nice Christmas. But the EPA’s rule for power plants will do more than just raise their electricity rates. Higher rates increase the cost of many other products and services that families need to buy. 
families struggling to pay bills or still looking for goodpaying jobs simply can’t afford for their cost of living to go up. Folks in my district have had enough of this kind of executive overreach by the White House. They have had enough of the excessive red tape that just seems to keep on coming from Federal bureaucracies like the EPA. They know it destroys jobs and economic growth; and in this case, it also puts our national security at risk. This new red tape by the EPA will 
hamper American energy security, and American energy security is a critical component of American national security. 
The EPA’s plan is an unnecessary attempt to eliminate reliable and affordable energy. Let’s help make sure our families, our veterans, and our senior citizens don’t face higher energy bills. I encourage my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 23 and 24. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
policies, I believe that the many, many hearings on the many issues, in a way, provide for a doable, workable plan. But opposition to a policy or just saying ‘‘no’’ isn’t public policy. It isn’t a strong response. It isn’t a substantive response. To just disagree with what is being offered here without having viable solutions, without addressing carbon emissions, without speaking to the nuances of greening up our power supplies and growing energy independence, 
we are failing to respond in an effective manner. 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ), a very strong voice and progressive voice for the environment, who is strong in her beliefs about climate change. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the misguided resolutions before the House that seek to block the Clean Power Plan and undermine United States global leadership on climate change. 
Climate change is no longer an academic question for scientists to ponder. It is a very real crisis that, if left untouched, will cause irreparable harm to current and future generations. 
Should the resolutions we are considering today become law, our country would be prevented from taking necessary steps to safeguard our future. 
sets individual goals for each State in order to meet this national standard. It is a reasonable, commonsense approach that gives States the flexibility to reduce carbon pollution with strategies that work best in their State while bolstering clean energy investments and economic development. 
Plan not only ignore overwhelming scientific consensus—we only have to turn on the radio today to hear it time after time, moment after moment—but they ignore the global consensus that we must take action to address climate change. 
countries are gathered in Paris to outline longterm strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and stave off the worst impacts of climate change. While at the summit, President Obama personally met with other heads of state, including the leaders of China and India, to reaffirm their commitment to reducing carbon emissions. 
lead by example. We must embrace modern policies that cut emissions, increase the use of renewable energy, reduce our dependence on foreign oil, and encourage the development of innovative green technologies. If we are successful, the economic, security, and environmental benefits to our Nation will be widespread, longlasting, and significant. 
harmful resolutions. The cost of inaction on the critical generational challenge is simply unacceptable and the price of delay too high. 
once again. As I said, we have been very successful in America under the Clean Air Act. Our CO2emissions are 
as low as they were 20 years ago, and they are projected to be below 2005 levels through 2040. We are making great progress. 
America to being a country that cannot build a new coalpowered plant? We are not saying you should build one, but the President said he is for an all oftheabove energy policy; yet he is prohibiting, through regulation, the building of a new coalpowered plant because the technology is not available to meet the emissions standards. 
agree to not build a coal plant, do you? They are providing money for Pakistan to build coal plants. They are providing money for India to build coal plants. And even in Europe, with the natural gas prices from Russia so high, they are building new coal plants as they close down some gas plants. 
So that is the kind of policy that we 
distinguished gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), who has been focused on this issue for his entire congressional career. 
the chairman for yielding the time and for his leadership. 
Congress, I was focused on the issue for nearly 10 years as a regulator of the energy industry in North Dakota. I served nearly 10 years on the North Dakota Public Service Commission, where I regulated not only the siting of coal plants, the reclamation of coal mines, but the cost of electricity to consumers. 
I have to address some of the comments made by the gentleman from Georgia. I am sure they were sincere. I am sure they were wellintentioned. 
lecture us that we are somehow motivated by hatred for the President of the United States is so beneath the dignity of this Chamber, and I am embarrassed for him. 
has the right to his opinion, and he is entitled to have it be different than mine. He perfectly has the right to be wrong even, if he wants to be. 
break the law because he couldn’t get a law changed when he had a Democratic House and a Democratic Senate. And that is what we are here to talk about, the violation of the law, as the chairman has pointed to earlier. 
merits of climate change or global warming. I want to deal with the solution. 
We have heard today that Republicans don’t have a solution. Well, let me tell you about my little rectangular spot in the middle of the North American continent, North Dakota, best known now, of course, for producing a whole bunch of oil. 
produced coal, 30 million tons a year, as a matter of fact. Seventynine percent of our electricity is generated by coal. We generate coalgenerated electricity for many States in our region. 
States that meet all ambient air quality standards as prescribed by the EPA. We have a grade A, perfect, year after year after year for our air by the American Lung Association. The counties that have the greatest concentration of coalfired power plants get an A grade. 
hundreds of millions of dollars over the years in clean coal technologies and scrubbers and everything that we can do to make our environment cleaner. 
We live there. We love it. No bureaucrat in Washington, D.C., is going to love the air that we breathe in North Dakota more than those of us who live in North Dakota. 
We also enjoy, like other coalproducing States, some of the lowest priced electricity in the country. I also would like to point out that, 
long before it was cool, we were siting wind farms. I sited over 1,000 megawatts of wind farms when I was on the Commission. Now there are nearly 2,000 megawatts of installed wind in North Dakota. 
don’t need to be lectured to by people who don’t know a thing about where we live, a thing about our economy. We will do the right thing because it is the right thing. We will do the right thing because it is good for our families. 
And, by the way, the rule that we are 
disapproving, the two rules we are disapproving, disproportionately hurt the poor and the middle income. Do you think it is the poor people that can afford to buy an Energy Star refrigerator at the end of the month? Is it the poor people that can afford to wrap their house in new insulation? Of course not. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
that we move forward with carbon emission reduction and the claims that we have dropped since 2005 levels—well, there was a drop in 2008 and 2009 because of the recession, a winddown of activity, of less use of electricity. But then, again, we had climbed in 2012 and 2013, the last measurements on record. 
So we need to be real about this effort. We know that if we do nothing we will see drops by 2040 of only 9 percent, when efforts here to make certain that we can reduce that carbon emission by 80 percent by 2050 are a strong contrast, and the goals here are laudable and noble. 
have it within our power to provide for issues that, with technology, enable us to respond to these goals. We need to do that. I think we need to set the standards in a way that pronounce our 
reject these resolutions. I think they set us back. It would nullify opportunities to policy standards that would require stronger response. 
provides for additional construction, additional pollution that would accompany that opportunity that would be dangerous to our environment. 
carbon pollution, so that this is a dangerous thing, and I think it is why the President has indicated that, should they come to his desk, he would veto these measures, and why we are having this debate today while we should be championing the cause in a bipartisan, bicameral way to show the world that we care significantly about carbon emission reduction and that we want to stand as a world leader. That is where we should place ourselves and posit ourselves in that noble dimension. 
TONKO , who does a great job on our 
and reiterate why we are here today. The Senate has already passed both of these resolutions by a vote of 52–46 of disapproval of the President’s clean energy plan and his regulation relating to new coalfired plants. 
We wanted this on the floor today because we want to send a message to the climate change conference in Paris that in America there is serious disagreement with the extreme policies of this President. 
one of the reasons why we are so upset with this particular resolution about the emission standards for new coal fired plants if one is going to be built. 
an emission standard, and they based that standard on four plants. And guess what? None of the three plants in America are even in operation. 
like it is not going to be built at all. The one in California, DOE has suspended funding for it. The one in Mississippi has already experienced a $4.2 billion cost overrun. And it is close to an oil field for enhanced oil recovery to make it work, but it is not in operation. 
which EPA set this emission standard, is a very small project in Canada that would not have been built without the Canadian Government funding. And it looks like it will never achieve a technical readiness level that would show it is available for commercial demonstration. 
drastic step based on emissions of plants that really are not even in operation. 
country where you cannot build a new coal plant because EPA has set an emission standard that commercially and technically is not feasible? 
here, just the policy, just the disagreement on the solution. I would urge our Members to support this resolution, and let’s send a message to the White House and to those conferees in Paris. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
world leaders are meeting in Paris to address the serious threat of climate change. Across the globe and here at home, there is broad recognition of the need to act decisively to curb the climate crisis that threatens our communities. And yet today we are considering legislation that would allow continued carbon pollution, jeopardizing public health and the environment. 
carbon pollution from new and existing power plants for the first time ever. It is a flexible, meaningful plan that will help states transition to clean energy sources and greater efficiency. It was developed with extensive stakeholder outreach. And it will create jobs, reduce the toxic pollution that is a leading contributor to climate change, and protect public health. 
stop this common sense plan and prohibit any similar measure. And Congressional Republicans are not offering any plan to replace it. They continue to deny the problem of climate change, even in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence and the damaging storms, increased flooding, and drought that are already impacting our communities. They are ignoring the warnings from our Department of Defense, who call climate change a threat multiplier throughout the world. 
opportunities in 21st century energy, and to protect our environment for future generations. The world is watching. We must reject these shameful, regressive resolutions and act to prevent climate change. 
be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 539, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 24) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 539, the joint resolution is considered read. 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall 
joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
New York (Mr. T ONKO ) each will control 30 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S.J. Res. 24. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
than EPA’s new source performance standard for power plant greenhouse gas emissions is the rule governing existing sources. And that is what S.J. Res. 24 is about, and the impact that this rule is going to have on every existing coal plant in America and the impact that it could have on the electricity rates and the impediments that it could establish for future economic growth in America. 
who is vice chair of the Energy and Power Subcommittee. 
my good friend from Kentucky for the time to speak on this important resolution. 
America when our administration harms our country without a valid reason, and yet that is exactly what President Obama’s EPA has done with their clean power rules. 
with only small, limited public meetings, EPA rammed through new rules to limit CO2. These rules destroy new 
is regulated by ERCOT, 90 percent. They say they lose 4,000 megawatts of power, at a minimum, with the early retirements of coal plants because of the Clean Power Plan. Energy costs for customers may be up by 60 percent by 2030 due to the CPP. 
the intent of the Clean Air Act, and that is why a majority of States have sued in Federal court to stop its implementation. 
EPA’s actions have Texans scratching their heads and saying, ‘‘What the heck?’’ Why is EPA’s CPP tougher on newer coal plants than older ones? 
Newer is always cleaner than upgraded, retrofitted older plants. What the heck? 
This is all done in the name of climate change. Climate change has happened since God created our Earth. Over 66 million years ago my home State of Texas was under water. Texas, as an ocean, is huge climate change unlikely due to human campfires set at that time. 
former Obama administration member, the under secretary for science at the Department of Education, Dr. Steven Koonin, wrote this in The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘The climate has always changed and always will.’’ 
yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. 
from Dr. Koonin: ‘‘There isn’t a useful consensus at the level of detail relevant to assess human influence on climate change.’’ 
Yet, here we are, fighting for American jobs and commonsense regulations while world leaders are in Paris making promises they can’t keep. Enough of the BandAids from EPA. 
vote for S.J. Res. 24 and S.J. Res. 23 and for American jobs. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
we are considering two resolutions today that are designed to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from moving forward with critical regulations to reduce carbon emissions from existing and new power plants. 
just aired in the House and now this resolution should be called exactly what they are, that being an attack on EPA’s Clean Air Act authority. These resolutions would block this administration or any future administration from taking meaningful action to curb carbon emissions from our power plants. 
than four decades’ worth of clean air regulation that shows that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protections do indeed go 
hand in hand. So let’s stop promoting this false notion that we cannot improve the air we breathe while simultaneously growing our economy and, yes, creating jobs. 
promote public health. The EPA estimates that the Clean Power Plan will reduce carbon pollution from the power sector by 32 percent—32 percent—below 2005 levels. There will also be significant reductions in sulfur dioxide and NOXemissions. 
victory. It will avoid thousands of premature deaths and an estimated 90,000 asthma attacks in children in 2030 alone. Mr. Speaker, I understand the concerns of the individuals, families, and communities that may have their jobs lost or displaced due to this energy transition. We share those concerns. 
dedicated their lives to providing us with reliable power deserve a lot more than a pink slip, but we do these people no favors by promising job security that the economy will no longer deliver. 
ways to ease the transition for States and communities that already are challenged by the many changes that are happening in the electric utility sector, we are spending time trying to turn back the clock. It cannot be done. 
but the transition that is occurring is driven by much more than EPA regulations. Natural gas—its abundance and low price—is outcompeting coal within the utility sector. Power plants are aging. 
has changed. Many of the older plants are located in areas that once had far more demand for electricity, demand from large manufacturing plants and heavy industry. Those factories have closed or modernized, both resulting in far less electricity use. 
and solar generation is growing, and those renewable energy sources have strong, broadbased, public support. 
electric grid to be smarter, more flexible, and more resilient are being deployed now, and more are in development. State policies to encourage energy efficiency and to diversify energy sources are also driving this transition. 
was the transition from wire to wireless communication a war on copper? Was the transition to the automobile a war on horses? No, of course not. 
role in driving the changes we see. That is true. But the Agency is doing what Congress directed it to do on behalf of all Americans: to act in defense of public health and to act in defense of our environment. 
and have a real dialogue on our changing power sector and what can be done to support those working in impacted industries. Meanwhile, we are debating these resolutions as our negotiators are in Paris working on an international climate agreement. 
The bottom line is there is an overwhelming scientific consensus that climate change is happening and is primarily caused by human activity, particularly the burning of fossil fuels. 
Climate change is no longer a problem for future generations. We are already feeling its effects in every corner of our Nation and across the globe, which threaten our economic and our national security. 
The Clean Power Plan will play a significant role in the fight against climate change. The United States’ action alone won’t stop climate change, but action by the rest of the world without the United States’ action also will not succeed. 
to delay action as long as the giant, the United States, does as well. This is the dynamic that has prevented us from action in the past. But now we have seen major commitments from the world’s largest developed and developing nations. 
demonstrates United States leadership and is key to our effort to secure an ambitious and lasting international climate agreement. 
Clean Power Plan, an agreement in Paris, or any one action alone will solve all of our climate crises. But these rules will deliver substantial benefits to our society, and they will move us in the right direction. 
reject these resolutions. Let’s work together in a meaningful strategy to address the problems that are emerging from the transition in our own electricity sector while promoting a cleaner, more sustainable Nation and growing significant jobs that are not yet on the radar screen. 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ). 
He is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
support of S.J. Res. 24, which expresses congressional disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the EPA’s rule on existing power plants. I also support S.J. Res. 23 that was just debated. 
benefit analysis, these regulations would do very little to impact global temperatures, but these regulations will, without a doubt, be devastating for Hoosier businesses and families that rely on affordable energy. Those hurt the most will be the poor and seniors on a fixed income. 
produce energy should be achieved through innovation, technology, and efficient business practices, not by unobtainable Federal Government mandates from the EPA. 
the EPA’s attack on our State’s economy and our State’s jobs. 
reject this overreach by supporting S.J. Res. 23 and 24. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my colleague 
and friend. He is the cochair of the SEEC Coalition in the House, the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition. He is an outstanding leader with SEEC, and he is an outstanding leader for his district and the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
thank my dear friend from New York, who is the cochair of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition and does such a superlative job. 
legislative effort which argues overreach, but what it is really all about is making sure that the government does not protect the public, that we live in a Darwinian world where you apparently take your chances, whether it is asthma, other respiratory illnesses, cancer, and all kinds of other ailments that can affect communities that suffer from this pollution. We, as a country, can do better. We can create jobs, not lose them. 
have always been that the Clean Air Act costs jobs and raises costs, neither of which are true. We have gotten lots of experience since 1970 with the Clean Air Act. I can tell you that, in my home State of Virginia, electric costs came down. They didn’t go up. Jobs got created, not lost. 
of what His Holiness Pope Francis has argued. When Pope Francis came to the White House, before he spoke to this body, he personally thanked the President for these rules in protecting clean air. 
change, which he believes is one of the most important and imperative moral issues facing mankind today. That is what the Pope has to say about this 
subject. We ought to heed his words and his moral warning as we debate this subject. 
and support the amendments with respect to the Clean Air Act. 
gentleman from Kentucky and my neighbor across the river. 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan rule is a dagger aimed at the heart of the coal industry and affordable, Americanmade energy. 
According to recent studies, the regulation will increase electric costs in my home State of Illinois by 27 percent. That is an unbearable burden on working families, seniors, and those people who are on set incomes. 
On top of that, Mr. Speaker, the mining industry employs thousands of workers in southern Illinois and supports thousands more in union retirees. 
that it doesn’t affect jobs. Well, tell that to the people of my district who have watched the coal mines close and who have watched the suffering. These people don’t have the opportunity to keep their children working near their own homes. They have to move away. 
effect, the local coal mines that are left and coal generation plants will close down. Our priority must be affordable energy and American jobs. For this reason, I ask, I beg, and I 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). She is a member 
of the Subcommittee on Energy and Power, and that reports to the greater Committee on Energy and Commerce that we both serve. I have witnessed her straightforward thinking and her 
very strong, passionate response on behalf of climate change. 
gentleman from New York for his kind words and his leadership on this issue. 
this resolution that seeks to hamstring America’s ability to combat carbon pollution and the impacts of the changing climate. 
around the world are meeting to tackle the challenges of the changing climate. I am proud to see that America is leading this effort. 
economic and environmental impacts of climate change is a reflection of our values. We do not cower in the face of difficult circumstances. That is the essence of the United States of America. 
Yet that is what this Republican majority in the Congress would have us do—ignore the problem, pretend it doesn’t exist, hope it goes away. 
consensus is clear: The Earth’s climate is changing, temperatures are getting warmer, and it is the greenhouse gases that are the primary drivers. Over the long term, the consequences will be very serious and the costs will be very high, indeed, unless we take action. 
are particularly vulnerable. Florida has more private property at risk from flooding linked to climate change than any other State, an amount that could double in the next 4 years. 
Already, local governments and taxpayers are being asked to pay more for stormwater drainage, drinking water initiatives, and beach renourishment. Extreme weather events will likely cause increases in property insurance and flood insurance. 
of the warmest Novembers on record in central Florida. Because of the heat, we had to run our air conditioners a lot longer than we are used to. We are used to turning them off in November, so we are paying more on our electric bills. 
For my friends in agriculture, the tomato crop was harvested earlier this year because of the heat, and while the yield was comparable to past years, the size was affected. The increase in the number of days with extreme heat is sure to impact other crops in Florida’s economy. 
continue to see the impacts all across America. So we have a challenge before us. We cannot shirk our responsibility to this great country or to future generations. We must unleash American ingenuity 
to reduce carbon pollution. So much is already happening. Technology today helps consumers conserve energy and save on their electric bills. Smartphones and smart meters can help you control your thermostat. 
wind power, hold great promise and are growing by leaps and bounds. I have seen it at home, where local businesses like IKEA and the big beer distributorship have put solar panels on the roofs of their huge buildings to save on their electric bills. 
Roughly 20,000 megawatts of solar capacity is forecasted to come on line over the next 2 years, doubling the country’s existing solar capacity. 
jobs of tomorrow in clean energy, in engineering, in energy efficiency and green building. 
this resolution. It is largely a symbolic vote. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is one to ignore the costs and consequences of the changing climate, but if it passes, it will also be another low point for this Congress, a Congress that has demonstrated time and again an inability to deal with the complicated and thorny problems that face America. I predict that many will come to regret that legacy. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully disagree with the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida who 
the Senate has already adopted this resolution. We want the House to adopt this resolution while the climate change conference is going on in France so that the world will know that in America there is a disagreement about the extreme power grab that this President is initiating under his clean energy plan. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the 
who has been a real leader for Ohio in this issue and in the Congress. 
I thank the chairman, and I couldn’t agree with my chairman more on his comments. 
Res. 24, a joint resolution disapproving of the EPA’s regulations targeting existing power plants. 
Clean Power Plan to move forward, countless coal and coalrelated jobs across the country will be eliminated, families and small businesses will be forced to pay higher electricity prices, and grid reliability will be seriously jeopardized. 
the EPA’s existing power plant regulations, energy sector expenditures 
billion, with retail electricity prices doubling in 40 States. In fact, by 2030, one study predicts Ohio’s wholesale electricity prices will increase by 31.2 percent due to this regulation. The regulation will force consumers to absorb a $64 billion cost just to replace the power plants shut down by the rule. 
clear message to the President that a majority of the Senate, the House, and America do not approve of higher electricity prices and an unreliable electric grid. 
are now challenging the regulations in court. Ohio EPA Director Craig Butler is correct; it would be irresponsible for the U.S. EPA to force immediate compliance until the legal issues are resolved. 
and other terrorist groups are plotting to attack us. We have a staggering national debt that our children and grandchildren will be buried under if we don’t address it. We have a Tax Code and regulatory framework that are stifling and strangling innovation and job creation. And our education system isn’t keeping pace with those of our rivals. 
air and water have never been cleaner. For the President to continue his crusade to shut down the coal industry and all the jobs that go with it is shortsighted, foolish, and wrong. 
who pay for the President’s policy on coal, Mr. Speaker. It will be every family and small business who end up paying more for their electricity as a result. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 24. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), a member of 
the Ways and Means Committee and, more important to this discussion, an outstanding, passionate voice concerning climate change and carbon emission. 
Members of Congress, the Republican propaganda machine is out here pushing a false choice: You either have no regulations or you have no economy. That is what it is. You have to get rid of all the regulations, or you won’t have an economy. 
facts are piling up worldwide that we cannot continue what we are doing. 
Washington Post is a picture of a Chinese city where you can’t see a guy riding a bicycle in the street. That is true in Delhi. That is true in Beijing. It is all over the world. 
over the world. We can’t just have it clean in our neighborhood and have it awful in the rest of the world. We have 
to think about a larger issue than our own. 
that I am hearing today when we said, ‘‘You got to stop smoking on the airplanes.’’ Why, we heard the tobacco boys running in here saying, ‘‘Oh, this is the end of the Earth. There will be nobody smoking tobacco.’’ 
is cleaned up on planes, it is cleaned up in restaurants, it is cleaned up on this floor because we had rules and regulations. 
much as it is an economic problem. Since I got out of the military in 1968, 76,000 miners have died of black lung disease—76,000. We have appropriated in this House $45 billion in money to those miners because of their problems. 
continues to be a real problem, and it is getting worse. And yet, with all the reckless bills, the Republicans are once again turning a blind eye to these costs. ‘‘They don’t mean anything. We want the mine owners to have freedom to do whatever they want and the power companies to do whatever they want. We don’t want anybody to tell them you have to clean it up.’’ 
right in the middle of town. It is run by Nucor. The Nucor Steel rebar plant is right in the middle of the city. It has been cleaned up, and you can do it. 
boys, they don’t want to spend any money cleaning anything up. They 
don’t want anybody telling them, with regulations, you have to reduce the amount of particulates in the air. So we have this problem that is going on and on and on. 
bought Republicans fight tooth and nail against any effort to reduce dependence on fossil fuels, they are not just condemning future generations to a world battered by increasing extreme and erratic weather patterns—we are seeing them all over the world. 
betraying a generation of Americans who are already reeling from the impact of all of this. Coal miners and the communities they live in are bearing the brunt of this irresponsible action by the coal owners. 
We had the same thing in Washington State with the forests. People said, ‘‘You have to keep cutting trees. Cut every tree you can see that is standing anywhere.’’ And we said, ‘‘If you do that, you destroy the environment.’’ So we stopped, and we helped the loggers find another way to make a living, and they are doing just fine. 
Now, if we keep this up and keep resisting and keep exposing the American public, both in the mines and in the cities, to this kind of environment, we are going to pay for it. It is like that FRAM commercial 
when I was a kid. The FRAM commercial was you either clean your air filter on your car now or you are going to pay me later by having to have the motor redone. 
talking about a President who says, let’s put some new FRAM filters in here and see if we can’t cut down the pollution and save both the people and the economy. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished majority whip. 
thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding and for bringing this legislation to the floor. 
about is rejecting this radical plan by President Obama’s EPA that is going to actually impact every power plant in this country. 
declared a war on coal years ago, and we are seeing the results of it. The results of it here in America are thousands of good jobs lost, thousands of middle class families that are now unemployed and trying to fight to get back in the middle class. And even more than that, Mr. Speaker, what you see is millions of people across this country paying more for electricity costs because of these regulations. 
So what is President Obama’s answer? It is to go to Paris and say that the biggest threat to national security is global warming. For goodness’ sake, doesn’t he see what is going on across the world? 
We are here focusing on national security, Mr. Speaker. We are also focusing on energy security, and we are standing up against a radical regulation that is going to increase costs on the most needy in this country. 
proposal by President Obama’s EPA would have a $29billionperyear cost on middle class families. The people that are going to be hit the hardest are lowincome families, Mr. Speaker. In Louisiana alone, nearly 1 million middleand lowincome families will be hit by this radical regulation. 
would much rather be spending their hardearned dollars going and buying Christmas presents for their families instead of seeing a 13percent increase in their utility bills for a regulation that is not going to do anything to clean the air. 
carbon emissions because of the American innovation. When some of these European countries signed Kyoto and some of these other accords that are wrecking their economies, we didn’t do it. Because we are actually doing better than them without signing an accord because we used great American innovation. 
come behind and bring a regulation that is going to strangle small businesses, it is going to strangle families, and it is going to increase electricity costs on those that can least afford to pay it. 
their own pockets. Let’s innovate, let’s create jobs in this economy, not use radical regulations to strangle our economy and our middle class. Let’s pass this resolution. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), our distinguished ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, who has led a fight for carbon emission and climate change on behalf of the Democrats in the House, and that he may control that time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
Mr. Speaker, my colleague Congressman M CDERMOTT pointed to this picture in today’s edition of The Washington Post. This is during the daylight. It is outside. It is in China. 
times, and I can relate to this picture in case nobody has been over there. Anybody who has been over there knows how the environment, the air quality, and people’s health are impacted by the lack of regulations that have existed over in China. They have an acute air pollution problem. 
The fact is we don’t have air pollution like that here in America because we have had regulations promulgated by agencies like the EPA, particularly the EPA, that have resulted in, yes, some increased costs to Americans, but the result of that cost is air quality that does not look like this. 
This is worth paying for, and the people will continue to pay. We will continue to pay. I mean, life is not free. It is true, though, that, with companies making so much money these days due to the misbalance in the economy, people are being squeezed. 
I hate to ask people to pay more, but 
I myself cannot live just based on the price that businesses have to pay to make sure that they are not polluting our environment. They should pay, and we have to pay our fair share, too. 
able to save our planet from countries that don’t have regulations? 
We are going in the opposite direction here. We are talking about doing away with the EPA. Why is it that the first thing my friends on the other side of the aisle and all of their Presidential candidates talk about is getting rid of the EPA? There is a reason for that. The reason 
is that they want to protect the ability of polluters to just pollute at will and to continue to make all of the money at the expense of people’s health, with our paying them exorbitant amounts for the energy that they are creating. 
about this? If not now, then when? If it is not America that is leading, then who? 
going to Paris. There are 185 nations being represented in Paris that are working on this problem, which is a profound problem not just for America, but for the world. We all live in this same ship together, and we have got to take care of it. 
everyone understands that S.J. Res. 24 does not eliminate the EPA. It refers only to the President’s existing coal plant rule. 
gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), who has been very involved 
Mr. WOMACK. I thank the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky for his leadership on the issue. 
of S.J. Res. 24 and to echo the sentiments of my colleagues. 
searching for a brighter future for generations to come. We disagree, however, on how to get there and, in this case, on the effects that our decisions could have on the environment and on the American family in the process. 
Plan will result in little to no environmental benefit at the expense of thousands of jobs and countless dollars and hours spent on compliance, all for the sake of an unrelenting government agency’s agenda and the desired environmental legacy of this administration. It is as simple as that. 
legislative powers are vested in the Congress. The Clean Power Plan is a clear attempt to take policymaking out of the hands of Congress. That is unacceptable. President Obama’s neverending regulatory overreach has to be stopped. 
must act to prevent this egregious power grab. This resolution will stop the EPA in its tracks and return the power to where it rightfully exists. Maybe then we can all get back to this 
successors a better future, supporting the two resolutions that have been debated here on the floor today is a really good first step. 
inquire as to the time that remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 10
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). 
support of both joint resolutions, which will block the Obama administration’s socalled Clean Power Plan, a regulation, I will add, that was never authorized by Congress, that will hurt our economy, lower our standard of living, and have absolutely no impact on the climate. 
that make America great are the things that America makes. Now, how do we do that? We do that with an affordable, dependable, reliable energy supply. 
Council of Texas, which operates my State’s electric grid, energy costs would increase protections by up to 16 percent due to this Clean Power Plan. This will have a disproportionate impact on the poor and on those on fixed incomes. Sadly, most of those folks don’t even see it coming. 
today, Mr. Speaker, in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the Clean Power Plan will reduce global temperatures by just .023 degrees Fahrenheit by the year 2100. 
Furthermore, the EPA’s claimed public health benefits from this regulation are due solely to reductions in air pollutants that are already regulated by the Agency under existing standards. The reduction of carbon dioxide on its own has no public health benefits. 
make America great are the way that we have a reliable, affordable power supply. I guess we could say that the EPA stands for an ‘‘energy and power assault.’’ 
regulation will hurt our economy, and it will have none of the stated benefits the administration claims. I often say that the EPA seems to stand for ‘‘eventually paralyzing America.’’ 
disapproval and hold this administration accountable for its regulatory assault on our economy and on our low income families. That is how I see it here in America. 
I have heard my Republican colleagues say over and over again that the President’s Clean Power Plan won’t have any impact on air quality and that it won’t do anything to improve the environment. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
this joint resolution and that the joint resolution would seek to disapprove establishes StatebyState targets for lowering carbon emissions. When it is implemented, the rule will reduce emissions from the power sector by 32 percent over the next 15 years as compared to emissions in 2005. 
other benefits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, and this includes thousands of fewer premature deaths from air pollution and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year—emphasizing again, thousands of fewer premature deaths from air pollution and tens of thousands of fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. 
I keep hearing from my GOP colleagues about the costs. What are the costs to society of air pollution and of people suffering from asthma and of premature deaths and of hospitalizations and of all of the costs? None of these things are calculated by the Republicans in their speeches. They just assume that somehow none of this matters. 
have said over and over again that this is sort of a wasted debate because we know that the President has said he is going to veto the bill and that there wouldn’t be enough votes in the House or in the Senate to overcome the President’s veto. 
the Republicans is somehow a clean environment and a good economy don’t go together. In fact, the opposite is true. 
since the Clean Air Act was implemented years ago, we have seen reductions in air pollution. We have seen people’s lives saved. We have seen fewer people suffer from asthma attacks and the other consequences of pollution. At the same time, the economy has improved. 
Policy, in which the President says that he will veto this resolution, he specifically says that, since it was enacted in 1970 and amended in 1977 and 1990, each time with strong bipartisan support, the Clean Air Act has improved the Nation’s air quality and has protected public health. 
economy has tripled in size while emissions of key pollutants have decreased by more than 70 percent. Fortyfive years of clean air regulation have shown that a strong economy and strong environmental and public health protections go hand in hand. 
comments from the other side of the aisle. The fact of the matter is, when you reduce air pollution, you eliminate 
the consequences of people having bad health, of dying, of getting sick. 
improved because we have come up with alternatives to the awful pollution that has resulted which this Clean Power Plan is designed to thwart. 
saying all of these things, but the fact of the matter is you can have clean air, 
you can have a good environment, and you can have a good economy and grow jobs. That is exactly what this rule that the President has put forward is designed to achieve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
about our environment and jobs and the economy as anybody else is, and there was a point in time when we needed this. We saw those pictures of China with the red glow and where you couldn’t see the bicycle rider. China has got a problem, and they need to address that. 
We have addressed that in this country, but it gets to a point at which you cross a line and you can’t squeeze any more out of the rock. Back 40 years ago the mercury coming out of the smokestacks of the coalfired power plants was about 50 pounds of mercury a year. Now it is less than 2 pounds of mercury a year. So how much more can you increase that? 
proven that it is no friend to the hardworking American families across our country or to the powerproducing companies that supply power to all Americans. 
Instead, this administration is placing added requirements on our Nation’s energy producers, requirements that will increase costs to all Americans, affecting those most who can least afford it. It will increase costs, it will decrease the grid’s reliability, and it will jeopardize our national security. 
world are meeting in Paris to discuss further restrictions on energy producers. As Americans, we do not bow to foreign pressure or influence. America needs to do what is best for America, especially when it is a foreign country that is putting out more than 50 percent of the carbon emitted into the atmosphere. 
Instead of limiting our energy production, which, again, hits hardworking Americans especially at the lower economic scales, why don’t we use all of the resources that America has been blessed with and take a commonsense approach in making our economy stronger and more competitive rather than in crippling it? 
heart as a Member from Florida who represents five coops in my district, 
says that their new emissions standards will not reduce the CO2emissions 
or improve air quality or human health, but they are going ahead with it anyway to the detriment of American manufacturing jobs and costs to the American taxpayers. 
speaker. House Republicans keep telling us that greenhouse gas emissions are falling in the United States. The previous speaker suggested that the United States doesn’t need to do much more about climate change. That couldn’t be more wrong. 
fall in 2008 and 2009 during the economic recession. Since that time, our overall emissions have grown. Cumulatively, U.S. emissions grew, not fell, in 2012 and 2013, the two most recent years for which data is available. 
emissions are on track to decline in the future by the amount needed to prevent dangerous climate change. Scientists say we need to reduce carbon pollution by 80 percent by 2050 to avoid catastrophic climate change. The EPA already predicts that, without any new policies to control carbon pollution, policies like the Clean Power Plan, the U.S. will only see a 2 percent drop in CO2emissions by 2040 compared to 2005 
So this data highlights the importance of the Clean Power Plan and the Obama administration’s overall push to cut greenhouse gas emissions. To suggest the United States doesn’t need to do any more, that is just not the case. We need to do a lot more, and that is what the Clean Power Plan is designed to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the Energy and 
in support of S.J. Res. 23 and 24, resolutions that would protect my constituents from egregious EPA overreach. This burdensome regulation is projected to raise electric rates in Florida annually between 11 and 15 percent for over 10 years while providing virtually no environmental benefits. 
plants, commonly called the Clean Power Plan, could have disastrous consequences for the safety, affordability, and reliability of my constituents’ electricity. In my district, there are over 200,000 residents who get their 
electricity from rural electric cooperatives, utilities formed during the Great Depression to serve rural, traditionally underserved areas with electricity. 
without serious alterations, it has the potential to negatively affect these underserved areas the most. The Clean Power Plan could close down power plants in rural areas that provide jobs and economic activity. 
In Florida, the Seminole Electric Cooperative operates two power plants whose baseload generating units do not meet the emission rate requirements. Their Seminole generating station employs over 300 individuals. If the EPA forces the plant to close prematurely, these jobs are at risk, and rural electric cooperative members, like my constituents, will still have to pay for the closed plant in their rates through 2042 while also paying for a new electricity source. 
created for a reason: to give this body the authority to check the executive branch when it oversteps its bounds and enacts policy against the will of the people. 
resolutions, both of them, to protect my constituents from needless rate increases and to protect the powers of this institution. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from New Jersey has 5
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 24, which expresses Congress’ disapproval of the EPA’s carbon emission rule for existing power plants. The administration’s unprecedented rule would inhibit our ability to produce affordable and reliable electricity. 
national security, public health, and the economy, yet the administration continues to wage war on the source of 85 percent of America’s energy. Until our energy infrastructure can support widespread use of alternate energy sources, we cannot arbitrarily force the closure of plants that are keeping lights on for millions of Americans. 
in the loss of over 125,000 jobs, as well as significantly higher electric bills in 48 States. Forty of these States would see doubledigit electricity price increases. 
Our Nation is still in a period of economic recovery. Low and middleincome American families already spend 17 percent of their household budget on electric bills. These families cannot afford to have another costly mandate forced upon them. 
less compete on a global level, with this many jobs lost. This resolution 
would prevent this rule from having any effect and would prohibit the EPA from reissuing this rule in a similar form. 
bill so we can assure Americans are not disadvantaged by another costly regulation. 
two issues that keep coming up on the Republican side. One is this notion, which I think the GOP Whip SCALISE  
talked about, of the President’s war on coal. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
coal is contributing to job losses in the coal industry, but setting aside these rules will not alter this trend. There are too many other changes occurring in the power sector that are impacting these workers. 
generation, smart grid, energy storage, energy efficiency, microgrids, and combined heat and power systems—are maturing and being incorporated at a faster pace. In some areas, they call into question the old grid model that was dominated by large, centralized generation. 
workers should be motivating us to do something to help these people and their communities to transition to other goodpaying jobs in new industries. Setting aside this rule is not going to replace the job security that they had in the past. 
hold back progress and ignore climate change, we should be working together to address this challenge. This rule moves us forward, and it represents our Nation’s commitment to addressing a serious global problem that we helped to create. 
losses. The fact is that job losses are occurring regardless of anything that the Clean Power Plan would do. Instead of saying job losses, the Republicans should be thinking about ways of trying to help these workers. 
kept hearing from the other side this whole notion that electricity rates, prices, and bills are going to go up. 
Public Citizen and a number of other consumers groups. PUBLIC CITIZEN —CENTER FOR ACCESSIBLE TECHNOLOGY —CITIZENS  
ACTION COALITION —CITIZENS COALITION —CONSUMERS UNION—ENERGY COORDINATING AGENCY OF  
LOWINCOME ENERGY AFFORD ABILITY NETWORK —NATIONAL CONSUMER LAWCENTER —NW E NERGY  
COMMUNITY ACTION PARTNER SHIP—A W ORLD INSTITUTE FOR A  
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : We urge you to oppose S.J. Res. 23 and S.J. Res. 24. These resolutions would effectively repeal the EPA Clean Power Plan, which curbs carbon pollution from power plants. Opponents of the Clean Power Plan often argue that they are protecting consumers, but they are mistaken. The Clean Power Plan is good for consumers because it will mitigate climate change and can lower household electricity costs. 
The Clean Power Plan will benefit consumers. Climate change poses a severe threat to American consumers and in particular to vulnerable populations. A few of the most salient risks include: higher taxes and market prices to cover the costs of widespread damage to property and infrastructure from extreme weather; diminished quality and higher prices for food and water, heightening food insecurity for America’s most vulnerable populations; and increased illness and 
disease from extreme heat events, reduced air quality, increased foodborne, water borne, and insectborne pathogens. 
Power Plan will benefit consumers by mitigating these harms. 
The Clean Power Plan should lower consumer electricity bills. The Clean Power Plan is likely to lower consumer costs, not raise them, because it will spur improvements in energy efficiency. Although electricity prices may rise modestly under the Plan, consumers will use less electricity. This should result in lower bills overall. The EPA projects that the rule will lower consumer bills by 7.0 to 7.7 percent by 2030. A Public Citizen analysis of the proposed rule found that the EPA’s projection of bill reductions was conservative because it overestimated the cost of efficiency programs and underestimated how much progress the states can make on efficiency. These points remain valid with respect to the final rule, for which the EPA’s analysis is similar. Consumer costs are likely to decline by more than the agency projects. 
David Arkush, Managing Director; Public Citizen’s Climate Program; Dmitri Belser, Executive Director; Center for Accessible Technology; Kerwin Olson, Executive Director; Citizens Action Coalition; Joseph Patrick Meissner, Legal Counsel; Citizens Coalition; Friendship 
Branstetter, Policy Counsel, Energy and Environment; Consumers Union; Liz Robinson, Executive Director; Energy Coordinating Agency of Philadelphia; Stephanie Chen, Energy and Telecommunications Policy Director; The Greenlining Institute; Elliott Jacobson, Chair; LowIncome Energy Affordability Network; Charlie Harak, Attorney; National Consumer Law Center, on behalf of its lowincome clients; Michael Mariotte, President; Nuclear Information and Resource Service; Wendy Gerlitz, Policy Director; NW Energy Coalition; David C. Rinebolt, Executive Director and Counsel; Ohio Partners for Affordable Energy; Richard A. Berkley, Esq., Executive Director; Public Utility Law Project of New York; Mark W. Toney, Ph.D., Executive Director; TURN—The Utility Reform Network; Beth Sachs, Founder; Vermont Energy Investment Corporation; Irene E. Leech, President; Virginia Citizens Consumer Council; Merritt Mount, Executive Director; WA State Community Action Partnership; Michael Karp, President & CEO; A World Institute for a Sustainable Humanity (A W.I.S.H). 
read some sections from the letter. The letter is from Public Citizen and a number of other consumers groups. 
Clean Power Plan will benefit consumers. Climate change poses a severe threat to American consumers and in particular to vulnerable populations . . . The Clean Power Plan should lower consumer electricity bills. The Clean Power Plan is likely to lower consumer costs, not raise them, because it will spur improvements in energy efficiency. Although electricity prices may rise modestly under the Plan, consumers will use less electricity. This should result in lower bills overall. The EPA projects that the rule will lower consumer bills by 7.0 to 7.7 percent by 2030. A Public Citizen analysis of the proposed rule found that the EPA’s projection of bill reductions was conservative because it overestimated the cost of efficiency programs and underestimated how much progress the states can make on efficiency. These points remain valid with respect to the final rule, for which the EPA’s analysis is similar. Consumers costs are likely to decline by more than the agency projects.’’ 
other side of the aisle, oh, electricity bills are going to go up. They are not. They are going to go down. We keep hearing we are going to lose jobs. Well, a lot of those jobs are going to be lost anyway because of the change in the types of generation of electricity. We should be thinking of ways to try to deal with that rather than saying that somehow we are going to stop it, because we are not going to be able to. 
I also want to say that I heard the 
national security argument. We had, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, a minority hearing a couple of months ago at Annapolis. One of the reasons we went there is we know that our military is seriously concerned about 
the impacts of climate change and sea level rise. When we were there, the superintendent of the Naval Academy was talking about hundreds of millions of dollars that were being spent just at Annapolis to deal with sea level rise at the academy and went on to talk about the impact of climate change on naval operations and so many other things. 
impact on our national security, but it is there. To suggest that somehow there is no impact is simply not true. Climate change is very much in the minds of the admirals and the generals at the Pentagon. They are very worried about the impact and what it is going to mean in terms of our national security and what we have to do to address those concerns over the next few years. 
Mr. Speaker, if I could, is that this rule that the Republicans are trying to get rid of provides States with a lot of flexibility to find the best path forward to meet their emission reduction goals. In fact, many States are already implementing policies that are consistent with these regulations. 
EPA spent several years talking to States, talking to stakeholders, and talking to consumers. They have not put together some kind of straightjacket here that says that the States have to implement these reductions in carbon emissions in a certain way. They are giving States a tremendous amount of flexibility. They had a lot of public hearings. They had millions of people who commented on the rule. 
Somehow, when you listen to my colleagues here today, they suggest that this rule came out of nowhere without considering all of the economic impacts, without considering the costs. None of that is true. In fact, there were a lot of discussions about the costs and about the economic impact. 
reason to believe that this rule will improve the public health, will improve the lives of Americans in terms of the negative impact that air pollution has on their health, and, in the long run, will improve the economy and lower costs for the consumer. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
I certainly want to thank Mr. PALLONE and the great job he does as ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I am delighted that we have the opportunity to come to the House floor to debate things like S.J. Res. 24. 
instrument that is available to Congress to try to stop the President when we believe that the President has exceeded his legal authority, and that is precisely why we are here today on S.J. Res. 23 as well as S.J. Res. 24. We believe the President has exceeded his legal authority. Now, the President in 2013 went to 
Georgetown University and gave a speech on climate change, and he set out his clean energy plan. I might say that he never consulted with Congress. He never talked to Congress. He never asked for any input from Congress on this issue. That is his prerogative. But the EPA took him at his word, and then they started the process of adopting these final regulations. 
regulation relating to new coal power plants so that America finds itself to be one of the only countries in the world today where you cannot build a new plant. 
Tribe of Harvard Law School, who taught Barack Obama while Barack Obama was a student at Harvard, came to Congress and testified on this clean energy plan that, in his view, it was like tearing up the Constitution. In other words, the President exceeded his legal authority. In other words, it was a power grab. 
justifies the means. There are a lot of people who feel that way. But we are still a nation of laws. We believe—and not only we believe—every time the EPA has testified about this existing coal plant rule, they have stressed how they have met with the States, they give the States maximum flexibility to try to address this regulation. If that is the case, why have 27 States already filed lawsuits against the EPA and a multitude of other entities as well? 
This is even a violation of the Federal Power Act because States, generally speaking, have jurisdiction over electric generation and intrastate distribution. But under this regulation of existing coal plants, EPA will have that authority. 
a major rule like this, they will give the States 3 years to come up with their State implementation plan. But, in this instance, the rule came out and was finalized in September or October of this year. The States have until September, basically 1 year, to come up with a State implementation plan. 
that the President could go and tell the world leaders in France that America was doing more than anyone else, and we already were doing more than anyone else. 
With all due great respect to everyone, whether you agree with our position or not, we have the right to express that view. We decided explicitly 
as the climate change conference is taking place in Paris because we want the world to know that there are differences of opinion between the Congress and the President on this issue and on his clean energy plan. 
I would respectfully ask every Member of Congress to vote for this resolution. As we said earlier, the U.S. Senate has already passed both of these resolutions because they are concerned about the President exceeding his legal authority, his power grab, his extreme plan. Even Democrats in the Senate supported these resolutions. 
That is all we are trying to do today. 
We are not debating climate change. We are not debating the science of climate change. But we are debating the President’s view on the way you address it and the fact that he is jeopardizing America because he is making us jump through more severe obstacles and hoops than any other country is being asked to do. That is why we are here today. 
be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
question is on the passage of the joint resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the passage of S.J. Res. 24 will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of S.J. Res. 23. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 180, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 23) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 235, nays 188, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan 
Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
motion, which makes changes in the fasttrack procedures that the House voted on earlier in the year, debatable? 
Chair was about to recognize the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) for 1 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, is that 
time divided equally, as is normally done on proposals under our rules? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is debatable under the hour rule. 
without yielding any time to those of us who are opposed to this motion under the rules of the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) will be 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
has announced, when was notice of this conference report coming up for a vote tonight first provided to all the Members of the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has not presented a valid parliamentary inquiry. The Chair will not respond to matters of scheduling. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) is recognized for 1 hour. 
we need to go to conference and move the Customs bill forward. We will have a motion to instruct and a full hour of debate later this evening. 
and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 252, noes 170, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Posey Price (NC) Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, during the votes held on December 1st, 2015, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Passage of S.J. Res. 24 and ‘‘no’’ on S.J. Res. 23. Also, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Motion to go to Conference on H.R. 644. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 646, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 647, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 648, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 649, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 650, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 651, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 652, I 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–359) on the resolution (H. Res. 542) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the 
bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
ALLEN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 539 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 8), to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, with Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
debate on H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This bill culminates a multiyear, multiCongress effort to ensure that folks in Michigan and every corner of the country have access to affordable and reliable energy. It has been nearly a decade since we last considered a broad energy package and a lot—a lot—has changed. 
looked downright dire: declining domestic oil and natural gas output, increasing reliance on imports, and energy prices that seemed like they had nowhere to go but up. Remember 7 years ago they were $3.84 a gallon. 
But thankfully, because of breakthrough innovation, a little American ingenuity, and a lot of hard work, we 
are now experiencing gamechanging energy abundance that has, in fact, redefined America’s standing at home, as well as around the globe. Now Michigan and many parts of the country are enjoying a welcome manufacturing renaissance thanks to reliable and affordable energy. It is well past time that our laws rooted in energy scarcity caught up to our newfound 21st century reality. 
the private sector to expand the Nation’s energy infrastructure. The Keystone XL pipeline is certainly one of the most wellknown examples of energy infrastructure projects being delayed and ultimately denied, but it is far from the only one. 
that is not designed to expeditiously handle the many projects necessary to bring online the Nation’s growing energy output and to meet energy needs of homeowners and businesses. How can it be that in this century we can’t get energy to consumers in some parts of the country? We need to fix that problem. This bill does that. 
to make the approval process more timely for projects such as interstate natural gas pipelines, LNG export facilities, and new hydropower, which we discussed during a hearing with the FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, just today. And I would add that these streamlining provisions were done so in a manner that keeps the environmental and safety protections intact. 
on by our energy abundance are geopolitical. Where we once feared rising dependence on the likes of OPEC, now we can, in fact, control our energy destiny and use our new standing as an energy superpower to help our allies and friends around the world and engage in energy diplomacy. However, this is a new role for the U.S., and we don’t have in place the means to act globally on energy policy yet. This bill changes that. 
Quadrennial Energy Review as a guide, this bill begins the process of incorporating energy security and diplomacy considerations into the decisionmaking process. It also creates forums through which we can coordinate with our North American neighbors, as well as our allies and trading partners around the world, on energy policy. 
the last decade hasn’t been all that good. Cyber threats and electromagnetic pulses pose a growing and more sophisticated risk to the Nation’s electricity system. We need new measures to better address these and other threats to the grid, and this bill, H.R. 8, has a number of important provisions. I would add that while our energy 
abundance is a real blessing, it does not in any way reduce the importance of energy efficiency. H.R. 8 again includes a number of updates to energy efficiency policy, including measures to help the Federal Government use energy more wisely, as well as improvements to existing energy efficiency programs that have proven problematic. 
could have imagined where we would be in 2015 and how much the energy script would be flipped in our favor. It is a new day, but now that we are here, it is time to bring our energy policy in line with those new realities. It is time that we put the scarcity mindset in the rearview mirror and say yes to energy and yes to jobs. 
8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
bring this bill before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources will not seek a referral of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House Senate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I ask that you support any such request. 
Finally, I also ask that a copy of this letter and your response be inserted in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 8 on the House floor. 
Thank you for your work on this bill, and 
for your cooperation and consideration on this and many other matters shared by our committees. I look forward to H.R. 8’s enactment. 
8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. As you noted, this bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Committee on Natural Resources be discharged from further consideration of the bill. I agree that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I will support any such request. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 8 on the House floor. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs regarding H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. As a result of those consultations and text edits related to the role that the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Department of State play in energy diplomacy, I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further consideration of that bill, so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding that, by forgoing consideration of H.R. 8, the Foreign Affairs Committee does not waive jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this, or any other, legislation. I also would appreciate your support for a request by the Foreign Affairs Committee for an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this bill, should one occur. 
I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters 
on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 8. Thank you again for your collaborative leadership on this important legislation. 
your assistance regarding H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs from further consideration of H.R. 8 so that it can proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or any other legislation. In addition, I agree to support a request by the Committee on Foreign Affairs for an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this bill. 
I will place a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 8. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on September 16, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego committee action on the bill. 
mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 8 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Specifically, the Oversight Committee’s jurisdiction is primarily triggered by provisions in the bill related to 5 U.S.C. 552, known as the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). I appreciate that our committees have had fruitful discussions regarding these provisions and have come to an agreement related to section 4122 of the reported bill. Negotiations regarding sections 1104, 1105, and 1106, the application of FOIA as it relates to critical electric infrastructure security, the Strategic Transformer Reserve and Cyber Sense, are currently ongoing. I have full confidence that our committees will arrive at a mutually agreeable compromise, which respects the Oversight Committee’s interest in narrowing FOIA exemptions, prior to floor consideration of the bill. 
of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. 
your assistance regarding H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. I appreciate your willingness to forego action on the bill in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 8 at this time, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. I am confident that our committees will arrive at a mutually agreeable compromise on the ongoing negotiations between our committees prior to floor consideration of the bill. 
I will support your request for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. In addition, I will include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 8 
H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, as ordered reported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House Floor. 
your letter concerning H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, as ordered reported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. As you noted, there are certain provision in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on this bill in order to expedite this legislation for Floor consideration. I agree that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. In addition, I will support your request for the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. 
I will place a copy of your letter and this 
response into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House Floor. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 8, the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee reported on November 19, 2015. 
H.R. 8 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in 
order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
letter concerning H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your willingness to forego action on the bill in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration. I agree that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I will place a copy of your letter and this 
response into the Congressional during the Floor consideration of this bill. 
and I first talked about energy legislation, I was encouraged that we would be working together to develop a consensus, bipartisan bill. In the tradition of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, that is what we started to do, spending months negotiating over language and finally reporting a bill from subcommittee on a voice vote in July. That bill was modest but bipartisan and was the result of good faith cooperation. 
H.R. 8 is not a bipartisan consensus bill. Instead, the House is taking up a backwardlooking piece of energy legislation at a time when we need to move forward. H.R. 8 undermines the progress we have made in deploying the sustainable clean energy economy of the future. 
we are authorizing improvements in energy infrastructure, the bill provides no funding or initiatives to address some of the significant energy infrastructure issues we are facing. 
that strips out the few good provisions that remained from the committee markup. This socalled energy bill now does nothing for solar, wind, or any other clean energy technology. 
On top of that, the Republicans deleted a whole title of the bill written primarily by the subcommittee ranking member, BOBBY RUSH, the 21st Century Workforce Initiative. That title created a new program at DOE to help minorities, women, and veterans find work and build careers in the energy industry. This was something that Republicans praised throughout the committee process. In fact, the Energy Subcommittee chairman even praised the title last night during testimony before the Rules Committee. Yet, Mr. Chairman, the bill before us doesn’t have that provision. 
What does that say about Republicans’ socalled commitment to expanding job opportunities in the energy sector for minorities, women, and those who served our country? Unfortunately, it says all too much, and none of it is good. 
its titles: an unerring devotion to the energy of the past. Provision after provision favors an energy policy that is dominated by fossil fuels and unnecessary energy use. It is the Republican Party’s 19thcentury vision for the future of U.S. energy policy in the 21st century. 
opposes this bill. If it reaches the President’s desk, it will be vetoed. I, too, oppose H.R. 8, and I urge my colleagues to reject this attempt to roll back progress in energy efficiency and clean energy. 
much attention to comments that come from the media, but I was actually asked a couple of minutes ago to comment on the fact that some of the Republicans have said that this bill is actually something they can take to the Paris conference and talk about in a positive way. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
address climate change and is seeking to move us towards less reliance on greenhouse gases, less reliance on fossil fuels, and more on renewables. Nothing in this bill accomplishes that goal, and it is hard for me to believe that my colleagues on the Republican side could even suggest that, somehow, this is something that they would want to bring up or talk about at the Paris conference. 
about this bill, and it is unfortunate that we have gotten to the point now at which there is no effort, really, to reach any of the Democrats’ concerns. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), the chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
I want to commend him for his leadership on this initiative and for getting it to the floor. This has been a long process, and the gentleman is to be commended for going through the regular order of the subcommittee, of the full committee, and now to floor consideration. 
committee and as amended in the manager’s amendment that the gentleman presented to the Rules Committee. 
be made in order—an amendment to that bill to include a provision that we passed as a standalone bill several months ago, H.R. 702, which would repeal the current ban on crude oil exports. 
the Rules Committee—and I hope that it will be—takes what the floor passed with amendments—and we had a number of Republican and Democrat amendments that were added dealing with terrorism, national security, and things of this sort. I am asking that the Rules Committee make in order H.R. 702, as amended, and put it on the floor tomorrow as an amendment. 
we currently produce a little over 9 million barrels of oil per day. That makes us number 3 in the world in terms of daily crude oil production, but we are not allowed to export any of that crude oil. We can export refined products and we do export up to 3 or 4 million barrels per day of refined products, but we cannot export crude oil. 
Rules Committee, made in order, voted on in a positive way by the House, sent to the Senate, and the Senate passes H.R. 8, and it is signed by the President, we could then begin to export our crude oil. 
produce 15 million barrels a day, and some experts say we could go up to 20. That would be a strategic asset visa vis OPEC, visavis ISIS, visavis the Russians, in that we could use our oil in the international oil markets. 
It would help our economy, would literally create hundreds of thousands of jobs, and would, surprisingly, minimize or lower gasoline prices here in the United States because more U.S. oil in the world market would lower the world price, which would lower gasoline prices at the pump. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your support. I ask that the Rules Committee make my bipartisan amendment in order, which is cosponsored by Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. F LORES , 
and Mr. M CCAUL, and that we add it to 
5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
Mr. Chairman, there is strong—certainly bipartisan—consensus that we need to update and modernize our energy infrastructure. Unfortunately, this bill fails to make meaningful advances in this arena. 
‘‘energy efficiency’’ title would actually be a setback in reducing consumption and carbon emissions, and climate change is not addressed at all. Whenever possible, this legislation favors suppliers over consumers, consumption over efficiency, and the fossil fuels over renewable energy. 
have been bipartisan. The Senate’s energy bill, while far from perfect, at least acknowledges that we need to invest real dollars into upgrading our Nation’s energy systems. 
have offered two amendments to address some of these shortcomings. The first would reauthorize the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program. These are two existing programs that have operated successfully for years. 
The Weatherization Assistance Program supports Statebased programs to improve the energy efficiency of the homes of lowincome families. The Department of Energy provides grants to the States to deliver these services through local weatherization agencies. 
The Weatherization Assistance Program helps those in our communities who do not have the financial resources to make energy efficiency investments on their own: the elderly, the disabled, and other lowincome families amongst them who are struggling to make ends meet. 
section 1101, an unnecessary change to FERC’s natural gas pipeline approval process. Nothing has been done to cast FERC’s role as the lead agency for siting gas pipelines in doubt, but the majority has used this pretense to make it easier for pipeline companies to have projects approved without extensive public consultation, requiring FERC to make a decision within 90 days regardless of the complexity of the application. 
It would also allow for remote surveying instead of onsite inspections. This would allow companies to circumvent property owners’ rights when surveying land. My amendment would strike this section to ensure Federal and State regulators have the time necessary to review any and all applications, but these issues are far from my only concerns with this bill. 
of bipartisanship, but, sadly, this has not continued in this bill. 
for an EnergyEfficient Economy, this bill would actually net cost consumers and cause additional emissions. 
payback period of 10 years or less. That is a return on investment that does not jibe with reality where 30year mortgages are often the norm. 
The bill repeals a section of the Energy Independence and Security Act which has been used to improve the efficiency of new Federal buildings. 
section included during the full committee markup that was not subject to a hearing despite significantly changing the FERC licensing process. 
health and safety hazards created by old, leaky natural gas pipelines. 
It does nothing to assist States’ efforts to upgrade and modernize their electric grids. 
maintenance issues associated with the Strategic Petroleum Reserve that the administration identified in the Quadrennial Energy Review. 
growth in distributed renewable energy, such as wind and solar, and it should come as no surprise that this 
bill ignores the impact of climate change, which remains a major threat to our energy security, our economy, and human health. 
These are just a handful of the serious issues with this bill. 
I believe all of us started with the intention of continuing the Energy and Commerce Committee’s long tradition of working on comprehensive energy legislation in a bipartisan fashion, but this bill is a far cry from the discussion drafts we actually held hearings on earlier this year. I understand we may not agree on everything, but this legislation fails to capitalize on those areas of agreement in any meaningful way. 
This bill’s focus is on the past, not on 
the future. It fails to make the necessary investments in our energy infrastructure to improve safety, public health, and reliability. 
It rolls back efforts to improve energy efficiency, does nothing to encourage the expansion of renewable energy, and ignores climate change, as I indicated, altogether. It promotes a future that is economically and environmentally unsustainable. 
this bill. We need to go back to the drawing board and craft a bill that actually makes investments and looks forward to America’s energy future. 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee. 
become a leader in the area of energy production. But if we are going to maintain that leadership and be a true support for our allies, it requires certain actions that Chairman UPTON and 
his committee have recognized and have presented to us in this North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. This bill actually contains two provisions that were bipartisan provisions that passed in my Natural Resources Committee, both of which will ensure that the flow of energy to our Nation will be facilitated and will continue on in the future. 
One, by Mr. MACARTHUR of New Jersey, illustrates the archaic provisions that will never be used to prohibit and use Federal land as a hindrance to pipeline production even if those pipelines are underground and if they are already in established corridors for energy production, especially those going into the northeast of this country. It is an extremely important position and point of view. 
SCHRADER of Oregon also have a bipartisan bill that deals with the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, which would minimize the potential of wildfire risk in the over 100,000 miles of power lines we have going through national forest and Bureau of Land Management properties. 
agencies to actually work to come up with constructive policies and to make timely decisions so that the utilities have the ability to take out hazardous elements, like trees, and so that ratepayers are not going to be on the hook for the liability of a freak forest fire that would come because of Federal inaction. 
American energy production has literally changed in less than a decade. There is no reason Federal lands should blockade any kind of pragmatic approach from having these resources moved from the places they are developed to where people can actually benefit from them. 
move our country forward. I appreciate Chairman UPTON ’s and his committee’s 
leadership. This is an essential one if we are actually going to forge a better future for the United States. I am proud to be down here to support it, and I appreciate adding these two important, bipartisan provisions as part of the overall package. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). 
that Congress update our national energy policy with a framework that includes clean energy technologies, reduces fossil fuel consumption, boosts energy efficiency in residential, commercial, and Federal buildings, and provides the funding necessary to advance our workforce and technological innovation, but, unfortunately, H.R. 8 does not meet these goals. 
for working with me on several provisions that are intended to improve responses to physical and cyberattacks on the grid, that encourage the development and use of water and energyefficient technology, that streamline hydropower permitting, and that generally improve the modernization of our electric grid. 
Unfortunately, the funding was removed for the electric grid grant program and for carbon capture sequestration, a provision promoting the next generation energy workforce is gone, and language that weakens energy efficiency in buildings has not been fixed. 
Chairman, because throughout most of the process there was real bipartisan cooperation, but in the final stages, the majority fell into partisanship and changed the bill to something most Democrats can’t support. 
that I oppose H.R. 8, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). 
rise today in support of H.R. 8, a bill that will help our Nation rise to meet growing energy demands and challenges. 
with the current state of domestic energy supply and production. The United States is now the world’s largest energy producer, but our energy infrastructure is woefully inadequate. We have the innovation and technology to safely expand the electric grid and pipeline systems, but administrative red tape has severely hindered these projects. 
and nuclear energy projects continue to languish for years in drawnout Federal permitting processes, nobody can benefit from the cleaner and more affordable energy these sources can provide. 
expand our energy infrastructure to ensure reliable and affordable energy, but our national security depends on secured energy sources and updated infrastructure to protect against real threats. 
Cyber attacks on electric utility systems and electromagnetic pulses are no longer things you only see in movies. These threats are very real and possible, and we need to be prepared. We need to improve energy infrastructure security now, not later. 
bill so Americans can continue to have access to an affordable, reliable, and secure energy supply. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ). 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in adamant opposition to H.R. 8. 
I don’t have much time, so I can’t go 
into all the terrible provisions included in this legislation. To be clear, there are many. 
would give the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, what 
studies, research, and public comment periods for dangerous and volatile pipeline projects, regardless of how complicated the proposal or how sensitive the land these projects cuts through, doesn’t give us what my colleagues across the aisle call energy security. 
and protected land, clean water, and our environment at risk. 
fighting just such a project, my constituents will be the first to tell you just how preposterous a provision of this nature is. 
unilateral ‘‘no,’’ and I hope my colleagues will join me in defeating it. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining on both sides? 
and the gentleman from New Jersey has 19 minutes remaining. 
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
to speak about the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
With new technology and innovations, the energy industry is growing rapidly, and this important legislation works to maximize America’s energy potential. 
energy production, but, sadly, due to Washington’s bureaucratic red tape, projects like updating our pipelines and electric grid have fallen way behind. 
energy infrastructure, protect our electricity system, strengthen energy security and diplomacy, and improve energy efficiency. 
making our infrastructure more resilient will, in turn, strengthen our national security and our economy. I support this important legislation because it is the next step in becoming energy independent. Now is the time to dramatically increase our investment in homegrown American energy. 
When I came to Congress, my top priority was growing the economy and creating jobs. Mr. Chairman, this bill will do exactly that. It makes no sense to place restrictions on the abundance of energy potential in America. The United States is an energy superpower, and it is time to step up and lead. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
strong opposition to this legislation and, in particular, a section of the bill that would create an opening to cause irreparable damage to our national parks. 
H.R. 8 would establish national energy security corridors to short circuit the approval process for natural gas 
pipelines that cross our Nation’s public lands. In doing so, it eliminates longstanding protections afforded to our national parks and other historically significant areas that were set aside for the very distinct purpose of preserving our Nation’s cultural and natural heritage. 
This legislation also blocks the public from providing any input on where these natural gas pipeline corridors should be located. 
like many areas around the country, faces real energy challenges. In my district, a company is proposing to build a new 250mile natural gas pipeline that crosses three States. I have heard from hundreds of my constituents expressing their concerns with the project, particularly with regard to its route. 
and input, the pipeline route has already been adjusted to minimize some of the environmental impacts, but there are still many outstanding concerns that deserve careful scrutiny to be sure that the route does not adversely impact local farmland, State forests, parks, wildlife management areas, and wetlands. 
this proposed pipeline reflects the Commonwealth’s longstanding history of preserving natural habitats and protecting open spaces for the public benefit, and we have invested enormous public resources toward these goals. This is also true of the investments that American taxpayers have made in our national parks. 
pipelines, H.R. 8 would directly erode the National Park Service’s ability to meet its core mission of preserving and protecting our Nation’s natural, cultural, and historic resources, unimpaired for the use and enjoyment of future generations. 
I offered an amendment with my colleague from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) to remove this section from the bill. However, the majority blocked this simple amendment from coming to the floor and receiving an upordown vote. 
Americans and have been famously called ‘‘America’s best idea.’’ National parks protect, celebrate, and give access to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as a people and a country. 
opportunity to vote on whether or not we should protect our national parks from natural gas pipelines. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). 
North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act does some important things to move us into the 21st century with our energy policy. It advances modernization, reliability, security, and efficiency in our energy infrastructure. 
I want to focus on one section of that 
bill, title 5, that ‘‘national energy security corridors’’ portion. I originally proposed this as a separate bill, and I am pleased to see it as part of this energy act. Simply put, it allows us to move natural gas from the western to the eastern United States. 
this matters. A couple of weeks ago, I visited Winteringham Village in Toms River in my district. It is a village comprised almost entirely of seniors, and their average income is slightly over $12,000 a year. 
ofliving increase under Social Security, but they most certainly are facing higher energy costs. The reason is simple. While other States, western States, enjoy lower energy costs, States like mine are facing higher energy costs, and the reason is simple. We don’t have the energy infrastructure to move gas from the West to the East. 
the cost of natural gas in New Jersey was $22.35 for a million BTUs. It was $1.50 at the same time in Pennsylvania, one State away from me. 
corridors’’ portion of the bill. It requires and empowers the Secretary of the Interior to designate 10 natural gas corridors across Federal lands. 
Now, I just heard that it is across national parks. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Federal Government owns much land that is not park land, and this would allow the Secretary of the Interior to designate corridors so we can properly plan our energy needs. 
It does a few things for us. It lowers 
energy costs. It protects the most vulnerable of our citizens. It would require thoughtful planning of where to put pipelines. It would be subject to a full environmental review under NEPA. 
the North American Building Trades Union testified at our hearing that it would not only create jobs in building these corridors, but it would create jobs because of lower energy costs. Lastly, it would increase our security because energy security and national security are inextricably linked. 
this portion of the bill included, the ‘‘national energy security corridors’’ portion. I urge my colleagues to support this entire bill and move our energy policy into the 21st century. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I was disappointed to see the Rules Committee decided to add H.R. 2295, the National Energy Security Corridors Act, to H.R. 8. 
There is no doubt that getting natural gas to where it is needed and to lowering electric and heating bills are 
shouldn’t accomplish these by steamrolling the concerns of residents who would see new pipelines built in their backyards. 
Right now, there are multiple proposals to run natural gas pipelines from West Virginia through the Commonwealth of Virginia to the eastern seaboard. There is the Atlantic coast pipeline, the Mountain Valley pipeline, and more being considered. 
along the proposed route of these pipelines are concerned. Once a pipeline route is approved by FERC, land can be taken by eminent domain. The companies involved, of course, want to draw the straightest, cheapest route they can. The communities in the way of these routes face huge impacts, environmentally and financially. They deserve a say. 
Unfortunately, the legislation provides absolutely no method for the public to have their voice heard when it comes to the location of these corridors. It completely waives the Natural Environmental Policy Act for the corridor designation, shutting out the community’s opportunity for public input. 
to speak to the extent that they can help identify the most commercially viable, costeffective acreage. Individual resident concerns or environmental factors don’t even come into play. 
This doesn’t simplify getting natural gas to the people who need it. This is a way that will lead to more opposition, more lawsuits, and an atmosphere of distrust and resentment 
contains a provision which will allow pipelines to be permitted across national parks without congressional approval. This is contrary to longstanding U.S. law. Every time we put a pipeline across a park, Congress has been involved. 
Trail community and the national parks conservation community are deeply worried about Congress abrogating its responsibility to approve such pipeline crossings. 
parks that will be impacted by this bill. I encourage my colleagues to oppose H.R. 8. 
solar, wind, or any other clean energy technology. It does nothing for energy infrastructure either since all funding in the bill was stripped by the GOP. 
The bill contains an energy efficiency title that actually results in more energy consumption. 
drive up electricity prices in the Northeast and midAtlantic by rigging the markets to prop up old and uneconomical coal and nuclear plants that are losing out in the market to costeffective natural gas and renewables. 
pipeline companies and hydroelectric licenses that will roll over environmental laws—like the Clean Water Act, the Endangered Species Act, the NEPA—and undermine the rights of consumers, tribes, and States. 
the floor will have a couple of bad additions from the Committee on Natural Resources, including the MacArthur ‘‘pipeline through parks’’ legislation that would make it easy to run pipelines through Yellowstone, Yosemite, and every other national park. 
that demonstrates that the Republican Party is solely focused on the energy policies of the past and is committed to throwing up barriers to the development of a clean and sustainable energy future. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
My Committee on Energy and Commerce colleagues and I worked to create this broad energy bill and modernize our policies. 
concerned with managing a scarcity of energy resources, but times have changed. We are in the middle of a resurgence of American energy manufacturing. We should manage our surplus of energy resources with clear, straightforward policies that maximize our energy potential. 
step to ensure our energy infrastructure is robust and continues to create jobs in the years to come. Modern energy challenges demand modern energy policies. We must cut outdated red tape and ensure the energy markets remain nimble and secure. 
take advantage of recent technology advancements and encourage a growing market that yields jobs at home and more influence abroad. The world doesn’t want to deal with unstable exporters, such as Russia or Iran, if they don’t have to. We should be the secure and reliable trading partner that they can trust and they do trust. 
partnerships and reforms processes for energy exports that will pay important dividends for generations to come. 
on the committee, especially Chairman UPTON , for their work on this very important bill. 
and ensure reliable electricity for consumers and families across the nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by 
saying I’m pleased that this bill includes several measures I have championed, including bills I’ve offered relating to energy efficiency and electric vehicles. However, I have to oppose this legislation because H.R. 8 fails to address climate change. In fact, the bill includes several controversial provisions that shift our nation’s energy policy into reverse. 
Subcommittee Chairman W HITFIELD for including my legislation, the Energy Efficient Government Technology Act, in the base text of H.R. 8. This bipartisan, noncontroversial bill which I introduced with Rep. KINZINGER , received 375 votes on the House floor last year. This measure would save taxpayers millions of dollars and would make the federal government a leader in reducing energy use at data centers which can be highly inefficient. 
I also appreciate that two amendments I offered at the Energy and Commerce Committee markup of this bill were agreed to by voice vote and are included in the Manager’s Amendment. The first would allow federal agencies to offer electric vehicle charging stations to guests and employees, a practice that is not currently allowed. The second would add transparency requirements to ensure that only critical infrastructure information is protected from FOIA requests, and that this designation is periodically reviewed to ensure this authority is not abused. These provisions are incremental but important steps toward promoting innovation and deployment of clean and energysaving technologies. 
about the rest of H.R. 8. With historic international climate negotiations currently underway in Paris, this socalled ‘‘comprehensive’’ energy bill does not include a single reference to climate change or promotion of renewable resources. This represents the squandering of an opportunity to put in place a 21st century energy policy for our country that promotes clean energy and reduces our dependence on the fossil fuel resources that cause climate change. 
H.R. 8 includes several controversial provisions that my colleagues and I opposed at Committee and that are also opposed by the Administration. For example, the bill contains unnecessary provisions to shortcircuit the review process for exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG). The current process, which requires the Department of Energy to ensure that all exports are in the public interest of the United States, is working and already has us on track to be the largest LNG exporter in the world within a decade. H.R. 8 also includes provisions that would require a shortsighted view of energy efficiency investments in building codes, and it would repeal the requirement that all new and remodeled federal buildings phase out fossil fuel use by 2030. Lastly, the Manager’s Amendment includes a highly controversial bill from the Natural Resources Committee that would limit public review and direct more natural gas pipelines to be built on public lands, including National Parks. 
Again, I appreciate the Chairman’s willingness to accept my bipartisan additions to this bill, but I cannot support this legislation and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M ACARTHUR ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia). The Clerk will 
the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 644 be instructed to agree to the provisions contained in subtitle A of title VII of the Senate amendment relating to currency manipulation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XXII, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) and the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. B RADY ) each will control 30 minutes. 
of my motion that will instruct conferees to include in the conference report language to combat currency manipulation from the Senatepassed version of H.R. 644. 
governments is one of the greatest challenges we face to creating the type of free and fair trade that will benefit all Americans from top to bottom and help us create more jobs right here at home. 
I, like so many others, am highly focused on helping our domestic manufacturers grow and create good, strong, middle class jobs. Since taking office, I have made supporting job creation and economic opportunity my number one priority, and our State’s manufacturers play an integral role in that conversation. 
already face so many challenges that make it more difficult to compete with foreign companies. From the lower cost of labor to limited environmental protections, our manufacturers must compete with foreign policies that lead to an uneven playing field. 
that competition even more difficult. Currency manipulation is when governments use monetary policy to devalue 
their currency, which makes their exports cheaper and foreign imports more expensive. 
most talented workers and the most innovative companies in the world, and we can compete and win despite these challenges. 
New Hampshire, I visited dozens of new manufacturing companies that are harnessing cuttingedge technologies, like precision manufacturing and healthcare technology, to revitalize the industry and create modern, 21st century jobs for our workers. We must support these American manufacturers by cracking down on unfair advantages overseas that hinder their success. 
playing field for manufacturers in New Hampshire and across the country by directing the Department of Commerce to slap duties on goods that have unfairly benefited from undervalued currency. This is the only provision in either customs bill that will effectively deter currency manipulation by our trading partners. 
Working to address currency devaluation has long enjoyed bipartisan support. In 2010, the House overwhelmingly passed legislation restricting currency manipulation by a vote of 348–79. Earlier this year, the Senate version of this legislation passed 78–20, in large part because of the critical language restricting currency manipulation. 
However, the version of this legislation passed by the House does not include the bipartisan provision that so many agree is crucial for limiting the ability of U.S. workers and businesses to compete more fairly with foreign companies and workers. 
that will spur job creation back here in the United States. When 95 percent of 
global consumers exist outside the United States, we have to find new markets for our manufacturers and other producers to grow and create more jobs here at home. 
But when U.S. manufacturers are already disadvantaged by foreign products that are subsidized by their home currency, it is difficult for them to compete both at home and abroad. 
And the impacts of this unfair manipulation are real. The Peterson Institute estimates that, over the past decade, at least 1 million and as many as 5 million jobs have been lost due to currency manipulation. 
Additionally, an analysis by the Economic Policy Institute estimates that by eliminating currency manipulation we can reduce our trade deficit by as much as $500 billion, leading to a substantial increase in GDP growth and helping our American economy thrive. 
expect to see roughly 13,000 new jobs as a result of an effective policy against currency manipulation. 
enough for U.S. workers, and that is why I am offering this motion today. Our workers are already competing 
with foreign companies that pay their employees a fraction of what U.S. workers make. We should do whatever we can to help make it less difficult for U.S. companies to compete globally. Adding this currency manipulation language to the bill before us today will give us the best chance to do that. 
Please join me in supporting my motion in support of American manufacturers. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the Motion to Instruct Conferees on H.R. 644. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
There is no question currency manipulation is a real problem, and I and many other Republicans are committed to fighting it. The bill that we are going to conference on includes strong currency provisions, thanks to the hard work of Representative MILLER  
passed a trade promotion authority legislation that, for the very first time, raised fighting manipulation to a primary negotiating objective and provides the administration more tools to tackle the practice. 
unilaterally levying tariffs, our trading partners will no doubt do the same, leading to a very dangerous cycle. This would undermine the very purpose of trade agreements: to break down barriers and to open economic freedom. More importantly, this would hurt American competitiveness and hurt our jobs. 
unilateral approach could cause the United States to be a target for retaliation by countries like China, harming our businesses and their employees, and risk putting the United States in violation of international obligations and out of WTO compliance. 
a letter to Congress stating that the administration would oppose legislation that would use the countervailing duty process to address currency undervaluation because it would raise questions about consistency with our international obligations and that it would be counterproductive to our ongoing bilateral and multilateral engagement as well as to our efforts to 
promote greater accountability on currency policies in the context of the TransPacific Partnership. 
unique responsibility as a world reserve currency. This type of measure puts our standing at risk. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
motion is the next step in fasttrack consideration of Asian trade agreements and perhaps other trade agreements. 
way they can sell this agreement to the American people is to rely on stealth as much as possible to hide the agreement, as they have, for as long as possible; and then, even at the present time, not to give full information about all aspects of this agreement, such as the alleged $18,000 tax cuts being provided foreigners, without indicating what tax cuts are available for Americans or what the effect of these tax cuts might be. And now, today, under this new, more inclusive House that we have heard so much about with the new Speaker, we are provided less than an hour’s notice for the fast trackers to strike again. 
bill to attempt to fix a defective fast track proposal, they have done so under a procedure that cut off all debate. We were not permitted to say a word about the customs bill as a whole, and the only way that we are able to comment about what is happening here at all is thanks to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire who has offered a nonbinding motion about one of the many questionable provisions in this customs bill. It is a very important provision concerning currency manipulation that allows some foreign trading partners to use their currencies and adjust them to get what they cannot do through normal trade procedures and greatly disadvantage American manufacturers and hurt American jobs. 
I applaud the gentlewoman’s consideration and offering of that amendment. Even though it will not bind the conference committee, it is a way for the House to speak out about that issue. 
But this is not the only flaw that exists in the customs bill. Indeed, the first provision included in this customs bill as passed by the House—ironically, brought up today, as countries with good will are struggling with the issue of how we address climate change in Paris—instructs that no trade agreements can obligate the United States with respect to global warming or climate change. 
So the bill that is being sent to conference, as approved in the House, is designed to prevent our acting concerning climate change, which is the great threat—perhaps one of the major national security threats, and certainly the greatest environmental 
threat of our time. We can see the effects all around us when we are not surrounded by climate change deniers, of which there are many in this House who refuse to accept science and prefer mythology and ideology to science. Hence, this provision in a bill in a trade negotiation that began considering ways to address climate change now has a prohibition against doing it. 
I voted for trade or supported trade with most of the countries that are in the TransPacific Partnership. One of those countries, however, believes in turning a blind eye to trading women, trading children, trading indentured workers, and that country is Malaysia. 
Until the last couple of months, Malaysia was in a category with North Korea and a handful of other countries as a country that was doing the least and had the worst record when it comes to human trafficking. So the United States Senate approved a provision to address that concern with Malaysia. And when that provision was in the Ways and Means Committee in markup, I specifically asked then Chairman RYANto ensure that we had 
any human trafficking amendment language from the Senate committee in this customs bill or in his TPP bill. 
course of that hearing that he would oppose truly conforming the House bill with the Senate bill because ‘‘it would make it more difficult to negotiate TPP,’’ this Asian trade agreement. 
our principles. I think it is possible to have more trade and support a 21st century trade policy without sacrificing our values as Americans. 
is a reclassification of Malaysia, all designed to get the trade there without getting Malaysia to do what it should about human trafficking, which I think is really tragic. 
Then there is the third issue addressed in this customs bill, and that is the question of enforcement. Of course, when it comes to protection of the environment, when it comes to standards so that we are not in a race to the bottom with our American workers versus foreign workers, say in Vietnam working for 60 cents an hour, this United States Trade Representative’s office has been asleep at the wheel. That is the name of a great Texas swing band, but it is not a very good policy when it comes to enforcing the law. Unfortunately, these enforcement provisions which are part of this customs bill leave it to USTR to proceed as it has in the past. 
I think, instead of going to conference, what we should be doing is going back to the drawing board in the committee, looking at the enforcement provisions, and asking why it is that, though it has had responsibility to enforce environmental and labor guarantees, it has not brought successful actions to accomplish either. 
environment, in addition to the climate change provisions, one of the most troubling developments as far as both climate and the environment is the question of logging in the Amazon region and other sensitive areas. USTR was charged with seeking audits of that logging and seeing that we acted under agreements that were approved during the Bush administration. It has failed to do so. 
going to conference is a mistake. I applaud the motion. I hope it is adopted, but it is tragic that we are moving in this direction. 
gridlock in Washington? The answer is found in the Constitution. The House of Representatives passes its best idea on how to solve a problem, the Senate does the same, and then you go to a conference committee to try to find common ground and to try to find solutions that advance the principles of both parties to try to solve big problems. 
was to start that open and transparent process of going to a conference committee and having representatives of the House and Senate, Republicans and Democrats, come together to try to work out these issues. The underlying bill passed the House and the Senate earlier this summer. There have been a lot of, I think, very healthy discussions between both Chambers and both parties in how we find common ground. 
conferees; but in truth, what we are seeking is that open, transparent, I think, constitutional process where we listen to the ideas of, for example, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), 
a member of the Ways and Means Committee whom I respect, where we listen to the ideas of Senate Republicans and Democrats and we, again, try to find common ground on a couple of things: one, how do we streamline the time and the cost and efficiency of America trading its goods as we work to sell America throughout the world, working through issues that were raised in trade promotion authority by both parties. 
We have got an opportunity at conference to discuss them. Then, hopefully, we will find common ground and bring that solution back to the House and to the Senate for final approval. This is simply what we are trying to do. 
after an issue we all agree on: currency manipulation. The key is to do it the right way so that it doesn’t boomerang on America but actually gets to this 
issue. We are going to have this discussion in the conference committee. 
for yielding, and congratulations on your motion to instruct. 
process, I do think it is important that, before there is a motion to go to conference, there be some notification to the minority; because there have been discussions underway about the customs bill for a long time, and no one on our side, including our leadership, was given any notice of the motion to go to conference today. I think that is a mistake, and I hope it won’t be repeated. I say that in good faith and with some good cheer. It is a bad precedent, and I hope it won’t be followed. 
Let me just say a word about currency. We have been working on this for years. We passed several bills through this House directly relating to currency, and it never became law. Instead, there has been interminable talk about doing something. So, finally, there was placed in the Senate bill the proposal of CHUCK SCHUMER . We have 
an almost similar bill in the House. What is happening here is, I think, that the House bill is going to eliminate the Schumer amendment. 
are essentially going to be back to where we were and have been for years. There are no teeth in the amendment that was proposed by my colleague from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ). There 
are no teeth in it. It is kind of all gums. The same is true of the other language in the Senate bill on currency, with all due respect. It just 
to add strength to what has been a weak structure, and essentially what happens now is, instead of further discussions, we are going to conference. I think it is now preordained that the Schumer amendment will be eliminated. It will be left with essentially empty language in terms of real strength to it. 
So I congratulate my very distinguished colleague from New Hampshire for not only bringing this up, but for your eloquence. We lost millions of jobs because of currency manipulation by Japan in the nineties and by China thereafter. The estimate is 2, 3, 4 million jobs. What more does this institution want? 
The House bill essentially added language to TPA that said that there must be assurance that trade agreements do not require changes to U.S. law or obligate the United States with respect to global warming or climate change. 
one of the days of the Paris conference, and we face the language in the House 
that eliminates any meaningful opportunity in trade agreements to address climate change. 
It may take me a little longer. I may 
have to ask for a minute, but I want to say something about our previous action. 
to Peru and the Amazon. Why? In part, because it was displacing people who were living there, but also because the Amazon conditions affect the climate throughout the Americas. 
were in place when we did May 10, we would not have been able to have that provision that is part of American law proudly. So we are headed in the wrong direction. 
human trafficking. The State Department reports on human trafficking in Malaysia are very clear. The ink could not be darker. That is that there has been massive human trafficking and, essentially, what the House language did was to weaken the proposal of Senator MENENDEZ . 
essentially did not face up to the realities within their own reports and moved Malaysia from tier 3 to tier 2 so that they could continue to be part of the negotiations. 
I don’t see how people can look in the 
mirror and not say to themselves that we have to take into account human trafficking. 
positive provisions within the Customs bill, but there are also these very difficult and I think, in some respects, dangerous, in the case of currency, worsethaninnocuous provisions because, in currency, it retreats from the little step of meaning that we were going to take. 
who is such a noble warrior on so many issues for bringing up this motion to instruct, and I urge strong support. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, Customs bills in the past have been positive. They have been useful in trade enforcement packages. 
has baked into this legislation harmful provisions that make the fasttrack law even worse. 
It fails to protect DoddFrank and financial regulations, consumer safeguards. It stops our trade agreements from doing anything to address immigration. It strips out provisions tackling currency manipulation, an abuse that is costing millions of Americans their jobs. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to 
the Peterson Institute. Listen to what they have to say, no leftleaning organization. It says that, as a result of currency manipulation, the United States has lost up to 5 million jobs. 
again? Why wouldn’t we make currency manipulation prohibitive, instead of using language that is not even in the bill, but in a forum that they have put together around the TPP that says that countries should refrain from currency manipulation, they should avoid currency manipulation? 
What do countries do when they manipulate their currency? They drop the cost of their currency. Their goods become cheaper. Our goods are more expensive. We don’t sell them abroad. 
with NAFTA. They talked about all the beautiful provisions, all the tariffs dropping, et cetera. When they devalued the peso, it was all gone. 
won’t be strong and tough because of the Senate language. But this is a good faith effort to deal with currency. 
But, in fact, the lack of currency enforcement here is going to cause ruination in terms of American jobs and it is going to lower their wages. And already Malaysia has devalued its currency, as has Vietnam. 
States from making commitments on climate change in trade agreements. My colleagues have spoken about this, provisions that are necessary to ensure that our trade policy does not negate our climate goals. 
know—200 countries assembled in Paris to look at how we bring some sanity to climate control and what we do. We have the President there. These efforts are more important now than ever, and we will be able to do nothing about dealing with the issue of climate. 
the already weak environmental obligation in our trade agreements. This bill contains no funding support for the enforcement and monitoring of our trade agreements. Lack of enforcement has plagued our trade deals for decades. 
U.S.Peru free trade agreement, the overwhelming majority of timber from Peru is illegally logged. Despite the labor rules in the Colombia free trade agreement, over 118 Colombian trade unionists have been murdered. 
Vietnam, one of the partners in this agreement, arrested labor activists. 118 Colombian trade unionists were murdered. Vietnam will not allow organized labor, and in the agreement they 
get a free pass for 5 years while our 
TPP, the largest free trade agreement of its kind in history. It does include countries like Vietnam and Malaysia, where labor and human rights abuses are rampant. 
My colleagues have talked about Malaysia and trafficking and forced labor. Where are the values of this Nation when we can take Malaysia that traffics in young girls and say that they have gotten better and they go from a tier 3 country to a tier 2 country just so that they can be part of this agreement? 
States of America? They are not present here. We can’t afford more free trade agreements without adequate enforcement. 
Worst of all, this bill weakens protection in so many areas. We are dealing, as I said, in trafficking. It is modern slavery. That is what that is all about. 
years and years for our government to include enforceable labor standards and enforceable environmental provisions, and it has fallen on deaf ears. 
my colleague thank you for doing this—should pass. It will pass tonight or tomorrow, but it really should not go to conference. There are so many flaws in the underlying bill and in the TransPacific Partnership agreement as well, and this should not go to conference. 
In fact, put a gloss on a piece of legislation that is one of the worst pieces of legislation that has hit this floor of the United States House of Representatives. 
yield myself such time as I may consume, and I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman from New Hampshire is prepared to do so as well. 
a complex issue. It is determined by a number of factors: how much a country saves, how much it invests, the strength of its economy, its trade flows in and out. It is a complex issue. 
and the White House find common ground is the desire that countries don’t manipulate their currency in order to give themselves an unfair trade advantage. 
about it. And because it is a complex issue, there are some very good ideas on all parties’ sides on how best to do that. 
This motion essentially says to forget those discussions and don’t have Republicans and Democrats from the House and Senate work together through this complex issue and find a common solution. This motion simply says to forget all that. There is only one solution, and we insist upon it. End the discussion. 
I don’t think that is the right way to 
go about it. I think, frankly, there are real serious concerns not just from Republicans, but from the White House on insisting on this one solution. 
and those who want to stop currency manipulation are better served by bringing our best ideas together in this conference committee. 
That is what the American public wants us to do, an open, transparent, regular process that brings about the very best solution for America. 
That is why I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
gentleman from Texas, I think that we do agree to part of this about the danger of currency manipulation and the millions of jobs that are lost here in our country. 
offer this motion to instruct the conferees to include in the conference report language to combat currency manipulation from the Senatepassed version of this bill. 
the comments of my colleagues because these are bipartisan issues. I have worked with my colleagues across the aisle on human trafficking, and I know that my colleagues share my values and are appalled at the egregious efforts that have gone down in Malaysia to traffic in young girls. 
are being expressed at this historic moment, as countries across the world gather in Paris to protect our society, our whole humankind, from the ravages of climate change. 
to support my motion. I will be asking for a recorded vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to instruct. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, recently, President Obama declared climate change to be the number one adversary of the United States. 
He has proposed wideranging regulations to fight this supposed enemy, regulations that not only drastically increase the scope of government but could only irreparably damage our economy. Today, we voted to reject those policies. 
While he concentrates on crony capitalism disguised as feelgood policies, our true enemy has grown in strength and struck one of our oldest allies. We know this enemy: a radical form of Islam that has sworn to destroy Western civilization, that abuses and enslaves women, that seeks victory through suicide attacks and terrorizing civilians. 
computer temperature models, to manipulated actual temperatures being rounded up to fit the narrative, and the resistance by government entities to reveal their methodology and internal biases show that, indeed, the debate on climate change is far from settled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the President to wake up, recognize that no nation should willingly choose to damage its own economy, as he proposes. It is time he recognized the United States’ responsibility to the free world and end the selfdestructive cycle that his policies would initiate. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
follow up on the eloquent 1minute speech by my friend, DOUG LAMALFA , 
that it is extraordinary to think that the President of the United States— some say he is the leader of the free world—would actually say publicly and, even worse, at a conference of world leaders that, in effect, the worst blow we could hit ISIS with is for the leaders to come together on climate change? 
It is hard to believe the leader of the 
free world would make such a statement. Maybe it was just something that was given to him to read and he read, maybe it was in a teleprompter, or maybe he didn’t have time to think about what he was saying. Because I 
have talked to too many people in all parts of the world who have dealt directly with radical Islamist terrorists, and they make clear that radical Islamist terrorists know nothing and respect nothing but power. Incredible. Just incredible. 
to bullies beating up and taking from smaller students on the playground and the teacher gathering all the students and other teachers together and saying, ‘‘I am going to teach the bullies a lesson by just ignoring them and 
reading you a lovely story from our library.’’ Who wouldn’t understand that the next day the bullies would be beating people up again and robbing again? It is incredible. 
event, a shooting in Colorado Springs. As a judge, a former judge, a former prosecutor, the man that did this needs to be punished. It is wrong, and no one should use any excuse to go in and shoot other people, whether it is an Islamic terrorist or whether it is a deranged, mentally unstable person thinking they have some kind of score to even with people they don’t even know, shooting people about whom they know nothing. 
News, about the three people killed in Colorado, FoxNews.com: 
shooting at a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic were identified by authorities and family members on Sunday. 
‘‘Jennifer Markovsky, 35, was accompanying a friend to the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood clinic when she was killed in the shooting rampage, her father told The Denver Post. 
Hawaii and met her husband, Paul, before the couple moved to Colorado when he was stationed here for the military. 
home in Hawaii that Markovsky was a kindhearted, lovable person with two children. 
‘‘The second civilian killed was identified as Ke’Arre Stewart, 29, Amburh Butler, a lifelong friend and family spokeswoman told the Associated Press. 
‘‘Butler said that Stewart was accompanying someone to the clinic, and leaves behind two girls, 11 and 5, who live in Texas. 
Fourth Infantry Division and was deployed to Iraq, where Butler said he would often send her letters describing the horrors he saw on the front lines. 
was, how many guys he watched die. It was terrible for him,’ Butler told the Associated Press. The Army stationed Stewart at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs in 2013 before he was discharged from the military the following year. ‘He went someplace where people expect to die, only to come back . . . and be killed.’’’ 
guy, he would take a bullet for you. He was the most sincere person I’d ever met.’’ 
were confirmed by officials, who said a full identification would be provided once autopsies were completed Monday. 
Swasey, who worked as a police officer at the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs, and was called to assist with an active shooter at the nearby clinic. ‘‘Swasey was married with two children and a copastor at Hope Chapel, where he was remembered Sunday by parishioners who watched a video of him ice skating. 
confirm that the man who will be charged with the tragic and senseless shooting that resulted in the deaths of three people and injuries to nine others at Planned Parenthood’s health center in Colorado Springs was motivated by opposition to safe and legal abortion,’ Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountain CEO Vicki Cowart said.’’ 
does not appear to be official. And it always seems if it works better—for example, I would hope that the President has learned by now that he shouldn’t give opinions about shootings until he knows more about them. Don’t condemn a policeman when it turns out 
the policeman was entirely justified because, by doing so, you help stir up and divide this Nation that needs to come together. 
When I was a prosecutor, when I was a judge, I wanted to know motive. I wanted to know what caused people to do what they did. 
what they do. They think that that is contributing to the caliphate. If they happen to die, just as Thomas Jefferson was told—it was reported that Jefferson asked why the Barbary pirates kept attacking American ships when they weren’t a threat to that Muslim area. He was reportedly told, ‘‘We believe we go to paradise if we are killed while we are fighting infidels like you.’’ 
So we know what motivates most Islamic terrorists. Either they think they are going to go to paradise—what a surprise they are going to get—or they think they are contributing to bringing the world under a totalitarian domination by one theocrat, like the Ayatollah Khamenei or alBaghdadi, who is head of ISIS. 
rearview mirror, unfortunately, once again, the President, in front of a massive group, spoke without thinking about what he was saying. 
teleprompter again and he just hadn’t thought about what he was reading to the public, maybe somebody put something in front of him, or maybe he was talking off the cuff and hadn’t really thought about what he was saying. 
dated today, says, ‘‘While giving a press conference in Paris, President Barack Obama told reporters that the mass shootings that plague the United States just never happen in other countries. ‘With respect to Planned Parenthood, obviously, my heart goes out to the families of those impacted,’ Obama said in response to a reporter’s question. ‘I mean, I say this every time we’ve got one of these mass shootings; this just doesn’t happen in other countries.’’’ He is in Paris, France, where they 
have just buried one of the 130 people, mostly from mass shootings. I mean, they probably just finished the funeral services for the victims of the Islamic terrorists, and the President says in front of the world so insensitively that these shootings, like the three people in Colorado Springs, never happens in any other countries, as he is standing in a country where it just had 130 people killed, mainly in mass shootings. 
majority of the 130 deaths were in mass shooting attacks, where the ISISaffiliated terrorists attacked public places with automatic rifles. Nearly one hundred people alone were killed in just one mass shooting at the Bataclan Theater.’’ 
victim of a terrorist attack targeting the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The Al Qaedaaffiliated terrorists wielded assault rifles, killing 11 innocent people.’’ That was in Paris. 
11 people with Charlie Hebdo, the publisher of the magazine, that those 11 people, it says here, were innocent. But, obviously, again, a leader of the United States, our Secretary of State, John Kerry, addressed on video for the world to see this issue and basically was saying we can understand why the Charlie Hebdo people were killed. 
I mean, for goodness’ sake, those people used the idea that they had the freedom to speak any way they wanted to; and, apparently, radical Islamic terrorists were insulted, even though the President has said repeatedly and John Kerry has said repeatedly and Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly, and continues to say, that these terrorist attacks by radical Islamic terrorists have nothing to do with Islam. 
Well, that is a headscratcher, because if the terrorist attacks on Charlie Hebdo had nothing to do with Islam, then why did John Kerry think there may have been some justification for Islamic terrorists to kill these satirists, these magazine employees, because they said something offensive about Islam? If it wasn’t about Islam, then why were the terrorists killing these magazine employees because they said something about Islam? That is a headscratcher. 
media is saying about the Colorado Springs shooting and we look at what people in the mainstream media, whether it is ‘‘The View’’ or other places, talk about, yeah, Hitler was a Christian. No, he wasn’t. And, yeah, McVeigh, was a Christian. Well, I am sure that would be a surprise to him. He seemed to brag late in life about being agnostic. Hitler certainly wasn’t a Christian. 
and John Kerry are right that, gee, we need to worry as much about Christians—actually, our State Department 
we need to worry more about Christians than we do about Islamic terrorists, even though there is no indication that the Colorado Springs shooter was a Christian. 
Speaker, no matter what he says his religious affiliation is, he certainly was not a Christian, because he certainly was not following the teachings of Christ. The Bible makes clear that we are known by our fruits, and if he has gone in and killed other people in this way, illegally, then he is certainly not following the teachings of Christ. He is not part of the government. There is no justification. There has been no trial. 
the effects of the lawlessness of this administration, having had whistleblowers come to me, lawabiding, moral, ethical people you want to know. We have seen that the Justice Department will go after and destroy any honest, moral, ethical whistleblower that may reflect poorly on the administration. We have seen reports of the acting inspector general at Homeland Security changing IG reports. We get word that in the intelligence community reports have been changed from truth to something that would not make the administration look bad, reports now coming out about, and apparently former intelligence leader Flynn talking about this, how the truth that was coming from intelligence in 2012 did not match up with this administration’s reelection campaign so they just changed the reports. 
I mean, what effect does an administration lying and being lawless have on what traditionally has been a majority lawabiding country? Can it create helplessness, a feeling, or a need that perhaps we need to take the law into our own hands? I would tell anyone that is never justified. You do it through lawful means, through the government. Of course, Thomas Jefferson might say otherwise. 
law of the land, the Federal administration governing, ruling over the country, required by the Constitution to follow the laws that have been passed by Congress and signed by other Presidents, this President may not agree with and he just disregards the laws, say, on amnesty, disregards the laws about governing the EPA, so they just make up new regulations, and you just create 79,000 pages of new regulations as if you are a dictator in chief? I mean, if, hypothetically, that were happening, what effect would it have on people who believed in having a law abiding country when the administration over the country becomes so lawless? It seems surely it would create a feeling of desperation. 
whistleblowers who had that feeling. What do you do? I can’t go to the Justice Department with the truth about what is going on because they will prosecute me. They will destroy my 
family. I will never be able to make a living again. I have seen what they do to whistleblowers who just want the administration to be honest and follow the law. What do you do? Where do you go? 
is not to Russia to give away our utmost secrets because that is treason, but it is bound to be mitigating when an administration makes it so tough to just come forward and state the truth. 
We found out that this administration had known about General Petraeus’ affair for most of a year, but they waited until General Petraeus was in a position to destroy the election possibilities, reelection possibilities for President Obama, and they flowed out about the affair they have known about for most of the year, and he is destroyed. They prosecute him because apparently, as I understand it, he provided a calendar to his biographer and searched as they might for anything that they could hang around his neck of being a lawless activity. As I understand it, they found something in his calendar that could have been said to be classified, so he agreed to plead to that. 
And we find out yesterday there apparently have been 1,000, around 1,000 Hillary Clinton emails so far that contain classified information. If Chuck Colson gets a year and a half for having information he is not supposed to, Petraeus’ life, his livelihood, is ruined because they are finally able to find something that might have been classified that he pleads guilty to having turned over to his biographer. How long do you get for doing that a thousand times? I am just asking, Mr. Speaker. 
were true what President Obama, John Kerry, and Hillary Clinton keep saying, that you should not say anything negative about the terrorists who claim to be Islamic and who say, Praise be to Allah, ‘‘Allahu Akbar,’’ and then they kill innocent people, you can’t say anything that that is related to radical Islam because that only makes matters worse. Well, if they really believe those things they have been saying, and if it were even true, and if Homeland Security is right that we need to worry about evangelical Christians or people that belong in the authority of the United States Constitution, then shouldn’t the President, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry, be worried that they are going to stir up another crusade by besmirching and maligning Christianity and Christians as routinely as they do, saying these Christian terrorists are so bad or pointing out we have got bad Christians, we have got the Crusades? 
to commit violence as people who say they are Islamic terrorists or jihadists, then I am just asking, Mr. Speaker, wouldn’t that indicate that the President, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry are actually going to be responsible if a 
Christian goes and does something violent? I mean, using their own logic, if they are out there running down Christians as a threat to violence while saying you can’t say anything negative about radical Islam and a Christian has done something wrong, well, if you are saying we stir up radical Islamic terrorists by talking about them, then wouldn’t you be responsible if you—generic indefinite ‘‘you’’—be responsible for saying bad things about a Christian if a Christian then does something violent? I am just asking, applying the President’s own logic or lack thereof. 
by Kyle Becker that said, after the tragic Charleston shooting that left nine Americans dead, President Obama said the following: ‘‘But let’s be clear: At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency.’’ 
so ago, and he says it again now, while he is in Paris, where 130 people were just killed in a mass attack. 
ago, and it actually charts it. And it reads, ‘‘Since most statistics on mass shootings in the world compare apples and oranges by not correcting for population, let’s get a chart that makes sense, shall we?’’ Between 2009 and 2013, the author goes through and charts. 
be occurring. As someone who has looked a defendant in the eye and has ordered him to be taken and held by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice until he is put to death and has signed the order requiring a multiple murderer or a kidnapping murderer torturer be put to death, I know every life matters. Every life matters. Every little baby who is cut up and sold for parts matters. 
the Planned Parenthood videos and not only not be offended or finding those grotesque and inhumane but actually having the Department of Justice stand ready to be the criminal defense firm for Planned Parenthood and stand by Planned Parenthood in these alleged horribly egregious violations of humanity? Would that invoke helplessness? It shouldn’t invoke anybody to violence, but could it? 
Becker, between 2009 through 2013— these are rampage shooting fatalities per 1 million people—Norway had 15.3, Finland had 1.85, Slovakia had 1.47, Israel had 1.38, Switzerland had .75, and the United States had .72. 
Even one is too many, and the perpetrator should and must be punished. But if someone has committed crimes in Planned Parenthood, shouldn’t we have an administration that believes in enforcing the laws and in at least doing 
was said in the videos were true, which certainly indicated orally that there were apparent crimes committed? 
life matters, not just the Black lives that are needlessly taken by a White person, but every Black life matters no matter who takes the life. 
This article from the Chicago Tribune reports, ‘‘Holiday toll: 8 killed, 20 wounded over Thanksgiving weekend.’’ It seems rather callous. 
killed, including a 16yearold boy, and at least 20 others were wounded in shootings over the Thanksgiving weekend in Chicago, an increase over last year as the number of gunshot victims rose above 2,700 for the year.’’ 
Chicago, when Chicago has such strong gun control laws in place? How could that be? Is it possible that having the toughest gun control laws, like Washington, D.C., has had, doesn’t stop violent murders? 
have the strictest gun control have become murder capitals? It certainly appears so in Chicago and in Washington, D.C. 
first victims of the long holiday weekend. He was shot in the head a few minutes before midnight just west of Kedzie Avenue on Van Buren Street in East Garfield Park, about a block from his home. 
and fired at Dunnin. He was pronounced dead at the scene. 
‘‘Four other people were wounded between 3 p.m. Wednesday and 2:30 a.m. Thursday. 
‘‘Two men were killed and four others were wounded from 1:20 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day to 3:15 a.m. Friday. 
two people, including a 14yearold boy, were wounded between Friday afternoon and early Saturday morning. 
Saturday into Sunday, when three men were fatally shot and at least four other people were wounded. 
‘‘Father of three, home for the holidays, dies in Back of the Yards shooting. 
early Monday, an eighth person was killed and six other people were wounded. 
‘‘The toll during last year’s Thanksgiving weekend’’ in Chicago ‘‘was 5 killed and 14 wounded. That included a fatal shooting inside the Nordstrom’s store on North Michigan Avenue.’’ 
on gun control that certainly his former chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, would have in place in Chicago since he has such power to effectuate the passage through the city leaders of ordinances for tough gun control, how could this be? The number of homicides is 444. ‘‘So 
far this year, there have been at least 2,740 shootings in Chicago, up more than 400 from the same time last year. The number of homicides is 444, an increase of 42 from last year.’’ That is tragic. 
November 23, 2015, reads, ‘‘Anyone who would use terror as an excuse to subvert the Second Amendment should be tarred and feathered.’’ A rather interesting position. 
November 2015 reads, ‘‘In his inaugural speech at the COP21 climate change summit in Paris, President Obama acknowledged the terrorist attacks that occurred in the city earlier this month, but warned his fellow leaders not to be distracted from focusing on the looming threat of global warming.’’ 
‘‘What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it.’’ 
the Islamic jihadists are infecting upon the world and talking about climate change—and, obviously, I mean, most thinking people know it is called ‘‘climate change’’ now because ‘‘global warming’’ hasn’t really been supported for many years now, and, certainly, it is not provable that it was manmade. 
have it four times a year in east Texas, where I live, so I know climate change is a fact. We know that the weather normally works in cycles. 
Resources Committee who knows a great deal about the climate, and I asked him, is it true that planet Earth had to have been warmer during the days of Leif Eriksson’s crossing the North Atlantic when the Norse came to Greenland? Is it true that planet Earth was warmer then? It turns out, according to his testimony, the planet was much warmer then. 
fuel, what kind of carbon emissions those Norse boats were putting into the atmosphere, but I guess you would have to figure those Norse must have really been putting out some pollution from those ships with the sails on them to have created a warmer planet back then than we have now. 
in the Daily Wire entitled, ‘‘Five Reasons Obama’s Climate Change Agenda is Dangerous—’’, and part of the words are blacked out after that. 
One reason he has highlighted is because ‘‘we have no idea to what extent the Earth is warming.’’ And he sets out some data and facts there, resources there or other. 
human activity causes climate change,’’ and I would add ‘‘if any.’’ 
change’’ now because the data did not support the ‘‘global warming’’ that was 
being used in a fearmongering fashion to scare people. By changing from ‘‘global warming’’ to ‘‘climate change,’’ that would allow them to say in the seventies, as they did, that we are at the beginning of a new ice age and then 30 years later say that we are heading toward cataclysmic global warming that will destroy all life on planet Earth. 
that seems to be inexplicable to scientists and after the release of private emails and information from the University of East Anglia some years back, it indicated data was being manipulated so that it reflected things that weren’t true about socalled global warming or climate change. 
no idea how much climate change impacts human life.’’ It has discussions and references there. 
what level of dedevelopment would be necessary to maintain our current climate.’’ 
carbonbased fuels and capitalism—is the problem.’’ He writes, ‘‘The left is in an allout war with the two greatest forces for fighting poverty in history: cheap, carbonbased energy and capitalism. 
of the Industrial Revolution economic model seem to forget that that economic model, boosted by carbonbased fuels, have led to a massive drop in global poverty; in 1990, 1.9 billion people lived under $1.25 per day, as opposed to 836 million in 2015. That’s because of the dominance of capitalism and the increased efficiency of technology. It’s certainly not because of governmental environmental regulations. 
out their theory that we can maintain our current standard of living while hopping in a time machine back to less usage of carbon, without reference to market efficiencies. This is foolishness. We have time machines; they’re called airplanes. Folks on the left ought to fly to countries where people don’t have coal or oil or natural gas or free markets, and watch them burn cow chips for heat to see how lovely and natural that lifestyle actually is. 
How many people will have to suffer or die globally because of them isn’t really the issue. After all, to question him would make us ’cynical,’ he assures us. If cynicism means saving lives, then perhaps we all ought to be cynical of his worldconquering, unscientific, redistributionist nonsense.’’ 
Going back to February 7, 2015, an article from Christopher Booker from The Telegraph titled ‘‘The fiddling with temperature data is the biggest science scandal ever,’’ he said: ‘‘Two weeks ago, under the headline ‘How we are being tricked by flawed data on 
Homewood, who, on his Notalotof peopleknowthat blog, had checked the published temperature graphs for three weather stations in Paraguay against the temperatures that had originally been recorded. In each instance, the actual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cooling trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming. 
‘‘This was only the latest of many examples of a practice long recognised by expert observers around the world—one that raises an ever larger question mark over the entire official surface temperature record. 
Homewood checked a swathe of other South American weather stations around the original three. In each case he found the same suspicious oneway ‘adjustments.’ First these were made by the U.S. government’s Global Historical Climate Network (GHCN). They were then amplified by two of the main official service records, the Goddard Institute for Space Studies (Giss) and the National Climate Data Center (NCDC), which use the warming trends to estimate temperatures across the vast regions of the Earth where no measurements are taken. Yet these are the very records on which scientists and politicians rely for their belief in ‘global warming.’ 
‘‘Homewood has now turned his attention to the weather stations across much of the Arctic, between Canada (51 degrees W) and the heart of Siberia (87 degrees E). Again, in nearly every case, the same oneway adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or more higher than was indicated by the data that was actually recorded. This has surprised no one more than Traust Jonsson, who was long in charge of climate research for the Iceland met office (and with whom Homewood has been in touch). Jonsson was amazed to see how the new version completely ‘disappears’ Iceland’s ‘sea ice years’ around 1970, when a period of extreme cooling almost devastated his country’s economy. 
‘adjustments’ was exposed in 2007 by the statistician Steve McIntyre, when he discovered a paper published in 1987 by James Hansen, the scientist (later turned fanatical climate activist) who for many years ran Giss’’—or the Goddard Institute for Space Studies— ‘‘Hansen’s original graph showed temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since. But as Homewood reveals in his blog post, ‘Temperature adjustments transform Arctic history.’’ 
temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since.’’ 
is partly because the ‘vanishing’ of its polar ice (and the polar bears) has become such a posterchild for those trying to persuade us that we are threatened by runaway warming. But he chose that particular stretch of the Arctic because it is where ice is affected by warmer water brought in by cyclical shifts in a major Atlantic current—this last peaked at just the time 75 years ago when Arctic ice retreated even further than it has done recently. The icemelt is not caused by rising global temperatures at all. 
however, is the way this wholesale manipulation of the official temperature record—for reasons GHCN and Giss have never plausibly explained—has become the real elephant in the room of the greatest and most costly scare the world has known. This really does begin to look like one of the greatest scientific scandals of all time.’’ 
might be possible that there is a mainstream media reporter out there—with the New York Times, Washington Post, ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, one of those that have lost so many of their viewers and readers—that might someday, against all of the criticism like Galileo got and others received, pick up that mantle and do a true investigation from a mainstream media outlet, facing the belittling and the criticism of all of the Chicken Littles that are in the mainstream media currently and actually gather accurate data, show the fraud, show the wasted money, show the lost lives, show the suffering by running up the price of energy so high, and show just what Christopher Booker talks about as he finished his article. This really does begin to look like one of the greatest scientific scandals of all time. 
Limbaugh once said, ‘‘Follow the money.’’ Many others have said it. If you hear someone saying, ‘‘Let’s bring Syrian refugees in’’ when we know there is no adequate data to be assured of who they are, where they are really from, follow the money. See if they are part of those dividing up the 1 billion plus dollars being paid to people to bring refugees into the United States. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, when this administration goes about driving up the prices of energy as it has, despite its best efforts, gasoline prices came down. The last I saw, they had dropped their approval of production from Federal land to about 40 percent of grants that had been approved during the Bush administration’s 8 years. 
by this administration. They are siccing the EPA now with these new regulations on the oil and gas industry, which will ultimately—if they are successful and Congress isn’t able to stop them as we should, the price of gasoline will skyrocket as the President said he wanted coalproduced power to skyrocket. 
As one of my senior citizen constituents had told me—I think she said she was 80—she was born in a home that only had a woodburning stove. Because of the way the cost of energy has gone up, she is worried that she may leave this world in a home that only has a woodburning stove. The trouble for her is, if this administration has its way, she can’t have a woodburning stove even. 
going up as dramatically as this administration has forced it and you realize that doesn’t really hurt the rich in America to have higher prices for energy. It does hurt business. It absolutely does. It means they can’t give raises because they are spending that money on higher bills. So people are not keeping up with what they should. 
Then we found out during this administration the unthinkable occurred, and the President even admitted it on camera. For the first time in the history of this country ever, after this President’s policies had been fully implemented for 5 years, 95 percent of the Nation’s income went to the top 1 percent. 
much about helping the middle class and helping the poor, has presided over policies that have made the rich—put them in a position where 95 percent of income is going to the top 1 percent. It had never happened before this President’s policies, which have made life difficult for people in America. 
all the cronyism, crony capitalism, General Electric and all those friends of the President. I am talking about the distance between the rich and the poor has gotten farther with fewer people in between. That is tragic. 
warming conferences. Just watch. Follow the money. They hope to leave with an agreement by the United States that will punish American residents and cause them to have to pay more taxes that will be paid to countries around the world. 
warming climate change conferences because they think the President is going to do what he is hoping to do and start sending checks from the American taxpayers to all of these other countries, places where their policies have stifled growth or they don’t have the energy we do. How about sending them some energy? Send them some coal. They will be far better off. 
remind that you don’t have to pay people to hate you. They will do it for free. We don’t have to be sending that money overseas. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as Western Europe strains with more than 1 million refugees fleeing war in the Middle East and enduring terrible conditions, I rise tonight to address another growing humanitarian crisis in Eastern Europe, in Ukraine. 
and again what happens when it fails to support innocents caught by fate under the brutal grip of war and oppression. Today that reality looms largely over Europe and surely over Ukraine, a nation of freedomseeking people under siege outnumbered and outgunned due to Russia’s invasion on Ukraine’s eastern front. So Europe in the western end as well as the eastern faces major displacement and humanitarian needs not seen since World War II. 
their own path, and surely America, with our moral leadership, can find a way to help the beleaguered people of Ukraine survive the siege and the onset of a bitter winter, with climates that can be unforgiving, with temperatures falling as low or more than 25 degrees below zero. 
Ukraine accessing to the free world. If one looks at the size of Ukraine in Europe, imagine if Ukraine could access to be part of greater Europe. That is all held in abeyance now and also risks millions more potential refugees fleeing from Ukraine to Western Europe for sustenance and more. 
to address the growing humanitarian crisis in Europe, not just on the western end, but on the eastern end in Ukraine. This is a challenge that can be met. America has done this before. The humanitarian need in Ukraine is immediate and growing. 
this growing crisis by the major religious leaders of Ukraine from all confessions, representing, imagine, nearly 90 percent of the faithful of Ukraine. These denominations include Baptist, Pentecostals, Muslims, Reformed Church, the Lutheran Church, Jewish religious organizations, Evangelicals, the Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Ukraine, the Ukrainian Bible Society, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, the Armenian Apostolic Church, the SeventhDay Adventists, the Christian Evangelical Church. It is a very, very long list. 
I am going to read this in the RECORD  
as well as place it in the R ECORD . This 
was sent to President Obama. A delegation, over this last month, from Ukraine, of its top religious leaders presented the Obama administration with a request. Let me read it. 
Ukrainian Council of Churches and religious organizations and representing Ukraine’s diverse religious community, appeal to you on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humanitarian catastrophe, Mr. President, gripping our country. The needs are enormous, ranging from medical supplies to 
They are willing to take used shoes from the United States of America. 
‘‘While the global news media regularly reports on Russia’s war against Ukraine, government reforms and financial challenges, there is rarely any mention of the extraordinary dimensions of the human suffering caused by Moscow’s aggression. While Ukraine certainly needs greater military, financial, and political assistance, our focus here, as religious leaders, must be on the humanitarian aspect. 
United Nations, over 5 million people’’—5 million—‘‘including 1.7 million children, are in desperate need of humanitarian assistance.’’ 
shows pictures of just a few of these children. 
17,000 have been injured and wounded. There are over 1,390,000 displaced people, including 174,000 children.’’ 
has been in a bomb shelter since the time of his birth. 
‘‘The challenges of this human tragedy are overwhelming. Even the most conservative estimates show that over 65 percent of projected needs have yet to be met—even on the level of pledges. 
community, we witness on a daily basis the challenges and needs of people suffering because of this war. And with the onset of winter, an already dire situation will only get worse. We pray for their lives and for the future of our country. 
‘‘While we are grateful for the assistance provided by the United States Government to date, we know that the need is so much greater. Thus, we appeal to you,’’ President Obama, ‘‘to increase assistance and to activate the full potential of the National Guard State Partnership Program and the Partnership for Peace as instruments for alleviating the humanitarian catastrophe. One of the stated goals of the Partnership for Peace is to ‘provide a framework for enhanced political and military cooperation for joint multilateral crisis management activities, such as humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping.’ Ukraine was the first postSoviet country to join the Partnership for Peace in 1993. 
‘‘In addition to the assistance provided by the US government, we, during our travels throughout the United States, have come to personally witness the great generosity of the American people expressed through numerous spontaneous initiatives to ship medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine. 
They are begging. ‘‘The people of Ukraine need to know 
that they are not forgotten in their time for need. The instruments anticipated by the National Guard State Partnership and Partnership for Peace programs will allow the American people to more effectively and rapidly access and deliver already available medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine—literally within days. We each represent distribution networks’’—through their various religious confessions—‘‘that cooperate with each other; we now ask for the resources to meet the growing human needs. 
‘‘We pray that God grant you guidance, wisdom and bless you and the great American nation. God bless the United States and Ukraine. Sincerely.’’ 
this moral imperative. The United Nations has reported that 2.6 million Ukrainians have been displaced by the current conflict in eastern Ukraine—so unnecessary—because of Russia’s invasion. A staggering 5 million Ukrainians currently need humanitarian survival assistance. 
came to Washington. I said: What are you finding? 
Kharkiv. We need shoes, even used shoes, for the children. 
need receive any assistance at all. If Russian aggression were to trigger a flight of these Ukrainians westward, it would also add to the dangerous, destabilizing stress to Europe’s already stretched refugee services as a result of what is happening with the immigration and refugee resettlement from the Middle East. 
contained. According to a recent report by Refugees International, approximately 2 million Ukrainians live close to the ceasefire lines separating Ukrainian and Russianbacked forces. 
It is hard to see some of these pictures that are on this chart, but what they basically show are bombedout buildings, bridges that are completely destroyed, old women living in buildings where there are no roofs or windows in eastern Ukraine, children living in bomb shelters, and people just, unfortunately, killed because of Russian shelling. 
A Ukrainian and Russian peace settlement likely will take a while, but another 2 million people are living under control of Russianbacked forces. The basic needs of these civilians go unmet daily. Shockingly, most international aid work has been suspended there, and there are hardly any news stories about this. Aid workers have been ejected from regions that are called Luhansk and Donetsk by the Russianbacked fighters. 
Some refugees, torn from their villages and towns, have managed to stay in Ukraine and survive even after being driven from their homes by violence. How they are doing this, I simply don’t 
are overwhelming the already limited resources of Ukraine’s local governments, which are already stretched thin by Russia’s invasion. These 1.5 million internally displaced Ukrainians lack durable housing or jobs to pay for food or support their families. 
the value of their currency has just plummeted. Everything is so much more expensive. How people are making it, I simply don’t know. 
We often talk about refugees in abstract numbers. But inside these numbers are the stories and faces of individuals. I just wish people could see the eyes of these parents looking into the future that is so uncertain and so daunting. 
zones are being born under conditions that most Americans couldn’t even imagine, never having lived without the imminent threat of death or loss. Many risk becoming stateless, as they have been unable to receive birth certificates, passports, and school certificates. In looking into the eyes of children, I am again reminded of the urgency of this crisis. 
with the Ukrainian crisis, let us recall the nations of the European continent remain America’s most enduring allies in liberty. To not measure up to meet the current internal challenge for Europe is to walk away from liberty’s call at freedom’s edge in our time. 
eastern regions face a daunting set of challenges. Roads leading to Ukrainians trapped in separatistheld areas are difficult to navigate. There is a photo here. I mean, they are walking across rubble, down very steep embankments. 
routes are now scarred by the ravages of war. Roads and bridges have been completely destroyed. On roads running through conflict areas, Russian backed fighters require registration by any humanitarian group seeking access to the region. Can you imagine? Can you imagine what life is like there? 
group allowed to even enter the Russiancontrolled areas of Ukraine. Even the U.N. was prevented from delivering aid to eastern Ukraine for 3 months as people suffered. And then on November 9, just a couple weeks ago, the U.N. was finally able to deliver a convoy of nine trucks carrying vital aid to the city of Luhansk, including 10,000 blankets, 10,000 towels, 5,000 buckets, and a similar number of jerricans and plastic sheets, cement and timber for shelter repairs, and other winterization need and domestic items. That was to one town, and it did not completely serve their enormous needs. 
said: ‘‘This is a small drop in the ocean of needs . . . in these conflictaffected areas.’’ Can you imagine, millions of people 
displaced but only 10,000 blankets? Millions of people, 10,000 blankets. 
also faces obstacles. There is a shortage of medications that treat critical and common diseases. 
of Donetsk by Russian operatives, Dr. Bart Janssens, director of operations at Doctors Without Borders, said the following: ‘‘We are almost the only organization providing treatment for tuberculosis in prisons, insulin for diabetic patients, and hemodialysis products to treat kidney failure. Thousands of patients suffering from chronic, potentially fatal diseases will now be left with little or no assistance.’’ 
real time. What will the world do? What will the United States do with so many storehouses of used clothing, used blankets, or anything to help sustain life there? 
As temperatures fall across that region, shelter assistance has to be delivered quickly to people living in buildings without windows, without doors, without roofs, and, most often, without heat. Thousands of displaced people need warm blankets, winter clothing, and shoes, as well as coal and heating fuels. 
If the free world fails to act, it must 
prepare for the reality that, come spring, we will discover more elderly who are dead, more who are ill, more children who have fallen into illness and have probably died, simply cut off from assistance, who succumbed to starvation and the cold, needlessly adding to the over 8,000 who have already lost their lives in this Russiandirected invasion. 
one of supporting freedom and economic stability across our world. Let me remind you that in a 1947 speech laying out what would become the Marshall Plan for Europe following World War II’s devastation, warweary America stood the test of liberty. 
statesman, a general, and then Secretary of State, General George C. Marshall, observed the dire postwar economic conditions in Europe. And despite America’s exhaustion from World War II, he urged American involvement and support of European recovery, noting that: 
should do whatever it is able to do to assist in the return of normal economic health in the world, without which there can be no political stability and no assured peace.’’ 
as they did to Western Europe after World War II. 
‘‘Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine but against hunger, poverty, desperation, and chaos. Its purpose should be the revival of a working economy in the world so as to 
permit the emergence of political and social conditions in which free institutions can exist.’’ 
must take the lead in their own rebuilding and that America’s role should be a supporting one. 
and look at the films of the brilliant airlift from World War II and see what this country did. This crisis is not commensurate with what happens after World War II, but we have a model. We know what to do; we know how to do it. Why aren’t we doing it? 
statements from three religious leaders who are begging the United States of America and its President to pay particular attention to the humanitarian needs of Ukraine: remarks by Patriarch Filaret, Ukraine Orthodox Church; the Archbishop of Ukraine, Sviatoslav Shevchuk, the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church; and also Rabbi Yaakov Dov Bleich, head of the Jewish faiths that have presence in that country. 
Dear Friends, we just met with the staff of 
President Obama. We have handed him a letter signed by leaders of AllUkrainian Council of Churches and International Organizations of Ukraine leaders of different religious denominations of Ukraine. First of all, I want to emphasize that the AllUkrainian Council of Churches represents 85% of Ukraine’s residence. So our statement is on behalf of all those people. 
What is that letter about? We are discussing how the humanitarian aid that has been collected for the Ukrainian people here in the United States can be delivered to Ukraine. And we are asking President Obama to implement certain provisions of the Partnership for Peace program. 
Ukraine is defending democracy and freedom for the whole world. If Ukraine had accepted Russia’s offer and desired to pull it into the Eurasian Union, there would be no war, but Ukraine would have lost its democracy and freedom—it would have become a totalitarian state. 
The United States is the leader of democracy and freedom in the world. And, today, Ukrainians are giving their lives for this democracy and freedom. So do Ukrainians deserve such support from the United States and Europe in standing against Russian invasion and totalitarianism? I think Ukraine does deserve that. 
This is why we are making this request for 
help. We are asking to help deliver the humanitarian aid that the people of the United States have already collected. And we are also asking to increase the levels of assistance of multisided assistance. 
has not stopped—it only went down in intensity. Putin has diverted the world’s attention by going into Syria—this does not mean that he has given up on Ukraine and military warfare may erupt in Ukraine with new strength anytime. So we are asking—please, help. We are giving away our live and you give us the resources, including the humanitarian assistance. 
TRANSCRIPT OF THE SPEECH BY MAJOR ARCHBISHOP SVIATOSLAV SHEVCHUK AT THE NATIONAL PRESS CLUB ON NOVEMBER 9TH2015 
Dear Friends, I speak on behalf of Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, which is present in Ukraine and worldwide. I would like to convey to you good news from Ukraine. 
united as never before in its history. You see that righteous society of Ukraine, The Council of Churches and Religious Organizations, which represent 85% of the citizens of Ukraine, are united. Different religions, different churches, religious denominations, but we are the heart of Ukrainian civil society, and we are together. 
The second good news is that we did not 
have a civil war in Ukraine. We are facing the foreign aggression against Ukraine. And again, that aggression is a catalyst of Ukrainian unity. Seventy percent of the soldiers who are defending free and independent Ukraine are Russianspeakers. And I think this very important sign, that even those who are in the occupied territories, as Rabbi Bleich mentioned, are not supporting war. Even people in Russia will not support a war. It is why Putin is trying to be silent about that the Russian troop and its presence on Ukrainian territory. 
The third good news from Ukraine is outstanding solidarity. Today, we have more than two million refugees in Ukraine. But international society, until now, could only help four hundred thousand refugees. But what is happening to the rest? Their Ukrainian fellows are helping them. But our resources are short because economic crisis is striking us in Ukraine. Nevertheless, we are united in our desire to rebuild, to transform Ukraine. 
together are fighting against corruption, because corruption it not only political issue, is a deep moral issue. It is a part of the post Soviet mentality. But we all together are trying to reform and transform the very heart of Ukraine. To transform the interpersonal relationships, because corruptions strike those kinds of relationships between person in Ukraine. But, nevertheless, we are here to be a voice of the millions who are suffering the biggest humanitarian crisis in Europe after the Second World War. 
now did not declare the state of the humanitarian emergency in Ukraine. Until now we’ve received an answer that this is a political quest. Nevertheless, Ukraine needs worldwide international support, especially in order to solve the humanitarian situation in our country. So it is why we are here—to speak on behalf of those millions who will suffer terrible winter in few months. 
But we have a hope in Ukraine. You know, 
politicians will come and go, presidents will come and go, all political visions will change, but Ukraine will remain, churches will remain. And today we are building our future fostering the reconciliation and cooperation between the nations. 
interest in what’s going on in Ukraine. It is important for us in Ukraine to know that it’s not only politicians that get together and talk about Ukraine, but that it interests civil society too. 
First of all, the message comes from a coalition called the Council of Churches and Religious Organizations of Ukraine, which is a very unique organization anywhere in the world probably, where the Heads of all religions in the country get together and work for the benefit of all of the people of the 
people to people. We spoke today with politicians because they can do things we can’t do. But we can do a lot more than they can. We feel that civil society has an obligation to try help and do what they can. We come together with other NGOs in the United States trying to make things happen, change things. And I want to point something out: the help that we may get paying for transportation of containers of aid that was collected here to send to Ukraine is very very symbolic. The money is not the most important thing. 
people in the United States care about what’s happening in Ukraine, they understand the war. 
The need for help in Ukraine is a direct result of a democratic choice, a choice that the people of Ukraine made. They want to be a part of the western family of nations. They want democracy, they want to be free, they want to be a part of Europe, they want to live like people in the West live. Because of that they are suffering, and it’s important for people in the United States to know that the front of the war between democracy, democratic life and brutality, communism, putinism, that front is taking place now in Eastern Ukraine. That fight, which is a fight of entire world for democracy, is taking place right there. It’s not only a fight for Ukraine, not only a fight for Ukraine’s freedom, it’s a fight of freedom over putinism. This is our message. 
sacrifice themselves for their freedom. People who are sacrificing their lives on the front are not sacrificing for their freedom, they are sacrificing for the freedom of their country, for freedom of their people, for freedom of all peoples throughout the world to have that democratic choice, to choose how they want to live, and to be able to live the way we take for granted here, in the United States. 
signed a decree for organizing a committee for the 75th anniversary of Babij Yar. This is important! We don’t have to talk about this now, but a year and a half ago we were still trying to counteract the propaganda that was coming out of Russia about the fascism in Ukraine and the antiSemitism, which is a bunch of baloney. Basically, we won that war. 
Ukrainian Government and Ukrainian people today are not fascists and antiSemites, they are just people who want to live free, democratically, but part of that is that Ukrainian Government also coming through and showing time and again, proving as much as possible, as many times as possible that Ukrainian people are united no matter what ethnicity, no matter what their background, what their religion is. They want to be free, they want to be democratic. Even the Russianspeaking people want to be free. That was part of the failure of Putin in the east that he didn’t have the support. He doesn’t have the support of the people in Donbas to become a part of Russia. They are not interested in becoming a part of Russia. They want to be free as well. Everyone wants to be free. 
more than just a moral and strategic duty to the sovereign people of Ukraine. Twenty years ago, the United States, Ukraine, the Russian Federation, and the United Kingdom came together to sign the Budapest Memorandum. This agreement reaffirmed the common commitment of those signatory nations ‘‘to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of Ukraine.’’ And in return for that promise of protecting those borders, Ukraine dismantled its vast nuclear weapons complex, the third largest in the world. 
Ukraine did what it promised, but what about the other signatories to that agreement? 
appears to be a hollow promise. It comes as little surprise that Russia would break that promise, but it disappoints me to no end that the free world, led by the United States of America, seems reluctant to honor its promises to take a more effective role as a coalition of nations and civil society organizations to help Ukraine stand on its own in the face of internal carnage perpetrated by Russia. 
in Europe, General Philip Breedlove, a man who knows an enormous amount about that continent, recently expressed his deep concern that our focus has been pulled away from Russia’s proxy invasion of Ukraine. ‘‘Folks have taken their eye off of Ukraine a little bit because of Syria,’’ he said. 
similar to how the world lost focus on the Russian invasion of Crimea, which the United States still considers Ukrainian territory, after Russia invaded eastern Ukraine and triggered the current war. 
Ukraine has fluctuated, but skirmishes continue and Ukrainian territory remains under Russian occupation, with no withdrawal in sight. 
Ukraine’s need last year, just about a year ago, with the Ukraine Freedom Support Act—legislation we fought hard to pass and which most of our colleagues voted to support. However, conditions continue to worsen. 
for Human Rights of the Council of Europe acknowledges that the fighting in the east, which began in the spring of 2014, has resulted in extensive damage to schools and medical facilities, leaving the local population increasingly dependent on outside aid. Assistance is needed to meet basic needs and access to clean water, which is a problem already for 1.3 million Ukrainians at a minimum. 
Two weeks ago, I sent a letter to Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland to call for the United States to work with the Ukrainian Government and Russia to restore access to humanitarian workers and to allow aid to proceed. 
access to—and this is in working with the religious leaders of Ukraine across confessions for these items—winterization activities, including blankets, quilts, kerosene, heating stoves; direct 
groups to help them help others; water pumping station equipment to prevent freezing; electrical repair kits and tools; coal; batteries; clothing; and everyday necessities, including medical equipment, basic and specialized medicines, emergency medical kits, shoes, socks, long underwear, coats, mittens, hats; redevelopment assistance, including economic aid and tools as well as equipment to repair homes, bridges, and roads. 
They don’t even request new material. They just request help. I just think to myself, how much is thrown away in landfills across this country, items that still have good wear and good possibility? How much is thrown away at construction sites? And what we can do to help the people of Ukraine? These items are more than just objects to the people of Ukraine. They are life itself right now. 
The people of Ukraine want desperately to stand on their own, access to the European continent, and to govern themselves in the light of liberty. I have seen it in their eyes. Let us help them weather this terrible storm now when they need it most. 
America could lead the Berlin airlift after World War II in those old, tired planes, sending goods to the people of Europe, to the people of Western Europe, and to give them hope and sustenance, you mean to tell me that the America of the 21st century can’t figure this out, especially when Congress has put money in the budget of the Department of Defense and the Department of State to carry this out, working in cooperation with organizations across this great land? 
Last month, the AllUkrainian Council of Churches and Religious Organizations, a globally unique comingtogether of diverse religious faiths which represent 85 percent of the Ukrainian population, presented President Obama with a letter I referenced earlier, appealing on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humanitarian catastrophe gripping that Nation. 
Each is a daily witness to the challenges and needs of the people suffering because of this unnecessary, brutal war, where over 8,000 have already been killed; 17,610 wounded—that was a figure as of October—2.6 million people internally displaced; 5 million in need of aid, including 1.7 million children, and one in five homes of displaced families damaged or destroyed. Surely, the free world can figure this out. 
I do have to say a word about this. A 
few weeks ago, I stood here in Washington with many distinguished Ukrainian leaders, including the First Lady of Ukraine, Maryna Poroshenko; His Holiness, the Patriarch of Kyiv and All Rus’Ukraine Filaret; and my dear friend and fellow Ukraine Caucus cochair, Congressman SANDER LEVIN of 
Michigan, to dedicate a memorial here in our Nation’s capital to the 1932–1933 Soviet Union’s forced starvation of between 2.5 million and 7.5 million Ukrainians whose names are lost to history forever. 
doing this humanitarian lift to Ukraine because, frankly, no place on Earth suffered more in the last century from brutal tyranny than did Ukraine. Perhaps something is owed to those sacrificial people for what they endured and for the spark of liberty that still breathes so strongly in their hearts and minds. 
forced famine, called the Holodomor, I am reminded of the importance of teaching about the cost of liberty, the need to fight for it, and the legacy of that sacrificial people. 
better guard against any oppressive regime that would seek to rule over any people, for, at that time, our Nation failed to reveal and respond to that ongoing brutality of forced starvation in Ukraine. Had the free world acted then, we might have changed the fate of millions, but that did not happen. 
past. America must act with dispatch to support the freedomloving people of Ukraine. Time and again, in moments when the world has found itself at a crossroads, American leadership and action has made the difference. 
others in this effort to save the children, to save the families, to save the people of Ukraine, and, in doing so, to let liberty march forward. We must do the right thing for our brothers and sisters in liberty. America must act, and we must act as leaders. Ukraine is waiting. The world is waiting. 
United States and the Obama administration to do what is necessary and achievable to meet the growing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, to relieve the unnecessary suffering of their people, and to prevent a gigantic refugee crisis from spilling over and impacting European stability. 
could not be here tonight for this Special Order, supports these efforts. His formal statement includes the important role that the people of southeastern Pennsylvania have played in keeping a focus on Ukraine and this ongoing tragedy and what the United States of America can do at very little cost to the people here by the mobilization of the hearts of the American people to provide humanitarian assistance to help save Ukraine in our own time and day. 
of the All Ukrainian Council of Churches and religious organizations, and representing Ukraine’s diverse religious community appeal to you on behalf of the people of Ukraine to help address the humanitarian catastrophe gripping our country. The needs are enormous, ranging from medical supplies 
to everyday items such as food, water, and clothing. 
While the global news media regularly reports on Russia’s war against Ukraine, government reforms and financial challenges, 
there is rarely any mention of the extraordinary dimensions of the human suffering caused by Moscow’s aggression. While Ukraine certainly needs greater military, financial and political assistance, our focus here must be on the humanitarian aspect. 
As you know, according to the UN, over 5 
million people, including 1.7 million children are in desperate need of humanitarian assistance. 8,000 people have died and over 17,000 have been injured and wounded. There are over 1,390,000 displaced people, including 174,000 children. The challenges of this human tragedy are overwhelming. Even the most conservative estimates show that over 65% of projected needs have yet to be met— even on the level of pledges. 
As representatives of the interfaith community, we witness on a daily basis the challenges and the needs of people suffering because of this war. And with the onset of winter, an already dire situation will only get worse. We pray for their lives and for the future of our country. 
provided by the United States government to date, we know that the need is so much greater. Thus, we appeal to you to increase assistance and to activate the full potential of the National Guard State Partnership Program and the Partnership for Peace (PfP) as instruments for alleviating the humanitarian catastrophe. One of the stated goals of the PfP is to ‘‘provide a framework for enhanced political and military cooperation for joint multilateral crisis management activities, such as humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping.’’ Ukraine was the first post Soviet country to join the PfP in 1993. 
the US government, we, during our travels throughout the United States, have come to personally witness the great generosity of the American people expressed through numerous spontaneous initiatives to ship medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine. 
people of Ukraine need to know that they are not forgotten in their time for need! The instruments anticipated by the National Guard State Partnership and Partnership for Peace programs will allow the American people to more effectively and rapidly access and deliver already available medical and humanitarian supplies to Ukraine—literally within days. We each represent distribution networks that cooperate with each other; we now ask for the resources to meet the growing human needs. 
We pray that God grant you guidance, wisdom and bless you and the great American nation. God bless the United States and Ukraine! 
Antoniuk Valery Stepanovich—Chairman of the Union, Senior Bishop, All Ukrainian Union of Churches of Evangelical Christians—Baptists; Panochko Michael Stepanovich—President of the Union, Senior Bishop, AllUkrainian Union of Christians of the Evangelical Faith—Pentecostals; Ablaev Emirali— Chairman of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Ukraine, Mufti Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Crimea; Ahmad Tamim—Head of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Ukraine, Mufti of ZanFabian Alexander—Head of the Consistory of the SCRC, Bishop, Transcarpathian Reformed Church; Sergey Mashevskyy— Bishop, German Evangelical Lutheran 
Bleich—President of the Association, Chief Rabbi of Kyiv and Ukraine, Association of Jewish Religious Organizations of Ukraine; Peter Malchuk—Head of the Commission on the Relationship Between State and Church; Raichynets Vasiliy Fedorovich—Senior Pastor, Union of Free Churches of Christians of Evangelical Faith of Ukraine; Macarius (Maletich)—Primate of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church Metropolitan The Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church; Commandant Grigory Ivanovich—President, Ukrainian Bible Society; Sviatoslav (Shevchuk)—Archbishop, The Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church; Marcos (Oganesyan)—Bishop, Ukrainian Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church; Vyacheslav Horpynchuk— Bishop, Ukrainian Lutheran Church; Onufry (Berezovsky)—Metropolitan Ukrainian Orthodox Church; Filaret (Denisenko)—Patriarch Filaret, Patriarch of Kyiv and All RusUkraine, Ukrainian Orthodox Church Kiev Patriarchate; Nosov Stanislav Viktorovich—President, The Ukrainian Union Conference of SeventhDay Adventists; Padun Leonid Nikolaevich— Senior Bishop, Ukrainian Christian Evangelical Church. 
objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days within which to revise 
and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD  
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, Ms. KAPTUR , for organizing this 
Special Order this evening and bringing this important alliance with Ukraine to the forefront. 
a critical role in the cultural fabric of Southeastern Pennsylvania. 
meet with Ukrainian Ambassador to the United States Valeriy Chaly and reaffirm our support for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and freedom of Ukraine. 
vital to our national security interest and we must continue to foster strong bilateral relations as Ukraine continues to face threats to its status as a sovereign nation. 
So long as Russia continues to pose a destabilizing force at Ukraine’s borders and supports rebel groups in Eastern Ukraine, Congress and the Administration must remain steadfast in our support for the Ukrainian people and their freedom. 
the commitment set forth in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 to provide Ukraine with muchneeded military aid, both lethal and nonlethal. 
last December has been delivered. Further, a recent article in the Washington Post noted that the quality of the U.S. supplied gear, including Humvees, is ‘‘little more than junk’’— there is barely any protection on the windows and doors—while the nonlethal military aid provided to protect Ukraine military forces is obsolete. 
allies deserve better. In an effort to keep our nation safe and to 
provide assistance to our allies, the National Defense Authorization Act was recently signed into law. This includes an authorization for $300 million in military aid, including lethal, to support Ukraine. 
H.R. 955, that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide assistance (including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a defensive nature, logistics support, supplies and services) to the military and national security forces of Ukraine through the end of the next fiscal year. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to act 
on this legislation in an expeditious manner and bring it to the Floor for a vote. 
frontlines defend their freedom and sovereignty without meaningful support. The Administration must follow through on our word. 
organizing tonight’s special order and her unwavering dedication to Ukraine and the UkrainianAmerican community. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 2, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3586. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — SnapperGrouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
the Workforce. H.R. 3459. A bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 355). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 189. A bill to extend foreclosure and eviction protections for servicemembers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–356). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Conference report on H.R. 22. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Rept. 114–357). Ordered to be printed. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3016. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs; with amendments (Rept. 114– 358). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 542. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves (Rept. 114–359). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for lowrevenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 4140. A bill to provide for a onetime 
supplementary payment to beneficiaries of Social Security and Veterans benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Transportation and Infrastructure, Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4141. A bill to ensure that tax return 
preparers demonstrate minimum standards of competency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4142. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to increase the authorization of funds for trade adjustment assistance for firms; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
admission to the United States of refugees from countries containing terroristcontrolled territory; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 4144. A bill to provide for a supplementary payment to Social Security beneficiaries, supplemental security income beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
General of the United States to conduct a study of, and report to the Congress on, secure gun storage or safety devices; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of Education to provide grants for education programs on the history of the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4147. A bill to apologize for the treatment of Italian Americans during World War II; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , 
aid in the prevention and treatment of obstetric fistula in foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Water Pollution Control Act with respect to citizen suits and the specification of disposal sites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4150. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a fulltime basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 4151. A bill to amend chapter 2003 of 
title 54, United States Code, to fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund and provide for the use of such funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DEUTCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. Z ELDIN ): 
H. Con. Res. 100. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress regarding the right of States and local governments to maintain economic sanctions against Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
of Tennessee, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K ING 
years of diplomatic relations between the United States and Romania; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President should submit any binding and universal agreement on climate change adopted at the Conference of the Parties (‘‘COP21’’) of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to the Senate 
as a treaty under article II, section 2, clause 
2 of the Constitution; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 548, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this constitution in the govenunent of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 4141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 4142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 4143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4145. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to: 
H.R. 4146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 4147. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
may determine the rules of its proceedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member. 
H.R. 4148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes 
H.R. 4149. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4150. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4151. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 188: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 775: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. 
H.R. 879: Mrs. L OVEand Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 999: Mr. S CHRADER and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 1061: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. A GUILAR , 
H.R. 1076: Mr. D OLD, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
NORCROSS , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1145: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. N OLAN . 
MCCAUL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. B LACK , Ms. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 1763: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T ONKO , 
H.R. 1942: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
H.R. 2460: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2515: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. K USTER , and 
H.R. 2612: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2640: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 2880: Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
H.R. 2903: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. R IBBLE . 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
H.R. 3316: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M EEHAN , and 
H.R. 3326: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 3339: Mr. F ATTAH and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 3399: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3459: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3539: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 3591: Mr. D OLD and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 3632: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 3742: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
H.R. 3808: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B UCK, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. KILDEE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. 
H.R. 3841: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 3845: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
H.R. 3863: Mr. S ANFORD and Ms. L OFGREN . 
PEARCE , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
H.R. 4000: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
H.R. 4032: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
H.R. 4055: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. Pascrell. 
H.R. 4068: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Ms. J ACKSONLEE. 
H.R. 4085: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. R ANGEL, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H.R. 4087: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 4135: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. 
H. J. Res. 47: Mr. H UFFMAN . H. J. Res. 74: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mrs. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. R OYCE , Mrs. L OVE, and Ms. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia 
H. Res. 534: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
BEYER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H. Res. 540: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. S ERRANO , 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 8, North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, by Representative Upton Michigan, or a designee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8197 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2015 No. 173 