pleasure when neighborhood groups in my district pick incredibly deserving community members to fill important positions of prominence. This year, the planning committee of the Eastchester Irish American Social Club (EIASC) has outdone themselves with the selection of Stephen and Kathleen Huvane as Honorees of the annual Eastchester St. Patrick’s Day Parade. 
Bronx natives, with families who immigrated to America searching for a better life. Stephen’s parents came from the counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland, while Kathleen’s came from County Kerry. 
received his B.S. in Computer Science and Engineering, while Kathleen earned her B.S. in Nursing from the College of Mt. St. Vincent. Today, Kathleen is a Registered Pediatric Nurse at the Eastchester Pediatric Medical group, and Stephen works at Purdue Pharma LLP. 
community, especially the EIASC, of which they have been members for over 16 years. They are also five year members of Swazi Legacy, a notforprofit that helps marginalized and homeless young people in Swaziland. Today Stephen and Kathleen live in 
Eastchester, where together they have raised four wonderful children; Kaitlin, Eilish, Stephen, and Kieran. They are active members of various school functions and fundraisers, in addition to Stephen’s work on the EIASC St. Patrick’s Parade Committee, which he has been a part of for the past 10 years. 
As this year’s St. Patrick’s Day Parade approaches, I want to congratulate Stephen and Kathleen for their selection as Parade Honorees, and thank them on the occasion for all they have done to better our community. 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Verna Teller, a remarkable woman whose steadfast political leadership and tireless civic activism has had a lasting impact on the people in her community. 
In March of each year, we celebrate Women’s History month to honor women who have made invaluable contributions to their communities and the world. Verna is one such woman. Verna has never tired of fighting for the community she loves. In the face of gender discrimination, Verna ushered in a new era of leadership, becoming the first female governor of Isleta Pueblo in 1987. By spearheading passage of a constitutional amendment requiring tribal leadership positions to be elected, as well as fighting to make tribal council meetings more open and accessible, Verna ensured that women’s voices were not only heard but amplified within the Pueblo community. 
continued to serve Isleta Pueblo as Chief Justice, President of the Tribal Council, and council member. Under her watchful guidance, Isleta Pueblo became the first tribe in the United States to assert their right under federal law to establish water quality standards to protect their community. 
for the Native PeoplesNative Homelands Southwest Initiative, a project sponsored by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to examine the effects of climate change on Native Americans. As Project Director for Tribal Tobacco Health, Education and Outreach, Verna helped develop cancer prevention programs through Indian Health Services, the Centers for Disease Control, and the American Cancer Society. She also ran a consulting business, ATV Enterprises; served as a member of the All Indian Pueblo Council; was named ‘‘Indian Woman of the Year;’’ and has received numerous other accolades. 
It is astonishing to think of all that Verna 
has accomplished in her life. In the face of adversity, discrimination, and uncertainty, Verna’s determination to lead her community 
never faltered. As Eleanor Roosevelt once said: ‘‘We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face—we must do that which we think we cannot.’’ Verna’s enduring legacy of community development, service and sacrifice will continue to be an inspiration for future generations of young women. 
commemorate the 27th Anniversary of the horrific Sumgait Pogroms. On February 27, 1988 organized mobs of Azerbaijanis aimed at killing and driving Armenian Christians living in Sumgait from their homes. Police allowed the pogroms to go on for 3 days, during which Armenians were burned alive and thrown from windows. 
history and sadly, this event sparked further violence as Armenians would be targeted less than 9 months later in Kirovbad and again in Baku in 1990. 
continued to undermine prospects for a lasting peace in the Southern Caucuses, recently they were reported violating the ceasefire and killing several Armenian soldiers on the border. 
people of Nagorno Karabakh have fought and died for their independence and held open and transparent elections, a tradition of democracy that the United States should honor and respect. 
ethnic violence, I join with Armenians in Rhode Island, and across the world in remembering these victims and renewing our commitment to justice, independence and finding lasting peace. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the story of America is the story of men and women emigrating from foreign lands to make a better life for themselves and their families. Joseph Houlihan’s success, a result in part of the sacrifices his great grandparents made in coming to America from county Kerry in Ireland, is exactly what that American story is about. 
Iona College with a degree in Business Administration, followed suit, earning a CPA before commencing his own real estate career. 
Sales Group at Houlihan & O’Malley Real Estate Services in Bronxville, Joe has had tremendous success. His work has been recognized by the Hudson Gateway Association of Realtors, where he won the Diamond Award for sales over $15,000,000, while also receiving the Westchester County Five Star Real Estate Agent Award on several occasions. 
Outside of work, Joe is an active member of 
St. Joseph’s Parish in Bronxville, and the Eastchester Irish American Social Club (EIASC). He has also been on the Board of Trustees at the School of the Holy Child in Rye, and currently resides in Fleetwood with his beautiful wife, Anna Filipkowski, and their three incredible daughters, Kasia, Julia, and Emily. 
This year, the EIASC selected Joe to be the 
Grand Marshal of the annual Eastchester St. Patrick’s Day Parade. Joe was shocked and amazed by the nomination, a testament to his humble nature and belief that you work hard not for accolades or adulation, but simply to improve your life and the lives around you. 
For all he has accomplished and all he has done to improve the community, I can’t think of a better honoree to be Eastchester’s St. Patrick’s Day Parade Grand Marshal. Congratulations to Joe and to the entire Houlihan family on this honor. 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DOCHIKI CIVIC AND SOCIAL CLUB, INC. 
today to honor the 75th anniversary of the Dochiki Civic and Social Club in Newport News, Virginia. 
was founded on March 15, 1940 by eleven businessmen gathered at the Odessa Barber Shop located at 29th Street and Chestnut Avenue in Newport News. Two years later, the name of the club was changed to ‘‘Dochiki,’’ a word of Chinese origin meaning love and friendship. The founders of the club were Homer Hines, Ward Bridgeforth, Virgil Evans, B. C. Anthony, Oliver Hawkins, James Hawkins, Harold Heath, James Jones, Irving Thomas, Robert Whitney, and Howard Ovelest. 
and in 1948 they relocated to a room above a club member’s garage which they nicknamed ‘‘Alley Inn.’’ As membership increased, the club leased larger space to accommodate its growing membership, and, on August 7, 1952, the club purchased property at 2705 Chestnut Avenue in Newport News, where it still meets today. In addition to this property, the club has acquired additional property along Chestnut Avenue through donations of club members, including Cornelius Glover, which allowed the club to significantly expand its facilities. Today, the club occupies much of the 2700 block of Chestnut Avenue and includes numerous amenities, such as a 300 seat ballroom, a commercial kitchen, restroom suites, office space, recreational and storage areas, lounges, a 24seat bar with adjacent kitchen, a locker room, and ample parking, all of which are accessible for individuals with disabilities. The club offers its facilities for use free of charge to many community groups and has also served as the Chestnut Avenue voting precinct for many years. 
socialize, debate politics, and enjoy sports, women have also played an active role in the club for much of its history. In 1960, the Dochiki Wives Auxiliary, Inc. was established to compliment the men’s club and support its educational, social, health and civic projects targeted at aiding charities, youth programs, and senior citizens. 
Civic and Social Club has been actively involved in the Newport News community providing outstanding civic, social and philanthropic leadership to their fellow citizens. The club has raised tens of thousands of dollars for local charities, youth programs, and senior citizen projects. It has also strongly encouraged all of its members and fellow citizens in the community to be actively engaged in the electoral process. 
Today, the club’s membership includes businessmen, educators, elected officials, members of the military and other professionals throughout the community, all of whom are devoted to supporting and improving the Newport News community through active civic engagement. 
Civic and Social Club on their 75th anniversary and I thank them for all that they have done to make Newport News a better place to live, work, and raise a family. 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lela Kaskalla, a passionate woman who has remained steadfast in her commitment to support economic growth and cultural development in her community. 
for women across the globe; it was International Women’s Day, a time when we come together to remember the progress that women have made and recognize the many firsts that have opened doors for younger generations of female leaders. It made me think of Lela Kaskalla, who in 1996 became the first woman elected governor of Nambe Pueblo. 
tirelessly to defeat antitribal legislation that proposed a tax on tribal gasoline distribution and went on to become the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) recording secretary. Lela’s presence made an immediate impact, and she was instrumental in NCAI’s 54th annual meeting in Albuquerque. 
the importance of a strong, united community. In an interview with the Albuquerque Journal she explained: ‘‘You don’t do much standing 
alone, but together you can do more.’’ Lela’s passion, commitment and ability to build a coalition around a common cause caught Governor Gary Johnson’s attention. 
to the New Mexico State Fair Commission, where she later became Vice Chair of the State Board. Whether it is through Lela’s active engagement with the Nambe Women’s Group and the Northern New Mexico Community College Pueblos Institutes, her time as a member of the board of directors for the Indian Pueblo Cultural Center/Indian Pueblos Marketing, Inc., or in her current role with the Branch of Administration for the Bureau of Indian Affairs at the Northern Pueblos Agency, Lela’s commitment to tribal communities in New Mexico has never wavered. 
example for other women in New Mexico. It reminds me of the progress women before us have made in our nation’s history, and in particular, the large, white, roughhewn statue of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and Lucretia Mott that sits in the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. It is a striking figure featuring the faces of the three revolutionary women, carefully etched and chiseled into the unfinished block of marble. The unfinished composition represents the unfinished work left with respect to equal rights for women. With the help of leaders like Lela right here in New Mexico we can, and we will, finish that work. Lela’s commitment to her community will continue to be an inspiration for future generations of young women. 
thrive when hard work, dedication, and sacrifice are set by voluntary example. Hattie L. Lucas’s actions embody these ideals for her community in Coop City. 
Carolina. Her family decided to relocate to New York City when Hattie was six years old, living in both Manhattan and Brooklyn. Eventually, Hattie settled in Coop City in the Bronx, where she has lived for 40 years. 
Coop, serving the NYC Department for the Aging, Coop City NORC Advisory Board, and the Bronx Preparatory Charter School Parents Association Executive Board. She also has been active in her church, Coop City Baptist Church, the Dreiser Retirees, and the Coop City NAACP. Hattie has also been an outspoken supporter of our young people through the Youth and Community Affairs Committees. 
hard to receive a Bachelor’s degree from Mercy College, and a Master’s of Social Work from Fordham University. 
to her work at the City of New York, where she served for 35 years. She was admired for her efforts with the Human Resources Administration, Health and Hospital Corporation, and as Director of Advocacy at the Administration for Children’s Services. 
As dedicated as she has been to the community, Hattie’s true pride is the family she’s raised in the Bronx, including one son, six grandchildren, and four greatgrandchildren. She also raises her 17yearold granddaughter, Ashley. Following Hattie’s retirement from the City, 
she became the Program Director of the Co op City Grandparent Connection Program. The program, under her leadership, grew into a necessity for her neighborhood; becoming the largest relative caregiver programs in New York City, which includes a myriad of services for deserving grandparents, adolescents, and 
After retiring in November 2014, Hattie continues to volunteer and use her sharp skills for her Coop City community. It is an honor to join the JASA Grandparents Connection in celebrating Hattie on her retirement. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday, March 16, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 public bills, H.R. 1353–1364; 1 resolution, H. Res. 149, were introduced.
H.R. 284, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require State licensure and bid surety bonds for entities submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisition program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–38, Part 1); 
H.R. 876, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–39, Part 1); and 
H.R. 887, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambulatory surgical centers in determining meaningful EHR use, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–40, Part 1).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Comstock to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Peter Frank, Church of the Epiphany, Herndon, Virginia.
Leader’s appointment of the following individual to the Congressional Award Board: Mr. Romero Brown of Acworth, Georgia.
Communication from the Clerk of the House: Read a letter from the Clerk wherein she transmitted notification that Porter J. Goss, David E. Skaggs, Judy Biggert, Jay Eagen, Karan L. English, Allison Hayward, Belinda Pinckney, Michael D. Barnes, Omar Ashmawy, Kelly Brewington, William H. Cable, Helen Eisner, Mary K. Flanagan, Scott Gast, Bryson Baird Morgan, Paul Solis, and Nate Wright, have each signed an agreement not to be a candidate for the office of Senator or Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress for the purpose of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 until at least 3 years after he or she is no longer a member of the board or staff of the Office of Congressional Ethics. Further, the Clerk notified the House that copies of the signed agreement shall be retained by the Office of the Clerk as part of the records of the House.
Representative Schiff wherein he notified the House that he is taking a leave of absence from the Committee on Appropriations, effective immediately. 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H1629–30. 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:06 a.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
to hold hearings to examine Federal improper payments and errors in the Death Master File, 4 p.m., SD–342. 
Services and General Government, hearing on Office of Management and Budget budget, 3 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
entitled ‘‘The Power of Legislative Inquiry—Improving the VA by Improving Transparency’’, 7:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD274 March 13, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, with the filing deadline for firstdegree amendments at 5 p.m. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the 
nominations of Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation, and Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E323, E323, E324 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E323 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E323, E324 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E324 