Thursday, on the campus of Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon, nine innocent men and women lost their lives. They were killed, as so many have been this year in communities across our country, because a person with evil in their heart was able to get his hands on a gun. 
mass shooting that we have seen in 2015, more than any other country in 
the world. So far this year, we have mourned nine parishioners who were killed during Bible study at their church in Charleston, South Carolina; two women who were killed and nine others who were injured at a movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana; and a local television reporter and her cameraman who died covering a story outside Lynchburg, Virginia. 
victims of gun violence. Their deaths have garnered less media attention, but they too deserve to have their stories told. 
than 10,000 people have died and more than 20,000 have been injured during an incident that involved a gun. Each day an average of 92 Americans are killed in an incident involving a gun. 
supervisor of a food market in Houston who was killed by a disgruntled employee; a 21yearold father of two in Louisville; and a 23yearold man and an 18yearold woman who were killed outside New Orleans during a driveby shooting. Altogether, nearly 1.5 million Americans have lost their lives to gun violence since the year 1970. 
every one of my colleagues in this Chamber has spent much of the last few days thinking about and praying for the victims in Oregon and their families. I know I have. 
and prayers aren’t good enough, not for those who have already been killed and not for the 92 Americans who are going to lose their lives today, tomorrow, and every day until we do something. 
back the innocent men, women, and children who have been killed or heal the families that have been torn apart. Thoughts and prayers are no excuse for inaction and cowardice in the face of powerful special interests. It is on all of us to do better than 
thoughts and prayers. It is long past time to take actions to reduce the threat of gun violence and to do all we can to protect our constituents from the ravages of this epidemic. 
Earlier this year I introduced a package of three bills to get to the core of our country’s problem with gun violence by focusing on keeping guns from children, criminals, and those who are severely mentally ill such that possession of a firearm would pose a threat to themselves or others. 
Dangerous Individuals Act, H.R. 2917, requires that States provide information to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System on individuals who are committed to a mental institution or make a threat of violence to a mental health professional that demonstrates that this individual would present a danger to himself or others if armed with a gun. 
H.R. 2916, ends the practice by which Federally licensed gun dealers who lose their licenses for misconduct can convert their entire inventory to a ‘‘personal collection’’ in order to liquidate it without conducting background checks on their customers. Under the law, such dealers could transfer their inventory only to other properly licensed Federal gun dealers. 
Con. Res. 59, to support the goals of National ASK Day, which falls on June 21 each year. National ASK Day encourages parents to ask other parents whether their children are playing in a house with an unlocked gun. 
In the United States, 1.7 million children are in homes with loaded, unlocked guns. This initiative is supported by Head Start, the American Public Health Association, and the American Academy of Pediatrics. 
have introduced, I have also cosponsored the Large Capacity Ammunition 
largecapacity magazines and Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act to prohibit individuals suspected of ties to terrorist organizations from purchasing a gun, and H.R. 2380 and H.R. 3411, which fix our broken background check system. 
improve public safety in this country, a country that sees its citizens die at the hands of a loaded gun 297 times more than in Japan, 49 times more than in France, and 33 times more than in Israel. 
Any one of these rational, commonsense proposals would immediately make life safer for men, women, and children in cities and towns across America; yet, we are going to sit on our hands because Republican leaders would rather genuflect before the National Rifle Association than do anything that could help save the lives of thousands of Americans. 
a major bill to prevent gun violence was November 10, 1993, when the House approved the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act and President Clinton signed it into law. 
Mr. Speaker, I will end by saying I do 
not know what it will take for us to finally take action. But I do know what I will do. I will continue speaking out every week on the floor of this Chamber until we get something done that makes our communities safer and honors the lives of all the victims who have lost their lives in this country to gun violence. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. 
wrote on the board that it has been 1,510 days since the President said that Syria’s Bashar Assad must go. He is still in office. 
drew the red line in the sand that said, if Bashar Assad used chemical weapons on his own people, he must go. He is still in office. 
What we are seeing in Syria—the refugees’ humanitarian crisis, a bloody civil war, the rise of ISIS—is a direct response to this administration’s ineptness to handle these problems. 
floor of the U.N.—on U.S. soil—saying America is weak. But we didn’t need Putin to tell us that by his words. He has done it by his actions. He invaded Crimea in Ukraine because he knew that this administration would draw another red line, but do nothing about it. 
world because we would rather appease our enemies than show strength. This administration still has no strategy handling ISIS, no tangible plan to handle the Syrian problem or defeating Assad, and certainly no plan to deal 
with Russia’s new very powerful aggression in many areas of the world. 
Assad must go. ISIS must be defeated. America must stand firm and show the world that we are a force to be reckoned with, not to be trampled on. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI) for 5 minutes. 
to celebrate the lives of two trailblazers for the Asian American community, Ben Kuroki and Susumu ‘‘Sus’’ Ito. 
Kuroki and his brother were one of the first Japanese Americans to enlist in the United States Air Force during World War II at a time when over 100,000 other Japanese Americans were forced into incarceration camps without due process under the law. 
so, Kuroki applied for the job, was approved, and was sent to a 2week course in Britain. Kuroki received onthejob training. His maiden flight was on December 13, 1942. 
During this time of heavy discrimination against Japanese Americans, Kuroki’s flight crew was instrumental in protecting him from the sneers and abuse by his fellow soldiers. 
Flying Cross medals for volunteering to fly 25 combat missions against Germany and 28 missions in the Pacific. He was the only Japanese American to serve as an aerial gunner in the Asia Pacific theater during World War II. 
The son of Japanese immigrant farmers, Kuroki was born on May 16, 1917, in Gaithersburg, Nebraska. 
Kuroki visited other Japanese Americans behind barbed wire to promote the military and asked other Japanese Americans to join what would soon become the 442nd Regimental Combat Team of the 100th Infantry Battalion. 
Ben Kuroki exemplified the embodiment of patriotism and service above self. He often said, ‘‘I had to fight for the right to fight for my own country, and now I feel vindication.’’ 
tremendous accomplishments and dedicated public service with the House of Representatives. Ben Kuroki was the definition of an American hero. 
I would also like to take this time to 
recognize another extraordinary trailblazer for the Japanese American community, Susumu ‘‘Sus’’ Ito. 
Ito, the oldest and only son of Japanese immigrants, was drafted into the military in 1940. After Pearl Harbor, his parents and his sister were sent to the incarceration camp in Rohwer, Arkansas. During this time, he volunteered to become a forward observer for the 442nd Infantry Battalion, one of the most dangerous positions in the battalion. 
with him to Europe an Agfa Memo, a contraband 35millimeter camera that fit right in the palm of his hand. Ito spent his deployment in Europe, starting in 1944 until the war ended, taking pictures of his surroundings. 
to posing with the Colosseum during their trek into Rome, he spent the war revealing the daily lives of this little known mostly Japanese American unit. 
accurately depicted the brazenness of war. The 442nd was one of the first battalions to reach the Dachau Concentration Camp, and Ito took pictures of dazed prisoners leaving the camp for the very first time. He also captured the despair of his fellow soldiers as they rescued the Lost Battalion. 
GI Bill, he started an extraordinary career as a cellular biologist and became a researcher and professor at Harvard Medical School, where he worked for over 50 years. 
Ito donated his vast collection, thousands of images, to the Japanese American Museum in Los Angeles, as part of their Before They Were Heroes: Sus Ito’s World War II Images collection. 
tour this exhibit. The images he captured constantly reminded me of the courage of our Japanese American GIs who fought valiantly for our country while their families remained behind barbed wire. 
Today I rise to share Sus Ito’s tremendous accomplishments and dedicated public service with the House of Representatives. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, last week, the Nation saw a very important program expire, the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I rise today to encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join with me and call for a vote on a full and continued permanent reauthorization of the LWCF. 
added value to my district and to so many across the Nation. Last week, inaction by Congress led to the expiration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and I believe it is critical that we renew our commitment to the fund. 
The fund helps our communities protect critical lands by providing State and local governments with necessary funding and flexibility to develop and improve the very land on display for 
has received approximately $300 million in land and water conservation funding for protection in many areas of national significance, such as Gettysburg National Military Park, the Paoli Battlefield, the Brandywine Battlefield, Valley Forge National Historical Park, and John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge. 
work on the State level, we have also seen its benefits at the local level, including the Birdsboro Waters Forest Legacy Project, protecting critical woodlands at the East Coventry Wineberry Estates, expanding Shaw’s Bridge Park in East Bradford Township, and enhancing the Pottstown Borough Memorial Park with a new dog park, pavilions, restrooms, ballfields, and walking trails. 
Governors, mayors, sportsmen, small business owners, conservation leaders, landowners, ranchers, farmers, and millions of Americans are united in a push for permanent reauthorization and full funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund because it provides an economic benefit to our region and across the country. The LWCF gives a boost to the $646 billion recreation economy and serves to protect our national parks and other public lands from being destroyed. 
Indeed, in one such study, the Outdoor Industry Association has found that outdoor active recreation generates $21.5 billion annually in consumer spending in Pennsylvania alone. Outdoor recreation supports over 219,000 jobs across the State and generates $7.2 billion in wages and salaries. It also produces $1.6 billion annually in State and local tax revenue. 
Pennsylvania economy. The U.S. Census Bureau reports that each year over 5.4 million people participated in hunting, fishing, and wildlife watching in Pennsylvania, contributing $5.4 billion to the State economy. 
Conservation Fund State Assistance Program provides matching grants to help States and local communities protect parks and recreation resources. Nationwide, the LWCF has benefited countless counties in America, supporting over 41,000 projects. 
program acts as the primary investment tool to ensure that all can enjoy hiking, biking, running trails, community parks, and playgrounds. Approximately $4 billion in LWCF grants have been awarded to States, including $4.27 million for 34 total projects in Berks County, $4.78 million for 30 total projects in Chester County, $2.8 million for 49 total projects in Montgomery County, and over $800,000 for 11 projects in Lebanon County. These are all counties in my congressional district. Our public lands and outdoor recreation areas are an integral part of our heritage, civic identity, and local community. I believe the Land and Water Conservation Fund is one of our most important conservation programs and an excellent example of a bipartisan commitment to the safeguard of our natural resources and cultural heritage, and we must reauthorize it. 
to permanently reauthorize the LWCF, I look forward to working with my colleagues to preserve our public lands so that current and future generations may continue to enjoy and appreciate them yearround. 
I respectfully call upon my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, to work for a bipartisan solution to reauthorize this very important program. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Hispanic Heritage Month, I would like to recognize the great achievement of Latinos within their communities. 
numbers of outstanding Latinos over time who reflect the best of our community: activists like Cesar Chavez and Joan Baez; artists like Selena and Carlos Santana; the brave women and men who have served in our armed services; and, of course, today’s ambitious young DREAMers. 
Latinos, like all Americans, are committed to building a better and stronger future for our country and within our communities. We strive to instill a culture of hard work, of healthy living, and of academic success. 
Latino families recognize the importance of attaining an education in today’s society. In the past decade, Latinos have worked to cut their dropout rate in half, while tripling enrollment in 2 and 4year colleges. 
to our involvement in community: our liberal arts degrees, to help the less fortunate; to heal the sick with our healthcare degrees; to create employment with our business diplomas. 
landmark Affordable Care Act, a record 2.6 million new Latinos are signed up for health care, and they are on track to leading healthier lives. 
great advances in our communities, there is still so much work to be done. Although our dropout rate is lower, we still have the highest dropout rate among all ethnic groups. Latinos have increased their scores in math and science, but we are still below the national average. And while our communities have made massive strides in putting our children in college, still only 15 percent of college degrees are in the hands of Latinos, again, the smallest percentage of any ethnic 
Latinos signed up for health care, 25 percent of Latinos have no healthcare plan, and we battle high obesity and diabetes. 
in my district and in California and, as a whole, have seen and have worked to improve our condition. 
Year ACCESS Act, which would restore Pell grants for both fulltime and part time students, giving access to postsecondary education all yearround. Back in my home district, I relaunched Enroll OC, adding an additional 2,000 people this year, Latinos in my district, to health care. 
strides in wellness and education, the Latino community still has so many issues to address. I will tell you this: the problems are not just Latino problems; they are problems for the United States because, you see, America is a family. It is a familia, and we have to address these issues together because, for the first time in my beautiful home State of California, the largest majority ethic group is now Latino. 
frighten people, Mr. Speaker. I think it is actually pretty exciting because the Latino community is so embedded in the success of the American Dream, and the American Dream is so embedded in us. We are not aliens, Mr. Speaker. We are doctors, lawyers, community leaders, social workers, laborers, and DREAMers. But more importantly, we are sons, daughters, parents, siblings, and we are neighbors. 
It is time for the United States as a 
whole to embrace the power and the potential of the Latino community and to realize that we share the common goal of furthering the greatness of this Nation. I believe as soon as we realize Latinos yearn to share the same American values and aspirations as so many descendants of other immigrant groups—of Italian Americans and Irish Americans and German Americans and Asian Americans and all Americans— certainly America will thrive. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania) at 2 p.m. 
As they return from their constituent visits, bless the Members of the people’s House. Amid so many political pushes and pulls, give them perseverance and wisdom to address those most pressing needs for the benefit of our Nation. 
bless those recovering from floods and storms this past week, and bless those emergency workers who have placed themselves in danger’s path in service to their brothers and sisters in need. 
May we all be inspired by their heroic example and moved to step forward in those times when we might be called upon as well. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
note with great concern the divisive involvement of Russian forces in Syria. Due to the failure of this administration to articulate a strategy, Russia has now stepped in to conduct its own strategy, including airstrikes. 
picked up on the administration’s lack of a wellarticulated strategy in Syria. Sources say that Russian forces are launching deliberate airstrikes on Syrian groups backed by the CIA. While conducting these contentious attacks, Russia has violated Turkish airspace. NATO has warned President Putin to 
halt the airstrikes, but where is President Obama with his warnings? If sources are accurate, the administration has abandoned CIAbacked fighters. President Obama is fearful of taking the necessary steps. But given his failings in the region, is anyone surprised by Russia’s actions? 
This unrest contributes to the growing refugee crisis, putting a strain on our own country and others to manage the influx of refugees fleeing the turmoil that this administration has helped to create. 
week 151 Republicans, a majority of the Republicans in Congress, voted to shut down the Federal Government. This week, another entry into this calendar of chaos and dysfunction. We are coming up on several crucial deadlines, and so far the Republican leadership in Congress has presented no clear plan, no path forward. 
there are questions as to whether the United States Government will default on its obligations. There is another highway funding expiration, another government funding deadline of December 11, and lack of the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, which is costing the United States jobs— thousands of jobs. 
may not agree with the majority, but there is no excuse for not getting your job done. That is what I hear from the people back home, from the American people, a simple question: Why can’t Congress just do its work, just do its job? 
We stand ready to work with Republicans. We need a willing partner. There is a lot of work to do for the American people. Let’s get down to business. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, recently Secretary Kerry pledged that the United States would accept 185,000 refugees from the wartorn Syrian area. This would be over 2 years. 
America has been a generous, welcoming country; but I have to tell you, while we have compassion for these refugees, Secretary Kerry’s pledge leaves us with some grave concerns. The first is security. How can we 
verify these refugees do not present a threat to our national security? Syria has proven to be a fertile recruiting ground for Islamic extremists and terrorists. 
Second, the Office of Refugee Resettlement has not been transparent and accountable enough to handle the transfers. Over the past year, I have been investigating ORR and found that they have not been filing annual reports on their activities as required by law. In addition, there is evidence of widespread abuse of refugees, including children, who are improperly handled by the ORR. In many instances, a failure to refer the abuse to the FBI has allowed child abusers to walk free. 
completely on the ORR’s operations before we can trust it with a responsibility as serious as settling Syrian refugees in the U.S. We must find the delicate balance and protect our safety and security. 
AMENDING THE AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE CZECH REPUBLIC— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–64) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: 
Agreement as amended by the Supplementary Agreement is similar in objective to the social security agreements already in force with most European Union countries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, and the Republic of Korea. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordination between the United States and foreign social security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation, and to help prevent the lost benefit 
protection that can occur when workers divide their careers between two countries. 
amends the U.S.Czech Social Security Agreement to account for a new Czech domestic health insurance law, which was enacted subsequent to the signing of the U.S.Czech Social Security Agreement in 2007. By including the health insurance law within the scope of the U.S.Czech Social Security Agreement, this amendment will exempt U.S. citizen workers and multinational companies from contributing to the Czech health insurance system, when such workers otherwise meet all of the ordinary criteria for such an exemption. 
Agreement to the U.S.Czech Social Security Agreement and related documents. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARRIS ) at 4 o’clock and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
Appointment: Social Security Advisory Board. With best wishes, I am 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2091) to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify the ability to request consumer reports in certain cases to establish and enforce child support payments and awards. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
of H.R. 2091. My friend and colleague, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), has worked hard to build 
significant bipartisan support for this commonsense legislation. It passed out of the Committee on Financial Services with a vote of 56–2. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to remember that most child support payments are collected from noncustodial parents through income withholding. In order to verify income, assets, and debt for purposes of establishing or enforcing child support obligations, State and local child support agencies and courts often request consumer reports from the consumer reporting agencies. 
State and local child support agencies argue that the 10day notice provision provides obligors with an opportunity to hide savings and other assets, run up credit card debt, and take other financial or employment actions to avoid or reduce child support payments. 
This bill authorizes a consumer reporting agency to furnish a consumer report in response to a request by the head of a State or local child support enforcement agency if the requestor certifies that the report is needed for enforcing a child support order, award, agreement, or judgment. The bill also repeals the requirement of 10 days’ prior notice to a consumer whose report is requested. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Assistance Act, because it will help child support enforcement agencies do their job and will make child support payments more efficient. 
When a State child support enforcement agency wants to locate a parent who is delinquent on his or her child support payment, the agency requests the parent’s consumer report from one of the consumer reporting agencies. This allows the agency to verify the parent’s employment and income, which are key factors for child support payments. 
agency to provide the delinquent parent 10 days’ notice before it can even request the consumer report from the credit bureaus. This 10day head start serves no legitimate policy purpose. In fact, the only thing it does is give delinquent parents time to manipulate their financial position to evade paying their child support obligations. 
The consequences of this 10day notice requirement is that some delinquent parents who should be paying child support are not paying all they owe and the money they do pay isn’t 
This bill would eliminate this loophole by doing away with the 10day notice requirement. Providing 10 days’ notice before pulling someone’s consumer report might make sense in some circumstances, but in this situation, it only slows down the wheels of justice and gives delinquent parents an opportunity to further avoid paying their child support obligations. 
out almost unanimously, with only two people voting against it. I would like to thank the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) as well as Mr. E LLISON on the 
Democratic side for their hard work on this commonsense bill. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). He has worked 
tirelessly on this piece of legislation. I appreciate his efforts. 
the gentleman for yielding me this time. I am thrilled to stand before the House today as the author of the Child Support Assistance Act, H.R. 2091. 
million kids coast to coast who benefit from the child support program. In our great State of Maine alone, there are some 57,000 kids who need our help. As a single parent myself, I believe that the most important job in the world is taking care of our kids. Unfortunately, not every parent believes that. 
After a court determines that a noncustodial parent owes financial support for his or her children, there currently is, as Mrs. MALONEY stated, a 10day 
waiting period between the time when the court determines that money is owed for the kids and when the State agencies can start collecting that money. As a result, here across America there is about $100 billion in unpaid child support. In the State of Maine alone, there is over $500 million that is owed our kids. 
Assistance Act, fixes a technical part of this law that is a commonsense fix. As Mrs. MALONEY stated, it removes 
a parent who is supposed to be responsible for his or her children will have less of an opportunity, less time to shift those assets or hide those assets, put them in the name of someone else or maybe even quit his or her job and be paid under the table. 
That is not right, and that is certainly not fair. We need in this Chamber Republicans and Democrats to stand up and be compassionate and to help those 17 million kids across our country that need this support. 
what it is like to work a demanding fulltime job and to care for a child. In my case, it was one child, my son. I know what it is like to pick up my son after school and then to rush off to the grocery store to do our shopping and 
get home quickly so I can start dinner and he can start working on his homework. When that is done, we have to clean up and I expect Sammy to do his reading or I read to him and then it is a bath and to bed. 
Then while you are working on peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for the next day and thinking about what you have to do with your own job, you get a few hours’ sleep after that before you have to do it all over again. 
it must be like for a single mom or dad to do this with two, three, or four kids. The last thing our single parents need is to worry about child support payments that they are rightly owed, that the court says they are due, to help their kids have food on the table or buy a new pair of winter boots or to make sure there is lunch money the next day. 
speak about a lot of things—debt and spending and national security issues— but this bill is so close to the ground that it directly and immediately will 
help our kids and our single parents who are trying to raise our kids under very difficult circumstances for a lot of them. 
Speaker. I am greatly appreciative of the tremendous bipartisan support. I do thank Mr. ELLISON for all of his 
hard work on this bill. I encourage everybody to please support the Child Support Assistance Act. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I just urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill that Mr. POLIQUIN pointed out can make a real 
difference in the lives of single parents and their children. Again, I thank him for his leadership on it and his very eloquent statement today on the floor. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Speaker, too many children grow up in today’s society without basic essentials: food, clothing, proper shelter. Many times this is the result of a lack of child support payments from an estranged parent. 
I have a young boy, and I can tell you 
he takes a lot of energy out of my wife and me. We do everything we can to 
support him to our fullest with love and all the basic essentials, but not all children are that lucky. Some are due child support payments that they don’t receive. 
a lot in furtherance and sheriff’s departments do a lot in furtherance of collecting those child support payments, but Congressman POLIQUIN ’s 
commonsense measure here, the Child Support Assistance Act, is going to help State and local enforcement agencies aid families in collecting child support payments in a timely manner. How is that going to happen? It is 
going to allow enforcement agencies to obtain consumer reports on negligent parents in a more expeditious manner. Consequently, that is going to streamline the process and better enforce the collection of child support payments. 
stated it very eloquently just a moment ago. This is something that we can all get behind. It is for the good of this country. It is for the good of children across America. Let’s be proud as we ensure that our children have the resources to succeed, with this legislation being a positive step in the right direction. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1553) to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to specify which smaller institutions may qualify for an 18month examination cycle. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Bank 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
work in advocating for community bank regulatory relief. This is a commonsense regulatory relief measure that has earned significant bipartisan support. It was reported out of the Financial Services Committee by a vote of 58–0. 
additional wellmanaged financial institutions to qualify for an 18month exam cycle. The longer exam cycle permits community banks to focus their time and resources on the surrounding community rather than on the exam process. This bill also allows bank examiners to spend their resources working with banks that need additional attention instead of with banks that are already considered well managed. 
total assets of less than $1 billion, and at its most recent examination, it must have earned an ‘‘outstanding’’ or ‘‘good’’ rating under the Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System, or CAMELS. So only smaller, wellfinanced, wellrated financial institutions who pose very little risk would qualify for extended exam cycles. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act. This bill allows more small banks to qualify for a longer, 18month exam cycle. This means that these banks would only have a full, onsite examination every 18 months, rather than every 12 months. 
small community banks that are both well capitalized and well managed do not need as much regulatory scrutiny as larger, more complex banks. In addition, regulators need the ability to focus their limited resources on the banks that present bigger risks. That is why we have long allowed wellrun small banks to have less frequent examinations than larger, more complex banks. 
This bill simply increases the threshold for banks that qualify for the 18 month cycle from $500 million to $1 billion. Onsite examinations are time consuming endeavors both for the regulator and the bank, and if the regulator is conducting exams of these wellrun banks more frequently than he really needs to, then he is wasting precious government resources. In addition, he is also wasting the bank’s resources, because the frequent exams require the time and attention of the bank’s executives and staff, and it is costly. Therefore, banks with assets between $500 million and $1 billion that are well capitalized and well managed will receive real, meaningful regulatory relief as a result of this bill. 
small banks, it is also supported by the regulators. The OCC has in fact advocated for this change for some time now. 
this bill through the House today, and I hope that the Senate will act quickly on the bill as well so that we can get regulatory relief to some very deserving community banks. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON). 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, community banks are a crucial source of credit for many across the Nation, but these banks are currently facing an everincreasing regulatory burden that they can no longer shoulder. These misguided regulations are resulting in a devastating impact on small banks, forcing consolidation or failure and stifling creation of new banks in communities that need access to credit. 
western Colorado, oftentimes the only access to credit for small businesses is a community bank. Unfortunately, rising compliance costs and complicated regulatory requirements have dried up bank credit for those in need of it most. 
Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act, a targeted relief effort designed to allow additional wellmanaged financial institutions to qualify for an 18month exam cycle. 
insured depository institutions are a rigorous event for banks of all sizes, especially small banks that may not have dedicated compliance staff. These examinations require significant preparation leading up to the examination, as well as attention to the onsite examiner during the exam itself. 
work hours and compliance costs associated with these onsite examinations, community banks, much smaller institutions, do not have the economy of scale to deflect the burden. However, a longer exam cycle permits wellrun community banks to focus their time and resources on the surrounding community rather than on the exam process, opening up opportunities for sustainable economic growth in towns across the United States. 
Act amends the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to increase the qualifying asset threshold from $500 million to $1 
billion for small banks. This relief measure is only for wellmanaged community banks that did not cause the financial crisis but are now living with regulatory blowback. 
financial regulators rate financial institutions on several criteria, including safety and soundness and their compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. To qualify for the 18month exam cycle, an institution must have earned an outstanding or good rating on their most recent examination. Only smaller, wellrated banks, those which pose little risk, can qualify for extended exam cycles. 
an increase in the qualifying asset threshold. In February, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency sent draft legislative ideas for regulatory relief to the House Financial Services Committee, including a proposal that is the framework for H.R. 1553. The Comptroller of the Currency, Thomas Curry, publicly stated such a change would reduce burdens on wellmanaged community institutions. It also was applauded by the FDIC and the OCC during committee hearings earlier this spring. 
relief for community banks, it will also allow examiners to focus their resources, working with banks that need the additional attention or present supervisory concerns. 
support of the American Bankers Association, the Independent Community Bankers Association, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, as well as 19 bipartisan cosponsors. The legislation was voted out of the Financial Services Committee with a unanimous 58–0 vote. 
outstandingrated institutions in 2006 and granted agencies discretion to increase the threshold for goodrated institutions in 2007. It is time again to raise the threshold in statute so these small banks can continue to serve their important purpose in our communities: providing capital for small business growth and banking products for their local communities. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY), who is also the ranking member 
on the Financial Institutions Subcommittee and the lead Democrat on this bill. 
Mr. CLAY. Let me thank my colleague from New York for yielding. 
the Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act. I would also like to commend the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) 
in this country are community banks with less than $1 billion in assets. As 
for the Nation’s financial institutions since the financial crisis, I have worked with my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee to ensure that our community banks are not unduly burdened. H.R. 1553 is a part of that effort, as it will extend much needed relief to Main Street banks by allowing wellmanaged, wellcapitalized community banks an opportunity to take advantage of an extended 18 month examination cycle. 
the safety and soundness of the American banking system, the time and resources that banks put into preparing for and responding to examinations can be extremely time consuming, particularly for smaller banks with limited staff and resources that cannot afford to divert key personnel away from their core business in order to prepare for examinations. 
H.R. 1553 also allows banking regulators to better allocate their resources to financial institutions that warrant additional attention and away from community banks that have otherwise 
demonstrated that they are soundly managed and well capitalized. 
I have heard from community bankers in Missouri and from across the country that straightforward, bipartisan, commonsense regulatory relief proposals like H.R. 1553 can contribute significantly to community banks’ ability to lend to Main Street businesses and reinvest in our communities. 
York. I yield the gentleman such time as he may consume. 
with Mr. TIPTON and my other colleagues on the Financial Services Committee to find additional opportunities to enact targeted relief for our community banks, and I would urge my colleagues to adopt H.R. 1553. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
this is a commonsense piece of legislation. You talk about bipartisan; when it passes out of your committee with no opposition, that is bipartisan support. I think that says a lot about how important community banks are to America and how important this Congress thinks community banks are. 
are well managed and have good ratings will only have to get an examination every 18 months. So I encourage support for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, on 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1525) to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to make certain improvements to form 10–K and regulation SK, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to submit a summary page on form 10–K (17 C.F.R. 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a crossreference (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.)— 
K, required for all issuers, that are duplicative, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
that no further study under section 4 is necessary to determine the efficacy of such revisions to regulation S–K. 
Commission shall carry out a study of the requirements contained in regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
simplify such requirements in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material information; 
360day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
on modernizing and simplifying the requirements in regulation S–K in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on companies while still providing all material information; and 
on ways to improve the readability and navigability of disclosure documents and to discourage repetition and the disclosure of immaterial information. 
made to regulation S–K by the Commission under section 3 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
thank the chairman of the Financial Services Committee—that would be the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING )—for his leadership in helping 
to bring a number of bills, as we have just seen, to the floor today. 
I would also like to thank all of my 
colleagues on the Financial Services Committee from both sides of the aisle—obviously, both sides—because they have voted unanimously, voted the Disclosure Modernization and Simplification Act out of committee not just once, but twice, when you include passage last year as well. 
I would also like to add this legislation passed the House of Representatives by voice vote in December of 2014. 
back about eight decades ago, Congress made the monumental decision in this country that disclosure, opening up, and transparency would be the centerpiece of our Nation’s securities law. 
See, instead of carving out or creating a merit review system where the Federal Government determined which companies we were allowed to put our money into, Congress wisely went down the other road and decided that those decisions would be best made where? 
Left in the hands of the people, in the 
hands of the investors themselves, so long as they were provided with a sufficient level of disclosure from publicly traded companies. 
decades since the securities laws were first put in place, the quarterly and annual reports filed by the public companies have grown, and they have grown in size tremendously, larger and more complex than ever, to the point where now the most sophisticated of investors have trouble understanding even the most basic operations and risks of these companies. This has come to be known as the phenomenon of information overload. 
article in the Wall Street Journal noted that the average annual report from public companies is now 42,000 words, a 40 percent increase just from the year 2000 alone and even longer than the entire SarbanesOxley bill that passed Congress in 2002. 
Another recent report out of Stanford University found that only 38 percent of institutional investors view disclosures about executive compensation as ‘‘easy to understand.’’ 
So, if you think about it, if the majority of institutional investors can’t understand the disclosure, what chance does the little guy, the momandpop investor, have to understand all this? 
chance and can even be harmed by the disclosures that too voluminous and complex reports show. 
Paredes put it way back in 2013, ‘‘If investors are overloaded, more disclosure actually can result in less transparency and worse decisions, in which case capital is allocated less efficiently and market discipline is compromised.’’ 
SEC eliminate any outdated or duplicative disclosure requirements that are not material to investors and, furthermore, to scale disclosures for emerging growth companies and small issuers. 
summary page of their annual report that will include simply crossreferences to the material already included. 
produce a broad study on how best to, amongst all the other things, utilize technology in order to improve delivery and presentation systems for disclosure and, also, a requirement that the SEC commence a rulemaking in order to implement some of these ideas that come out of the study. You see, these provisions will help 
our disclosure regime of the 21st century while at the very same time address the issue of information overload that I mentioned before. 
If you go back, as part of the JOBS 
Act, Congress directed the SEC to review its existing disclosure requirements, and it was told to identify ways to make our current disclosure regime less burdensome for issuers and for people as investors. 
few years ago—2013—that identified a number of obsolete things and duplicative requirements that could be addressed, unfortunately, the agency has yet to act upon them, this despite an ongoing disclosure effectiveness review that has so far only produced a concept release. 
this Congress come here today and act on behalf of all the American investors, all the people in this country, in order to keep the original intent of our securities laws relevant today and ensure that the effective disclosure remains this very centerpiece of the capital markets. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of this bill. I 
We worked together on this in the last Congress, and I added an amendment to improve the bill in the markup last year. 
so too must our regulatory regime. This is especially true when it comes to reporting requirements for small public companies. 
The process of scaling and streamlining the reporting requirements for these small companies is something that, in order to keep pace with the everevolving marketplace, has historically been revisited roughly once every 10 years. It requires vigilance by the SEC and, also, by Congress. 
Simplification Act directs the SEC to simplify the reporting requirements for small companies in regulation S–K. 
revise regulation S–K to take care of any lowhanging fruit, that is, make any improvements to regulation S–K that they have already identified as helpful for small companies. 
of the best way to simplify and modernize the disclosure requirements in regulation S–K while still providing all the necessary information to investors and to also make specific detailed recommendations to Congress for how to achieve this. 
submit a summary page on their form 10–K annual reports in order to make these annual reports easier to understand by investors. 
Services Committee last year, Colombia Professor John Coffee called the 
idea ‘‘simple and unobjectionable’’ and said that he ‘‘didn’t see how anyone could be opposed to it.’’ 
idea that could make lengthy annual reports, which are often hundreds of pages long and difficult to navigate, significantly more investorfriendly. 
for his leadership. He has worked on this for several Congresses. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
York for working with us today and also working with us over the last several years as well, trying to move this along. As you have said and I have said, this is one of those proverbial commonsense pieces of legislation. 
technical terms that you and I used here, at the end of the day, it means, whether you are a sophisticated institutional investor or whether you are a momandpoptype investor or if you are something in between, you just want to have clarity, you just want to understand what all these voluminous, hundredsofpages annual reports and quarterly reports are. 
makes it a little bit simpler and then directs the SEC to go even the step further to develop other ways to do so as well. 
of this House now for the third time, I believe, send it over to the Senate and, hopefully, get some action in the Senate and put it on the President’s desk. 
of the aisle, once again, out of the House and to the Senate. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
REFORMING ACCESS FOR INVESTMENTS IN STARTUP ENTERPRISES ACT OF 2015 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1839) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain transactions involving purchases by accredited investors, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RAISE Act of 2015’’. 
the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended— 
person acting on the seller’s behalf, offers or sells securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 
the securities outstanding as of the end of the issuer’s most recent fiscal year. 
agent, corporate secretary, or other person responsible for transferring shares and stock certificates. 
of the issuer and the products and services it offers, which shall be presumed reasonably current if the statement is as of 12 months before the transaction date. 
broker, dealer, or agent that shall be paid or given, directly or indirectly, any commission or remuneration for such person’s participation in the offer or sale of the securities. 
and profit and loss statement and similar financial statements, which shall— 
accepted accounting principles or, in the case of a foreign private issuer, be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; ‘‘(iii) be presumed reasonably current if— 
‘‘(II) with respect to the profit and loss statement, such statement is for the 12 months preceding the date of the issuer’s balance sheet; and 
‘‘(iv) if the balance sheet is not as of a date 
less than 6 months before the transaction date, be accompanied by additional statements of profit and loss for the period from the date of such balance sheet to a date less than 6 months before the transaction date. 
person with respect to the issuer, a brief statement regarding the nature of the affiliation, and a statement certified by such seller that they have no reasonable grounds to believe that the issuer is in violation of the securities laws or regulations. 
is not for the sale of a security where the seller is an issuer or a subsidiary, either directly or indirectly, of the issuer. 
engaged in business, is not in the organizational stage or in bankruptcy or receivership, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that the issuer’s primary business plan is to engage in a merger or combination of the business with, or an acquisition of, an unidentified person. 
transaction is with respect to a security of a class that has been authorized and outstanding for at least 90 days prior to the date of the transaction. 
shall be deemed to have been acquired in a transaction not involving any public offering. 
shall be deemed to be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 (17 C.F.R. 230.144). 
by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G ARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, I want to again commend the sponsor of this bill, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), who just joined us, for all of 
his work on this bill and the earlier bills as well and for his continued work on capital formation issues. 
the JOBS Act of 2012 has been a tremendous success, a huge success, for the American public and the public marketplace. 
gone public has risen dramatically ever since the barriers to capital formation that existed for several years have been lifted, if you will, helping to make our capital markets more attractive to companies and investors in the United States and all around the world as well. 
else, somewhat ironically. It included a number of provisions that helped companies to stay private for a longer period of time. 
You see, these provisions have allowed preIPO companies to expand their investor base, if you will, and have allowed them to open up the doors to capital that were previously shut out to them. 
raise more capital and as these companies issue more shares to investors, it can become even more difficult and even more costly for shareholders to find a willing buyer or to exit their position in that company. 
That is where H.R. 1839, the RAISE Act, would come in. The RAISE Act would build upon the success of the JOBS Act of 2012 by creating an environment, if you will, where restricted securities of preIPO companies can be traded in a more liquid secondary market, which then could ultimately have the effect of lowering the cost of capital for businesses. 
codifying the longstanding exemption developed by the courts, the SEC, and the securities laws that would provide a means for the resale, if you will, of these private restricted securities. 
this sounds a little bit technical. Maybe it sounds a lot technical to be effective. But, really, it is a simple fix 
of helping literally thousands of businesses all across this country to do what? To raise more capital and put it to use, put it to use to innovating or to hiring more employees. 
That is at the end of the day exactly 
the type of bipartisan solution our constituents are calling on Congress to implement. I urge all of my colleagues, again, on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of the underlying bill. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
which is an excellent example of bipartisan compromise that I think we should do more of in this body. 
their work on this bill on which I am pleased to be the lead Democrat. 
by the SEC and has been recognized by the Federal courts on numerous occasions as well. 
But no one has ever bothered to codify this rule, even though everyone is okay with it and supports it, with investors relying on this informal rule. 
courts have long recognized this rule is that it fully complies with the spirit of the Securities Act of 1933. These sales are really just transactions between two sophisticated investors. 
1⁄2) requires and the market has become very fragmented. 
establishing minimum standards for disclosure, marketing, and a holding period that will protect investors, foster transparency, and make this market even stronger. 
First, it requires that the seller provide the buyer with some basic information about the company, which ensures that buyers have the standard information they need before making an investment decision. 
as people who have been banned from the securities industry, from taking advantage of the rule. Third, it prohibits the securities of 
So I am pleased that we were able to 
work together with the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) on 
this bill and that we were able to add these important investor protections because now we have a bill that will enjoy strong bipartisan support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Again, I thank the 
may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), the 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ), the chairman of the Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee, for yielding time. 
ranking member of the subcommittee, for working with me on the provisions of the bill we are talking about this afternoon. 
I also want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  
full committee, for working with us to craft this compromise we have on the floor here today. 
I have joined together with my colleagues from across the aisle to offer a Federal exemption from registering for the resale of private company securities, which is vital for adding liquidity to the secondary markets and driving economic growth. 
not only disrupting existing industries, but are creating entirely new markets. Thanks to private markets, in particular, the advancement in American technology and entrepreneurship is thriving. 
companies, however, has created a paradigm shift. This shift requires our regulatory framework to achieve a balance between encouraging innovation and growth while ensuring that shareholders and investors are protected, and those investor protections need to remain strong. 
Unfortunately, as successful entrepreneurs and startup employees look to sell their private shares in the secondary markets, they encounter a regulatory framework that is inefficient. That inefficiency is costly and dries up the liquidity of these securities and is harmful to economic growth. 
never been formally codified into securities law. The result has been a disjointed collection of case law and no action SEC letters that have shaped these private secondary transactions. 
The bill would provide an exemption for these types of transactions, allowing startup employees the ability to execute trades in a way that is consistent, clear, and certain. 
That is why we have Federal securities laws, for that certainty, that clarity, and that consistency. It would allow for private companies to find a much better way to raise capital by opening up the secondary markets. 
we have worked hard to seek compromise and find commonsense solutions to this complicated exemption. 
faith on this bill, as has the party across the aisle, my goal is to ensure that the language and operation of this compromise will work in the real world. 
may be necessary to fully codify existing uses of that authority, and I am 
committed to working with my colleagues across the aisle as well as folks in the Senate to clarify the intent here. 
with our ranking member of the full Committee on Financial Services, as necessary, to ensure that the law is a useful tool and serves as an example of how policy can meet the demands of a changing marketplace. 
The bottom line is this bill is a sensible way forward. This bill will lower costs and provide transparent standards for the issues that are important in the private and secondary transactions. Additionally, the bill will give today’s private growth companies a foundation on which they can confidently plan their trajectory through the capital markets, both private and public. 
will ensure the United States remains the best market in the world for the world’s innovators to build their businesses here and employ Americans and grow our economy. 
I am pleased that this legislation enjoys bipartisan support, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers on the floor. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
New York for her support on this and the prior legislation, and I thank the gentleman from North Carolina. 
there is something wrong out there that there are just too many obscure regulations that are holding back and being impediments to our capital markets. 
also came up with the right summation of this. It is a technical bill to deal with all of these absurdities and technicalities just to make it easier for 
grow a business, sell a business, hire employees, grow capital formation and the number of employees in this country as well. 
to strong, bipartisan support, as we have seen in the past on this type of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1839, as amended. 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2078) to reauthorize the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the 
should use its authorized powers to ensure that efforts by the United States to advance religious freedom abroad are timely, appropriate to the circumstances, prudent, and effective. 
Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6436) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
means the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom established 
under section 201 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431). 
means the Vice Chair of the Commission who was appointed to such position by an elected official from the political party that is different from the political party of the elected official who appointed the Chair of the Commission. 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than biennially thereafter, the Chair and Vice Chair of the Commission, in coordination with the Commissioners, the AmbassadoratLarge for International Religious Freedom, Commission staff, and others jointly selected by the Chair and Vice Chair, shall carry out a strategic policy and organizational review planning process that includes— 
forth in section 204 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6432b) and any required changes to such policies. 
possible, the Chair, Vice Chair, and all of the Commissioners shall ensure that this section is implemented in a manner that results in unanimous agreement among the Commissioners with regard to— 
by an elected official from the political party of the President; and 
by an elected official from the political party that is not the party of the President. 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, and not less frequently than biennially thereafter, the Chair and Vice Chair of the Commission shall jointly submit, to the appropriate congressional committees, a written strategic plan that includes— 
the Commission for a period of time to be specified by the Commissioners; 
Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6435) is amended to read as follows: 
be appropriated to the Commission $3,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 to 2019 to carry out the provisions of this Act and section 4 of the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
forth in section 4 of the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reauthorization Act of 2015; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
persecution around the world continues. I thought I would give one example that we heard in our committee last week, the Foreign Affairs Committee, from ‘‘Bozi,’’ who is a young 20 yearold Yazidi woman from Iraq. She told us the story. 
She very bravely recounted her brutal captivity and the abuse she faced at the hands of ISIS. As we are talking about religious freedom, she explained that, in her village, the 700 men and boys were killed, including several of 
her brothers. One small brother survived because he had a bullet in his head and they thought he was dead. But, other than that, her family is all gone. 
had been recruited to ISIS about 4 years prior, she said. He bought 10 of the girls, sold 9, and kept her as a concubine. 
her that, because she was a Yazidi, she was an infidel, in his mind, and she was a Pagan, in his mind; and, therefore, he had the right to enslave and rape and sell Yazidi women and children, and he does this. 
she reported that there were about 3,000 girls and women in ISIS captivity, Yazidis, who faced the same fate that she faced while she was in that captivity. 
These crimes are just the latest outrage against people of faith which continues in so many parts of the world, whether it be against Yazidis or Christian minorities in the Middle East or the Baha’i in Iran or religious communities attempting to worship without official supervision by repressive regimes, for example, in Burma or in North Korea. AntiSemitism also is on the rise, including in Europe. 
unanimously by the Senate last week, will continue the good work of the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom. Congress created this Commission as an independent Federal entity back in 1998. 
The reason it was created was because, while the fundamental freedom of religion was under siege around the world, it did not receive enough attention in U.S. foreign policy circles. 
who speak out on behalf of persecuted believers of any faith and push for accountability, accountability beyond what the State Department or the White House may view as diplomatically feasible. 
remains critical today, as the State Department too often pushes religious freedom to the side. For example, the State Department’s Ambassador at Large for religious freedom sat vacant 
for 2 years during the start of this administration and again for another 10 months before the appointment of the current Ambassador, Rabbi David Saperstein. 
the Department finally made the legally required designation of ‘‘Countries of Particular Concern’’ for religious freedom, 3 years of the State Department shirking its legal responsibility. 
another eight countries should also be placed on that list and were not placed on the list. Those countries include Vietnam, whose recent socalled amnesty of more than 18,000 prisoners included convicted murderers, convicted drug dealers, human traffickers. But what it did not include was prisoners of religious conscience, such as the Venerable Thich Quang Do of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam. I have visited him under house arrest. They did not include Father Nguyen Van Ly, the Catholic priest who has been repeatedly beaten. These were not the people released. No. It was the human traffickers and the murderers. 
the Commission for 4 more years and includes new strategic planning and transparency improvements in the act. This should ensure that the Commission’s important work remains strongly bipartisan and represents the diverse American consensus on the importance of our first freedom: religious liberty. 
worked to craft this bill, which received unanimous support in the other body. 
I also want to recognize the important work of the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the author of the House side reauthorization bill, who has been a legislative leader on religious freedom issues throughout his career. 
And, as always, I appreciate the cooperation of the ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL of New York, and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) in bringing this legislation 
support of the Senate and all nine current Commissioners, deserves our support also. With its passage, it goes to the President’s desk. With his signature, it will ensure that freedom of religion under continuous threat from extremists and authoritarian governments remains front and center. 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of S. 2078. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill will reauthorize the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, what we call USCIRF, and it deserves this body’s strong support. 
pushing this bill on the Senate side. I want to thank our chairman, Chairman ROYCE , and Representative C HRIS 
all nine of the current Commissioners, would reauthorize the Commission for 4 years and require that the Commission agree on a bipartisan strategic plan to be submitted to Congress within 180 days. Moreover, the Commission will also be required to reach bipartisan agreement on personnel policies, which I hope they will see as an opportunity, as an organization dedicated to promoting freedom and tolerance, to include strong nondiscrimination protections for religion, gender, gender identity, and sexual orientation, as well as the other federally protected classes. 
worship freely is a bedrock principle of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and, of course, of our own Constitution. This Commission on International Religious Freedom does so much to defend that liberty, whether through invaluable research, analysis, and reporting or efforts to guide lawmakers from the United States and elsewhere on the importance of this issue. Yet every day, religious communities around the world endure violence, persecution, and discrimination—and the problem, sadly, is escalating. 
communities live in fear of the fanatical terrorist group Boko Haram. In Iran, the regime continues to persecute members of the Baha’i faith. In Vietnam, Christians are arrested and beaten by police. Pakistan has fallen down on the job of prosecuting violence against religious minorities, while at the same time convicting religious minorities for blasphemy. And, of course, people of all faiths are being massacred by ISIL as it attempts to wipe out any beliefs that don’t align with its perversion of Islam. 
has no place in the 21st century. Governments are obligated to respect the religious freedom of all citizens. It is the right thing to do, and it is also in their own interests. After all, when societies are more open, they become more prosperous. When citizens live freely without fear of persecution, they contribute more and help drive growth and stability. 
So the United States wants to see religious freedom thrive around the world. That is why we established the Commission on International Religious Freedom, and that is why we should vote today to support the Commission’s vital continued work. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). He worked on the 
original authorization of the Religious Freedom Act, and he is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. 
the chairman for his leadership and for his commitment to human rights, particularly religious freedom, and I want to thank Senator CORKER for helping to 
International Religious Freedom was created as part of the landmark International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, originally authored by my good friend and former colleague Frank Wolf, who provided exemplary service and leadership in this House. 
promotion and protection of religious freedom a priority of U.S. foreign policy; and believe me, before the passage of this law, it was not. Since its inception, USCIRF has been a valuable, independent, and bipartisan source of information and policy recommendations for the Congress, U.S. Government, and the American people. 
persecuted religious groups and raises prisoner cases, individual cases, at the highest levels of the U.S. Government. USCIRF’s annual report—and I encourage Members to read it—often provides a fuller view of violations of religious freedom than the State Department’s International Religious Freedom Report. As an independent body, USCIRF has the political freedom to report the facts and provide critical insight and recommendations on countries like Vietnam, Pakistan, India, Cuba, or China, countries where the U.S. Government may be hesitant to draw attention to religious rights violations because it is concerned about upsetting foreign governments. 
It needs to be noted that in the beginning, the Clinton administration actively opposed passage of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. I know because I chaired the hearings. We heard from people like Assistant Secretary John Shattuck, who said it would create a hierarchy of human rights, which it did not. It put religious freedom in its rightful place. Of course, years later, people from the administration pointed out that none of that happened and it was a very important addition to our work. I also want to note that a very broad coalition supported and continued to support IRFA in general and USCIRF in particular. In the end, President Clinton did sign the legislation into law. 
Bishops endorses USCIRF’s reauthorization, as do over 80 different nongovernmental organizations and religious groups, part of the International Religious Freedom Roundtable. These groups sent a letter to every Member of Congress and said, in pertinent part, ‘‘while there is very little we agree on theologically, or politically, we all agree on the importance of religious freedom.’’ 
is critically important at a time when religious freedom is under siege through the world. AntiSemitism, pervasive in most of the Middle East, has spread like a cancer to parts of Europe. The increase in violence perpetrated against Christians, Muslims, and other religious minorities has reached staggering proportions, including disturbing reports of torture, rape, imprisonment, forced exile, and murder. 
Mr. Speaker, the world faces a deepening crisis of religious freedom restrictions and abuses by governments. The Pew Foundation estimates that over 75 percent of the world’s population lives in countries where severe religious freedom abuses are commonplace. Ancient Christian communities in Iraq and Syria are on the verge of extinction, and other religious minorities in the Middle East face a constant assault from ISIS. ISIS, as we all know, has committed and is committing genocide, mass atrocities, and war crimes. 
practice broadly and with impunity. It has been another punishing year for the Tibetan Buddhists, Uighur Muslims, Christians, as well as Falun Gong practitioners who face restrictions, imprisonment, and torture. 
a problem; Rohingya Muslims face problems. In Pakistan, as we all know, there are problems; in Iran, not just with the Baha’i who are persecuted again and have been facing that with unrelenting pressure, but also other Christians who live there and other Muslims. 
clear, and I hope all Members will support this important human rights legislation. 
not have any more speakers, so I yield myself the balance of my time. 
the bipartisan way in which the work of the Foreign Affairs Committee is conducted, evidenced again today with strong bipartisan support for this bill. I also want to acknowledge the great leadership of Congressman SMITH, who 
has worked in this area for a very long time. 
Island, was founded by ROGER WILLIAMS , searching for a place that respects religious freedom. Rhode Island is home to the oldest synagogue in America, the Touro Synagogue, where President Washington famously wrote to the Hebrew congregation at Touro Synagogue to reassure them that this new, young Nation will be a place that respects religious freedom of all its citizens. It is this Commission that continues to promote that work around the world, to ensure that religious freedom is respected everywhere in the world. 
my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the 
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding time. 
first right in our Bill of Rights, and it is in the First Amendment. There are five rights in the First Amendment. Religious liberty is the first of those five rights. That is not by accident. Our ancestors believed in the right of religious liberty. 
religious freedom is the most important personal right for many, many people of all religious faiths—the right to practice one’s religion free of persecution regardless of what that religion is. 
Mr. Speaker, Saddique Azam was promoted as the headmaster of an elementary school in Pakistan a few months ago. Three Muslim teachers didn’t like the fact that they had a Christian as their boss. So, yesterday, about 7:45 in the morning, they stormed his office and demanded that he resign because he was a Christian. He refused. They beat him up until he was rescued by some other staff members. 
world are teaching religious intolerance. The Saudi school curriculum openly vilifies other faiths, including Jews and Christians. Not too long ago, there was a 14yearold boy by the name of Ayman Nabil Labib, a Christian in Egypt, a Coptic Christian. He went to school. The teacher of his class, a nonChristian, saw that he had a cross on his wrist. Coptic Christians I understand have a tattoo of a cross. He was told to cover up the cross. He did not. In fact, he pulled out a cross from underneath his shirt and displayed it as well. The teacher grabbed him around the neck and started choking him and asked the other students: What are you going to do about this? And they beat him to death—a 14year old Coptic Christian in Egypt. 
It is the most important, in my opinion, human right, natural right, to practice one’s faith, religion, and belief freely without persecution by government especially. This legislation helps protect that right worldwide. It is an important right here, but, as I said, it is a natural right, and it should be protected. I support this legislation because it protects the basic right of religious freedom. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Pope Francis charged with those listening to his remarks of the important responsibility of safeguarding religious freedom. He stated at the White House that that freedom remains one of America’s most precious possessions. Of course, that freedom is not only an American possession, and it is not only enjoyed by certain religions. That freedom flows from the inherent dignity of every human person and should be protected wherever it is threatened. 
International Religious Freedom remains a strong, independent, and authoritative voice on behalf of religious believers everywhere. This measure will ensure that it continues to pursue the Commission’s nonpartisan mission of promoting around the world the right of religious liberty that we hold so dear as a nation. It deserves our unanimous support. 
to support a commission which embodies the highest of our democratic principles: independence, bipartisanship, transparency and the defense of our fundamental freedoms. 
The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom was created from a landmark piece of legislation, the 1998 International Religious Freedom Act (IRFA). 
How that bill came about is a story in its 
own right, and a demonstration of how a diverse set of our nation’s leaders can come together to protect a foundational freedom. 
One of the best ways to expose attacks on 
religious freedom is meticulous chronicling of such abuses and then proclaiming them loud and clear to a watching world. 
monitoring, recording and publishing attacks on religious belief—or any belief at all—cannot be overestimated. 
Their annual report is an invaluable reference for my colleagues and me and our staffs. 
Like the TIP report which monitors countries’ records on human trafficking, the USCIRF annual report exposes lawbreakers and violators of human rights—and recommends what actions should be taken. 
And we have seen how across the world religious minorities are under attack. 
East population at the start of the 20th century. 
Christian belief and practice, that number is now around 5 percent and declining. 
In fact, less than 1 percent of the world’s 
more than 2 billion Christians live in the Middle East—the birthplace of the religion. 
Other religions and belief systems have suffered under sustained persecution. 
Yazidis in Iraq and Syria have been systematically targeted by ISIS for slavery and execution. 
Yazidi women have taken their own lives out of despair after repeated rapes and assaults. 
of Muslims and sectarian violence in the Central African Republic, and urged the State Department designate it as a Country of Particular Concern. In Russia, ‘‘serious violations of freedom of 
China has taken further steps to ‘‘consolidate’’ its ‘‘authoritarian monopoly’’ over the lives of its citizens. 
against Uigher Muslims, Tibetan Buddhists, Catholics, Protestants, and Falun Gong practitioners. 
And the list goes on and on. An attack on the religious belief of one is an 
USCIRF is a unique, independent voice calling the world to pay attention and act, especially when this freedom can take a backseat in foreign affairs. 
The world forgets that the chilling of religious belief is the first step toward totalitarian control over all areas of life. 
All other freedoms flow from religious liberty. Without the freedom to believe what your 
conscience tells you, and live that belief out without fear of violence or other persecution, all other freedoms are meaningless. 
I urge the House and reauthorize this important commission, and continue to defend and promote our First Amendment freedoms around the world. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3102) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regulations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
airports require employmentrelated access to Secure Identification Display Areas, Airport Operations Areas, or secure areas. 
reduce employee entry and exit points to a mutually agreed upon minimum number of such entry and exit points necessary to maintain airport operations. 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, labor organizations representing aviation, ground, and cabin crew workers, and the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall conduct an aviation security riskbased review of the disqualifying criminal offenses codified in sections 1542.209 and 1544.229 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to determine the appropriateness of such offenses as a basis for denying to an employee a credential that allows unescorted access to Secure Identification Display Areas of airports. Such review shall consider the following: 
offenses to address the current aviation security threat environment, particularly the terrorism insider threat. 
should be tailored to address the current aviation security threat environment, particularly the terrorism insider threat, by excluding or including other offenses. 
departmental eligibility requirements for access to Secure Identification Display Areas of airports. 
disqualifying offenses is appropriate, in light of the current aviation security threat environment, particularly the terrorism insider threat. 
days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall review the auditing procedures for all airportissued identification media. Such review shall determine the following: 
requirements at domestic airports to ensure the integrity, accountability, and control of airportissued identification media. 
standards for all airportissued identification media used for identity verification and badge verification. 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall— 
badging offices to utilize the employment eligibility confirmation system established under section 404 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note; commonly referred to as ‘EVerify’) to determine the eligibility to work in the United States of all applicants seeking access to secure areas of airports; 
ensure that credential application data elements received by the Administration are complete and match the data submitted by the airport operators. 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall establish a nationwide program for the anonymous reporting of violations of airport security. 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall— 
April 8, 2016, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall conduct an updated and thorough review of airport access controls. 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Comptroller General of the United States a cost and feasibility study of a statistically significant number of Category I, II, and X airports, that ensures that all employee entry and exit points that lead to secure areas of such airports are comprised of the following: 
of storing video data for at least 30 days. 
those airports which have already implemented practices of screening onehundred percent of employees entering secure areas of airports, including the following: 
operational minimum number of employee entry and exit points. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1601 the following new item: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R ICHMOND ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 3102 is a critically important, bipartisan piece of legislation, which serves as a culmination of months of intense oversight on the issue of airport access controls and the insider 
control made headlines after an investigation revealed that aviation employees were trafficking weapons and ammunitions between Atlanta and New York. More than 170 guns were trafficked in such a manner. 
Furthermore, a recent inspector general report found that TSA failed to identify 73 aviation workers with possible links to terrorism. Lastly, at airports such as Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles International, and Oakland, many major drugtrafficking rings have been uncovered involving employees using their insider ability to access the airports. 
It is the responsibility of this committee to act to prevent similar stories from continuing to emerge. 
to consult with Federal and private sector partners to review existing employee screening protocols and work comprehensively to improve the effectiveness of controls at airports across the United States. 
Moreover, the bill improves standards of vetting for the credentials granted to individuals with access to secure areas of airports and takes a robust approach to bolstering the oversight of the access given to these employees. 
H.R. 3102 codifies a number of recommendations put forward by the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, which examined the issue of airport access controls earlier this year at our urging. 
oversight, including a number of hearings, site visits, and briefings from Homeland Security, TSA, the FBI, and aviation stakeholders. 
cooperation among our private sector stakeholders, Federal partners, and the labor community that has helped to bring this bill to the floor today. 
Throughout this legislation’s development, we have worked tirelessly with the same end goal in mind: to enhance the security of our Nation’s airports and mitigate threats to aviation workers and the traveling public. 
and it is critical that we evolve our security standards and best practices to stay abreast of changing threats to transportation. 
this issue, as we have focused heavily on these problems in a bipartisan manner. 
his support on the committee’s oversight efforts and for seeing this bill through the committee. 
problems and assure the American public that their aviation system is secure and adaptive to changing threats. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise to speak in support of H.R. 3102. Last year we learned that airport 
employees used their access to the secure areas of airports to bypass screening to smuggle weapons and drugs onto commercial flights. 
In response, thenActing Administrator Melvin Carraway requested that TSA’s stakeholder advisory committee, the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, take on the challenge of evaluating airport access controls and come up with approaches to address security vulnerabilities. 
In April, the ASAC issued a thoughtful report with 28 recommendations designated to mitigate threats and risks associated with airport access controls. 
Congress approved legislation in December 2014 to codify ASAC in law in the hopes that it would result in better aviation security policymaking at TSA. 
We envisioned a process in which various stakeholders throughout the aviation community were able to come together and address security issues affecting the industry. In this instance, the process worked as envisioned, and TSA is making sure and steady progress towards addressing many of the recommendations. 
today, we will send a message to TSA and aviation stakeholders that we have a strong interest in raising the bar when it comes to securing our Nation’s airports. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I simply reiterate that the committee remains interested in raising the level of security within our Nation’s airports. As such, we will continue to track TSA’s efforts at bolstering access controls and addressing the ASAC’s recommendations. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 3102 are a pressing concern to the security of our Nation’s airports. It is critical that we send this bill to the Senate today. Congress cannot stand idly by and grant tacit approval to lax security standards for employees when we have the authority and responsibility to spur action and keep the traveling public safe from harm. I want to thank Mr. RICHMOND for his 
bipartisan comments. That truly is the nature of what we have done today, is act in a bipartisan manner to attack a problem. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise to speak on H.R. 3102, the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015,’’ which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, and streamline transportation security regulations. 
The objective of the bill is to establish a 
riskbased, intelligencedriven model for the screening of employees at airports based on level of access and employment positions at domestic airports. 
those individuals authorized to have access to secure areas of a domestic airport are permitted such access. 
The model must be able to differentiate between individuals authorized to have access to an entire secure area and those who are not permitted access. 
The Director of the FBI and Director of the 
Aviation Security Advisory Committee are directed to review the disqualifying criminal offenses in the Code of Federal Regulations to determine the adequacy for an individual to have continued access to Secure Identification Display Areas of airports. 
of the bill would consider whether the list of disqualifying offenses should be amended to include other offenses. 
Member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Investigation, I am concerned that the bill contains this language. 
At a time when we are discussing the rights 
of nonviolent offenders to have an opportunity, if their conduct and records dictate to be able to fully reintegration into society, that there may be other efforts to make this process more difficult without a serious review of why such measures should be taken and for whom should they be applied? 
I would offer to work with my fellow members on the House Committee on Homeland Security to consider carefully the reasons for any expansion on this list, especially if the expansion only involves the Department of Homeland Security. 
There are similar concerns regarding language in the bill that may extend the period of time that may be considered between a particular situation and the life a person is currently leading. 
considering the conduct of a 35 yearold adult, the weight of the consideration should be on the life of the adult and the seriousness of the offense. 
would impact the employability of current persons who hold access credentials and future employees should be further reviewed by the full committee prior to becoming policy. 
should consider every aspect of airport security to improve aviation safety. 
I will continue to work in my capacity on 
both the House Committee on Homeland Security and the House Committee on the Judiciary to improve aviation security. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3102, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY CYBERSECURITY STRATEGY ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3510) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a cybersecurity strategy for the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop a departmental strategy to carry out cybersecurity responsibilities as set forth in law. 
priorities to successfully execute the full range of the Secretary’s cybersecurity responsibilities. 
and activities that are required to successfully execute the full range of the Secretary’s cybersecurity responsibilities, including programs, policies, and activities in furtherance of the following: 
the second section 226 (relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center). 
Homeland Security Enterprise published by the Secretary in November 2011; 
responsibilities of components and offices of the Department, to the extent practicable, to carry out such strategy. 
this section may be construed as permitting the Department to engage in monitoring, surveillance, exfiltration, or other collection activities for the purpose of tracking an individual’s personally identifiable information. 
term ‘Homeland Security Enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, including Federal, State, local, and tribal government officials, private sector representatives, academics, and other policy experts. 
meaning given such term in the second section 226, relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center.’’. 
Secretary of Homeland Security may not change the location or reporting structure of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security, or the location or reporting structure of any office or component of the Directorate, unless the Secretary receives prior authorization from Congress permitting such change. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R ATCLIFFE ) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R ICHMOND ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
of H.R. 3510, the Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative CEDRIC RICHMOND , ranking member 
of the Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee, of which I am the chairman. 
Department of Homeland Security to develop and to submit to Congress a cybersecurity strategy and implementation plan. Because the Department of Homeland Security is charged with securing the dotgov domain and working with the private sector to secure the dotcom domain, a comprehensive strategic plan and implementation plan will support DHS’ essential cybersecurity mission. 
cyber attacks disrupt the operations of government, of businesses, and of the lives of the American people. The increasingly sophisticated nature of the cyber threats we face on a daily basis underscore the need to manage and strengthen the cybersecurity of our 
The Government Accountability Office has recommended the implementation of an overarching Federal cybersecurity strategy. H.R. 3510 is an important step toward accomplishing this task. 
H.R. 3510 also precludes any reorganization effort of the Department of Homeland Security’s National Protection and Programs Directorate, or NPPD, without congressional approval. This is an effort to ensure that congressional oversight is conducted. 
story in the press announced that the NPPD was planning a significant reorganization. Since June, very few specifics have emerged, and even those that have have been very sparse in detail. 
The details that have been made public elicit concern because they support overhauling the infrastructure protection and cybersecurity functions of the directorate without providing details on exactly what this would mean for the mission, for the structure, or for the workforce of the directorate. 
The language in this bill follows a bipartisan letter sent just last month to the Department expressing congressional concern with the lack of transparency surrounding this proposed reorganization and communicating the congressional intent to provide oversight on this issue. The letter also clearly stated that any reorganization or realignment should require congressional authorization. 
Over the past several years, the Committee on Homeland Security, on which I serve, has built up a collaborative working relationship with the NPPD, consulting with it to pass several strong and bipartisan pieces of legislation to improve chemical security and to strengthen DHS’ cybersecurity mission and stature in the Federal Government. 
this country and the committee’s continued legislative oversight efforts to strengthen DHS’ cybersecurity functions, it is essential that the Department submit any proposal to Congress prior to reorganization or realignment. 
to authorize the key responsibilities of the executive branch to include strengthening our cybersecurity posture and ensuring the security and resiliency of our Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
for the work that he and his staff have done to come together in a bipartisan way on this legislation. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I rise in support of H.R. 3510. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. RATCLIFFE . I want to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAUL, and the ranking member of 
H.R. 3510, the Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015, will require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a comprehensive strategy and implementation plan for carrying out its diverse and complex cyber and information security missions. 
Security is not only responsible for working with Federal agencies to protect Federal civilian networks, but also for helping to bolster information security within the private sector, principally through the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
It also plays a major role in information security research and development, cyber crime investigations, and international engagement with cybersecurity partners. 
a strategy that includes necessary strategic and operational goals for executing the Secretary’s broad responsibilities. 
issued a report highlighting the need for such strategy. The report, entitled ‘‘DHS Can Strengthen Its Cyber Mission Coordination Efforts,’’ found that intradepartmental coordination was lacking and recommended that the Department develop a comprehensive crossdepartmental strategic implementation plan that defines each component’s cyber missions and responsibilities. 
programs that protect this Nation from manmade and natural disasters. With cyber threats increasingly at the forefront today, it is essential that all of the Department’s daytoday programs, policies, and activities are effective and meeting its multilayered cybersecurity responsibilities. 
As the lead Federal agency responsible for securing Federal civilian networks and as the vital cyber informationsharing partner to national critical infrastructures, it is crucial that the Department have a comprehensive and achievable strategic plan in place. 
Mr. Speaker, in recent years, Congress has provided significant resources to the Department to expand its cyber operations and workforce. 
A lot of money has been spent to respond to cyber events and persistent information security threats. We must make sure our investments in operational plans and research and development are technically achievable and transparent where they can be. 
Fundamentally, my bill seeks to ensure that the Department takes a measurable, strategic posture that can be a model for others and to help protect our Nation’s vulnerable information security networks. 
his bipartisan approach in bringing this bill to the floor today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 3510, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015,’’ which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a cybersecurity strategy for the Department of Homeland Security. 
the programs, policies, and activities that are required to successfully execute the full range of the cybersecurity programs, policies, and activities in furtherance of the Department of Homeland Security’s mission regarding the National Cybersecurity and Communication Integration Center. 
The National Cybersecurity and Communication Integration Center addresses cybersecurity risks faced by federal and nonfederal entities. In July of this year it was reported that the 
Office of Personnel Management lost personal information on 21.5 million current and former federal employees and their families. 
breaches: The State Department revealed that its unclassified email network had been breached in a cyberattack; the U.S. Postal Service reported that 800,000 personnel files were potentially affected by a cyber breach; the Department of Health and Human Services reported cyber intruders had accessed a server used to test code for the healthcare.gov website and installed malicious software; and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the agency that oversees the U.S. nuclear power industry, revealed a number of attempted intrusions and three successful intrusions into its computer systems. 
In cyber time, which is near the speed of 
light—federal computer networks will not get a warning from a determined enemy that an attack is occurring. 
Our nation’s critical infrastructure and civilian government agencies depend on the cybersecurity talent and resources that the Department of Homeland Security can provide on the frontline to defend against attacks. 
faced and overcome, we must create the resources and the institutional responses to protect our nation against cyber threats while preserving our liberties and freedoms. 
full cooperation and support of the private sector, computing research community and academia. 
and confidence of the American people that this new cyber threat center will be used for the purpose it was created and that the collaboration of others in this effort to better protect computing networks will be used only for protection and defense. 
the potential to develop skills that would be of benefit to our nation’s efforts to develop an effective cybersecurity defense and deterrence posture. 
It is my hope that as we move forward the 
Committee on Homeland Security will continue in a bipartisan manner to seek out the best ways to bring the brightest and most qualified people into the government as cybersecurity professionals. 
Toward that end, I am hosting a Town Hall 
on Wednesday, October 7, 2015, Town Hall’’ on Minority Representation in the Cybersecurity Workforce. 
I am pleased to have the Chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus join me in support of this important Town Hall. 
to the public regarding the employment opportunities available in STEM careers that include cybersecurity. 
Colleges and Universities, Hispanic Serving Institutions, Native American Colleges and Women’s Colleges and Universities should be actively engaged when agencies conduct outreach and program development on cybersecurity. 
The Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program’s report ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. Half of all STEM jobs are available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
not because the skills needed are too difficult to obtain, but because people are not aware of the jobs that are going unfilled today, nor do they know what education or training will create job security for the next 2 to 3 decades. 
I am very aware of the importance of STEM 
Houston has the second largest concentrations of engineers (22.4 for every 1,000 workers according to the Greater Houston Partnership.) 
economic success, but what we have done with STEM innovation and job creation in the city of Houston is not enough to satisfy the regions demand for STEM trained workers. 
We anticipate that in the next 5 years the 
gap in the number of people with STEM skills and training will not keep up with the number of positions requiring those skills. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in support of 
H.R. 3510, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3510, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1300) to amend section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
shall be valid for such period, not exceeding six months, as shall be by regulations prescribed, except that any visa issued to a child lawfully adopted by a United States citizen and spouse while such citizen is serving abroad in the United States Armed Forces, or is employed abroad by the United 
on business, shall be valid until such time, for a period not to exceed three years, as the adoptive citizen parent returns to the United States in due course of his service, employment, or business. 
visa may be replaced under the original number during the fiscal year in which the original visa was issued for an immigrant who establishes to the satisfaction of the consular officer that the immigrant— 
issued, on or after March 27, 2013, for a child who has been lawfully adopted, or who is coming to the United States to be adopted, by a United States citizen, any statutory immigrant visa fees relating to a renewal or replacement of such visa may be waived or, if already paid, may be refunded upon request, subject to such criteria as the Secretary of State may prescribe, if— 
the original immigrant visa during the period of its validity as a direct result of extraordinary circumstances, including the denial of an exit permit; and 
factors beyond the control of the adopting parent or parents and of the immigrant.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L OFGREN ) 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 1300 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
When I hold and kiss my little children goodbye to come to this place every week, the pain that I feel in leaving them for several days is mitigated by the conviction that I will be seeing them again very soon. 
But I stand here tonight, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of hundreds of American families who are separated from their children with no sense of certainty or knowing when they will be allowed to see their children again or to know when their children will be home for good. That is because, in September of 2013, now more than 2 years ago, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, or the DRC, ceased issuing exit visas, including visas for the more than 350 children who had been fully legally adopted by American families. These families had fully complied with international adoption laws in both the United States and the DRC, had already spent months or years going through the tedious intercountry adoption process, and some of them had already arrived in the DRC with the belief that they would be bringing their adoptive children home at last to their forever families in America. 
by both Congress and the State Department to alleviate any of the DRC Government’s concerns and resolve the exit permit process, Mr. Speaker, it is unknown when that suspension will be lifted. Meanwhile, American adoptive families are being faced with the added burden of having to repeatedly renew their adoptive child’s adoption paperwork and visas in order to keep it up to date. 
grants flexibility to the State Department to waive the immigration visa renewal fees of $325 per child for adoptive families in America in extraordinary circumstances like this where the cause of delay is out of the family’s control. Mr. Speaker, waiving the visa renewal fee would alleviate one portion of the overwhelming burden that these American families are enduring until their adoptive child or children can travel to the U.S. 
to work toward the Democratic Republic of the Congo lifting the exit permit suspension, this legislation is critically important and will offer some practical relief to the American families held powerless in a very difficult situation. 
many families waiting to bring their adopted children home will receive encouragement from the strong bipartisan effort here in Congress to support them during this time, as we work collectively to engage the DRC Government and work toward the suspension being fully lifted. This bill is a reminder to them that the Congress has not and will not forget their plight, and we will not cease working on their behalf until their families are finally permanently united and whole. 
thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairman R OYCE for their noble and principled leadership in helping to elevate this issue and bring this legislation to 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Democratic Republic of the Congo suspended issuing exit permits to children who had been adopted and trying to leave the country to be with their parents. To this day, that country continues to suspend issuing these permits; and without permits, the children can’t join their mom and dad, the people who have adopted them, even though the children are in possession of immigrant visas. 
child and not to be able to provide love and care for that child is a stressful and tormenting episode for any parent. For the families that adopted children in the DRC, this is exacerbated by the fact that their children are stuck in a country that has one of the worst healthcare systems in the world. 
throughout the United States—and about 350 of them are waiting simply for an exit permit—missing their children and worried about the health of their children stuck in the DRC. The only thing that is preventing them from bringing their child or children home is this exit visa. 
months, unfortunately, and I think, as was mentioned, it costs $325 to renew a visa even though, really, there is no work involved. We have checked with the State Department, and there is minimal expense. So this is not going to be a hit on the State Department’s budget, but it is a hit on the budget of families. Some families have spent $1,000 over the past 2 years, and since we don’t know when the DRC is going to start issuing these visas, we don’t know how much money these families are looking at in the future. 
exit problem, but at least it solves the financial burden that we have put, not intentionally, on these families. It is the right thing to do. It will show support for these families during this distressing time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). 
today in support of S. 1300, the Adoptive Family Relief Act. 
as any parent knows, not seeing your child for even one day can be hard. Now, imagine you are separated from your child by over 6,000 miles for more than 2 years. This is the reality for too many Americans. Hundreds of adopted children are stuck in the Democratic Republic of the Congo because their government has refused to provide the paperwork required for these children to leave. 
For over 2 years, the Meyers, a family in my district, have been waiting to bring home their son and daughter, Papy and Octavie. We can do better for Papy and Octavie and all the other children waiting to come home to their families. 
As the Department of State continues to work to bring home these children, S. 1300 would provide much needed relief to American families going through this harrowing experience. I urge my colleagues to vote for this legislation. It is the right thing to do and worthy of your support. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1300, the Adoptive Family Relief Act. This bill seeks to remove obstacles for immigrant visas to be issued to adopted children from other countries. It eliminates fees for such visas. 
orphans due to crises worldwide is increasing. Rather than frustrate, however, or undermine the compassion and the love of American families who seek to adopt, this legislation modestly seeks to remove some of those barriers and some of those obstacles. 
that I have held of number of hearings on adoption in my subcommittee, the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. At one of those hearings several months ago, one of our witnesses made a very keen observation that there are more than 50 million children orphaned on the continent of Africa; and if you put that number in perspective, that would make that number of children, if they were in a single country, the fourth largest country in all of Africa after Nigeria, Ethiopia, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
is intercountry adoption, which sometimes brings children from Africa to our shores to provide them with loving homes. Of course, this is only a partial remedy. Many do find a place to live, a home with family members, but many others are left to fend for themselves. 
This legislation recognizes that countries’ policies do matter. Look at the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Currently, there are more than 400 American families who have successfully adopted children from the DRC. However, due to the DRC Government’s suspension of exit permits, which was implemented beginning in September of 2013, many of these families have been unable to bring their adopted children home to the United States. About a dozen of those children have paid with their lives, dying in the country before they could receive medical attention. Others are in dire need of medical aid which, again, this legislation would help, at least, in terms of the families to give them a bridge for the 
I would point out that at one of my 
hearings, one of the witnesses really, in a very powerful way, said—and her name was Jovana Jones, an adoptive parent—‘‘As adoptive parents, we spend years preparing, and it is imperative that our children come home immediately. We have done our part. Our families have done all we can, and we are at our limit.’’ 
open now, and our homes are ready to receive them today. We pray that our government mirrors our dedication and acts now so that our children come home soon.’’ 
This is a very important piece of legislation that hopefully will facilitate the adoption and, at least, help those parents who are putting their money on the line; and it allows them to facilitate that adoption, to just hang in there until they can get their children. 
coming to the floor, I wanted to reassure myself that the State Department did not have the authority to waive these fees just administratively. It is pretty clear that they need this legislation in order to waive these fees. In fact, they want to waive the fees; they want to support the families. So there is no argument here between the House and Senate, between Republicans and Democrats, between the administration and the legislative branch. This is something that we can all agree on. 
You know, to raise kids is one of the 
most wonderful experiences you can ever have, and we have wonderful American families that want to provide a home for orphans, not only in the DRC, but to orphans all around the world. So it is really important for those of us in the government, administration, and Congress to do what we can to support American families who want to raise these adoptive children. 
the problem today, but we have had other problems in the past in other countries, in Latin America and Asia. So this change in the law is going to provide the necessary basis for relieving parents from excessive fees should this occur, God forbid, with other countries. 
to redouble its efforts with the DRC to get these exit permits underway. It is really unfair to the children and their parents to keep these kids stranded. 
have not done very much by way of anything touching on immigration where we could have bipartisan support. I still wish that we had before us comprehensive immigration reform. That is not this, but it doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t support this. I think that it is important that we pass this and show these American parents that we are on their side and we hope that they can use the funds that they save to provide for their new sons and 
has additional speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
things that we do in this body more important than trying to make sure that parentless little children have hope in life. Through our State Department, all across the world we do very laudable things to try to make sure they have this chance in life. Sometimes it is orphanages; sometimes it is just other types of help through NGOs. 
everything that we can to facilitate children being put into a loving family on a permanent basis. To bring sometimes childless parents together with often parentless children is, I think, a very beautiful and noble effort on our part. I hope that this bill allows that in a greater way with the DRC and, as Ms. LOFGREN mentioned, with other states 
support. I know this is something that we have come together on. Again, I express appreciation to Chairman ROYCE , 
Chairman G OODLATTE , and to the gentlewoman who has expressed her support for this. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 6 o’clock 
No. 534 I was not present due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
honor and remember the lives of those who were taken too soon at Umpqua Community College on Thursday, October 1, 2015. 
friends and families of these nine victims as they grieve and rebuild from this tragedy. 
and prayers those who were injured physically and emotionally by this event. It will take time, our support, and patience as they grieve and recover. 
strong, and tightknit community. I am heartened, and not surprised, by the acts of kindness and generosity in response to this unthinkable act. We call that ‘‘UCC Strong,’’ ‘‘Roseburg Strong.’’ It is this strong spirit that will carry everyone through this difficult time. 
pause for a moment of silence in honor of those impacted by the tragic events at Umpqua Community College last week. 
REFORMING ACCESS FOR INVESTMENTS IN STARTUP ENTERPRISES ACT OF 2015 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1839) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain transactions involving purchases by accredited investors, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 30, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Cicilline Clyburn Conyers DeSaulnier Dingell Engel Gosar Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hudson Hunter Jenkins (WV) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Lummis Marchant Reed Rooney (FL) Simpson 
Sinema Smith (TX) Vela Walorski Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Yarmuth 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
No. 535, I was not present due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, October 6, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 534 and 535. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2168) to make the current Dungeness crab fishery management regime permanent and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘West Coast 
Section 203 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to 
approve a governing international fishery agreement between the United States and the Republic of Poland, and for other purposes’’, approved November 13, 1998 (Public Law 105–384; 16 U.S.C. 1856 note) is amended— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and the 
gentleman from Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, today, we are considering H.R. 2168, sponsored by my friend and fellow Washingtonian, Congresswoman JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER . 
This bipartisan, consensusbased legislation makes permanent the longstanding management of the Dungeness crab fishery by Washington, Oregon, and California. The three States manage this crab fishery under the umbrella of the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission. Management is funded by the participating States. 
this management. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office recently estimated that H.R. 2168 would save the Federal Government up to $1 million in discretionary Federal spending since State management would continue under this bill. 
bill is not enacted, then the Federal Government would have to expend new resources to manage the fishery. This bill keeps that from happening. The States have shown that they are exemplary at handling this management and it is unnecessary for this authority to fall to the Federal Government. 
taxpayer, a win for the seafood consumer, a win for my home State as well as the States of Oregon and California, and a win for those employed by the sustainable harvest of the species. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
clause from legislation that allows the West Coast Dungeness crab fishery in Federal waters to be managed cooperatively by the States instead of by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA. 
the most valuable fisheries on the Pacific Coast, and it is a model of effective marine resource management. 
robust stock assessments, accurate catch reporting, and harmony between Federal waters commercial fishermen and nearshore recreational crabbers, make regional management a good choice. 
have managed the fisheries together with oversight from NOAA since 1980 and have proven they can do so responsibly. 
continue managing the Dungeness fishery without having to return to Congress every several years for permission. 
of Mexico red snapper, management of the Dungeness crab is based on cooperation among States and fishing sectors as well as respect for the best available science, and the States have proven to be good stewards of the resource. 
I agree with the goals of this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to stand with me in support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ), 
my colleague and friend, who has committed to me that she will go to every effort to make sure she has samples of Dungeness crab in her office so we all know what we are talking about. 
Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2168, the West Coast Dungeness Crab Management Act. This bipartisan bill is an important solution for residents of coastal communities in southwest Washington. 
state Dungeness crab management agreement will expire September 30 of 2016. This bill simply makes permanent the management authority between Washington, Oregon, and California. This management authority has worked. 
have overseen one of the most valuable fisheries in the Pacific Northwest. In 
2014, fishermen delivered 53 million pounds of crab, totaling $170 million. This economic activity helped support the 61,000 jobs relating to the seafood industry in Washington State alone. 
The fishery has been managed in a sustainable way. And, importantly, it doesn’t cost taxpayers a dime. 
However, should this authority expire, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, says its management of the fishery will cost taxpayers over $1.15 million each year. 
local control on the West Coast and ensures sustainability of the Dungeness crab fishery, and it saves taxpayer dollars. 
and the House Natural Resource staff for bringing this bill to the floor. It is common sense. 
this bill to ensure a bright, sustainable economic future for coastal crabdependent communities like Ilwaco, Washington, and many others on the West Coast. 
further speakers. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2168. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, 
have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to support this good, bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2168, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 986) to require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
entitled ‘‘The Town of Albuquerque Grant, Bernalillo County, within Township 10 North, Range 3 East, of the New Mexico Principal Meridian, New Mexico—Metes and Bounds Survey’’ and dated August 12, 2011. 
private and municipal utility and service right or agreement. 
municipal encumbrance, rightofway, restriction, easement of record, or utility service agreement in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and the 
gentleman from Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of S. 986, which would direct the Secretary of the Interior to place 11 acres of Federal land into trust for the collective benefit of 19 Pueblos in the State of New Mexico. 
of the Albuquerque Indian School site, which are culturally and historically significant to the Pueblos. Upon transfer, the lands may be used by the 19 Pueblos for the educational, health, cultural, business, and economic development purposes by these Pueblo tribes. One important thing to note is this land may not be used for gaming purposes under this bill. 
the lands of the former Albuquerque Indian School for the cultural and economic benefit of the 19 Pueblos. This is the last portion of Federal lands of the former school site, which has not been conveyed to the 19 Pueblos. 
New Mexico congressional delegation. Recognizing the support of the local delegation, the House companion bill, H.R. 1880, sponsored by Congresswoman 
by the Natural Resources Committee on September 30 of 2015. I urge passage of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey approximately 11 acres of land to the United States to be held in trust for the 19 Pueblos of New Mexico. 
used for the educational, health, cultural, business, and economic development of the 19 Pueblos. 
Passage of this bill will finally complete the process started in 1969 when the United States began converting the Albuquerque Indian School Reserve into land under the jurisdiction and control of the 19 Pueblos. 
and championing the House version of the act and to Chairman BISHOP and 
I would also like to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Washington, for joining me tonight in managing this bill. 
legislation is supported by the entire New Mexico delegation. I urge its quick adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. I reserve the balance of my time. 
much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), the sponsor 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative SABLAN and Representative 
bringing this legislation to the floor. Of course, I extend my gratitude to our Senator TOMUDALL for working with 
companion to the Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act, which, as you have heard, directs the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust four tracts of land for the New Mexico 19 Pueblos. 
be used for educational, health, cultural, business, and economic development of the New Mexico Pueblos. The four parcels are located within a former Federal Indian boarding school site called the 1884 Albuquerque Indian School Reserve in Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
long process of converting the Reserve into land under the jurisdiction and control of the New Mexico Pueblos. Since then, Congress has enacted legislation in 1978, 2001, and 2008 to convey additional land from the Reserve in trust for the New Mexico Pueblos. 
Bureau of Land Management conducted a new survey of the former school properties and identified minor discrepancies in the previous trust deeds and, also, identified the correct boundaries of two additional tracts of land within the Reserve that the Bureau of Indian Affairs no longer needed for its administrative functions. 
This legislation addresses those technical discrepancies identified by BLM’s survey, and it would complete the process of transferring BIA’s portion of the Reserve to New Mexico’s Pueblos. 
expand their current economic development plan for the region, which creates jobs, expands educational and cultural opportunities, while continuing to generate revenue for the New Mexico Pueblos. 
noncontroversial legislation, which, as you have heard, has the support of the entire New Mexico delegation and would benefit the New Mexico 19 Pueblos. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
new fines the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is proposing could destroy New Hampshire’s remaining fishermen who are carrying on a proud New England tradition. 
legislation to stop the Federal agency from shifting its funding responsibility to our struggling Granite State fishermen. 
NOAA mandates that atsea contractors monitor their daily catch, but will cease to pay for this government mandate in December, forcing fishermen to pick up the more than $700 per day tab. 
on the hook for thousands of dollars in new fees each month. That is a figure that would simply eradicate the industry in my home State. 
England Fisherman Preservation Act simply asks the Federal agency to continue paying for a program it has funded for years rather than forcing hardworking, middleclass families to pay for it. 
of the aisle to join me in support of this bill, so important to hardworking fishermen who put food on our tables so that they can continue with their task. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am the proud mother of a United States Marine war veteran, and our family is blessed he returned home with sound body and mind, but too many of our courageous heroes did not. 
October 5 marks the 1year anniversary of the dedication of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial. It is a beautiful tribute to the brave men and women who suffered permanent injuries on the battlefield. This memorial sits just south of our Capitol, and it reminds us every day of the selflessness of those who fought for our freedom and returned home with the scars of duty. 
I offer my great thanks and appreciation to the 4 million veterans who are living today with servicerelated disabilities and the friends and the family who take care of them. The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial celebrates your lives every day, as we all do in our hearts and our minds. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to recognize the tragically short life of Ramiro ‘‘Toti’’ Mendez and to honor the dedication of the Toti Mendez Cardiopulmonary Diagnostic Suite at Florida International University, my alma mater, in Miami. 
FIU student baseball player who passed away, sadly, on April 2, 2000, as a result of an undetected heart problem. Florida International University will celebrate the dedication of this important health resource on Monday, October 19. Parents of student athletes may now find the peace of mind that their sons or daughters are clear of any underlying heart issues before they ever hit the field. 
Cardiopulmonary Diagnostic Suite, Toti’s legacy will continue to live on at FIU in support of other student athletes throughout south Florida, indeed, throughout our great State. 
entire family for helping keep his legacy alive and for saving so many student athletes’ lives. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in honor of the triumph of the RoboGals, a student robotics team from the 11th Congressional District of Illinois. 
fifth grader at the John C. Dunham STEM Partnership School, and Jensie Coonradt, a fourth grader at The Wheatlands Elementary School, both in Aurora, Illinois. They met at an afterschool robotics club hosted by Chasewood Learning, an educational organization that uses Lego robots to teach students how to build and program their machines for competition. 
After winning the regional competition at SciTech Hands On Museum in Aurora, Illinois, the RoboGals went on to win the national championship of the World Robotic Olympiad in Michigan. Now they advance to the world championship round in Qatar, taking on over 50 countries from all over the globe. I, together with all Americans, wish them the best of luck. 
young women across our country who are enthusiastic about science and engineering, and the 11th Congressional District is proud to have such bright young women representing our country on the global stage. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Each month we all react to the release of the employment report as the supposed indicator of economic health around our country. The most recent jobs numbers show an unemployment rate of 5.1 percent, but that headline number paints a picture that simply doesn’t exist. It distorts the economic outlook and distracts this Chamber from working toward the creation of better jobs and more opportunities for millions of Americans. 
criticized this method as overstating job market strength, noting that the Bureau of Labor Statistics only considers limited factors when reporting the unemployment rate and ignoring things like underemployment or the number of workers who have left the labor force. What we are left with is a flawed view of labor market strength. 
colleagues in introducing the Labor Statistics Improvement Act, which would clear the way for changes in 
methodology that could help the unemployment rate more accurately reflect the strength of the labor market. 
Congress addresses real economic challenges, we can’t afford to get it wrong. 
today to honor the life of a dedicated Fort Worth community leader, Erma Johnson Hadley, who passed away last 
Texas, where she graduated from high school in 1959 and became the first Black woman from Leggett to attend college. Mrs. Hadley attended Prairie View A&M University. 
When she finished her career teaching in high school, she came to Tarrant County College, where she served in a variety of different roles, including vice chancellor, and was ultimately named the interim chancellor and chancellor in 2010 of the Tarrant County College system. 
passion for ensuring accessible and affordable education for students in Tarrant County. I will never forget Mrs. Erma Johnson Hadley telling me a story about how while all kids are not necessarily gifted equally, all kids that put their mind to it, if their parents work with them, can get a good education and make something of themselves. 
every student that attended Tarrant County College, and I know that the campus and the students are going to continue to benefit from her legacy and her belief in them. 
Hadley; Ardenia Johnson Gould, who is her daughter; and Spencer Gould, her soninlaw; and a grandchild. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this is a very difficult time for Americans as we mourn with our fellow citizens in Oregon. I offer my deepest sympathy to the congressional delegation here in the Congress, as we join them in their expression of deep sympathy to those who were injured and those who lost their lives, to the families of those individuals. 
States military, and he indicated that in battle he had two guns. We understand that the perpetrator of this horrible act had at least 14 guns, or doubledigit guns. 
safety?’’ Mr. Speaker, it is time now to ask the question of an extended waiting period so that someone would not amass 14, 15, 30 guns, more than the United States military, and a serious background check dealing with any issues that would impact a person’s stability in having guns. 
they use guns to kill. I have been through too many of these, Mr. Speaker, from Columbine to this incident. Every single one I have been through since being in the United States Congress. It is time for the Congress to act. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
attention of the House is drawn to many, many issues this week. Certainly, the tragedy in Oregon draws all of our attention, our sympathy, but unfortunately not our vote. We have never really had a vote here on the floor of the House to deal with this issue of gun safety; although, legislation has been passed around many, many times. 
Even the most conservative columnists are now saying that we must take action, and we really should. So I will just start by saying to all of our colleagues: Let’s vote, vote up or down on the various proposals that have been made. 
is turned to who is going to be the next Speaker. It seems to occupy most of the discussion and most of the articles in the newspapers around this town. It is important, but there are many, many other issues that come before the House. Some of them are really going to affect America. 
today, and it is in the context of something we have been discussing here for the last 4 or 5 years. We call it Make It In America. It is about rebuilding the American manufacturing sector. It is about rebuilding the American middle class. It is about creating jobs in America by doing what we once did so very, very well, which is manufacturing. Make things: big things, little things, all kinds of things. We call it our Make It In America agenda. 
quickly here and then focus on one piece of this agenda. Here it is: trade policies. This is going to take a lot of time to discuss this. We are not going to go into it today, but the President announced just in the last couple days that the TransPacific Partnership deal is done. 
Now, we don’t know what is in it. We 
have—at least I have—great concerns about this and that it will be one more 
step in hollowing out the American manufacturing sector, but it is all secret. We don’t know yet. We will find out soon enough, and we will undoubtedly come back and talk about trade. 
the trade issue and whether we are going to send more of our jobs overseas. 
today I really want to focus on this energy and infrastructure. If you bear with me a few moments, I want to go into this in some detail. 
to make America energy independent, and in the last 5 years, 6 years now, we have seen an enormous increase in the production of energy in the United States. 
from green technologies—solar, wind, and biofuels—and many other ways of producing renewable energy called green energy. That is good because all of that reduces greenhouse gas emissions, and we need to do more of it. 
Frankly, we need tax policy. Maybe I will put this back up again 
so I can point out the way in which the Make It In America agenda fits all of this. 
with green energy. There are tax breaks for solar installation on your home, solar installation for businesses, the production tax credit for wind and solar. All of these things make it really possible to advance the green energy agenda. 
Tax policy also has a great deal to do 
with the other part of our energy independence—we are not quite there, but we are making great advances on it— and that has to do with petroleum products: natural gas and crude oil. 
Bakken revolution in Wyoming and North Dakota producing a lot of energy. We are talking about different techniques to extract oil, enhanced oil production, otherwise known as fracking. All of these things have led to an explosion—well, literally, in the case of the Bakken fuel because it is highly volatile, and it does explode when trains tip over. 
is an explosion in the volume of oil and natural gas produced in America. We have literally doubled the production of natural gas and oil over the last 5 to 6 years, bringing down the cost of fuel. Also, around the world, the slowdown of the Chinese economy and Europe have reduced the demand for oil, and we are seeing a reduced price of oil on the world market, even at a time when we are seeing more and more production of crude oil and natural gas here in the United States. 
What does all this mean to the oil industry, to the petroleum industry? It means they have got a lot of oil, and the United States is not consuming all of it or as much as they would like to 
keep the prices up. So guess what they want to do. They want to export oil. Isn’t that something? 
How do we become energyindependent if we are exporting oil? Well, we have got a lot of interesting economic arguments about how that could be done. I am saying I don’t think so. 
I don’t think it is in the interest of 
the United States to take a strategic national asset—natural gas, crude oil— and export it to China. It may be good for China. It certainly would be good for the energy industry, the petroleum industry. Wow, they have got a new market. 
ban on the export of crude oil to other countries, with the exception of Mexico and Canada. We swap crude oil back and forth. A little bit of crude oil is also shipped out of the United States from the North Slope of Alaska. 
A very interesting law was established back in the seventies, when there was this energy crisis and there were long lines at the gasoline pumps. That law said: No. You cannot export crude oil. 
was a little opening provided for Mexico and Canada and for Alaska North Slope oil. It could be shipped to other countries—exported—with this caveat: You cannot increase domestic oil prices. 
I don’t know that that was ever enforced. We certainly saw the gasoline prices zip to the top last year. Now it is coming back down, and that is good. It is bad that it went up, good that it is coming down. 
Energy or the Department of Commerce really enforced what was in the law about the export of crude oil from Alaska. 
natural gas and crude oil—that has allowed us to have a resurgence of American manufacturing. They are coming home. American manufacturers are coming home to make it in America. 
coming back to America because natural gas prices are low. Other companies are doing the same thing. Because the United States has a strategic advantage as a result of strategic assets: oil and natural gas, together with green energy. 
want to do? They want to ruin all of that. They want to take the strategic assets and ship them overseas. 
This week the House of Representatives is going to take up a piece of legislation that opens the spigot for the export of crude oil. There is already an open spigot for the export of natural gas. I will come to that in a few moments. 
United States? Well, if you are in the oil patch—North Dakota, Texas, maybe 
Maybe you will be able to make a little more money. 
American consumers at the pump, truckers, trains. All of those use diesel produced here in the United States from our refineries. 
but bad for America. We ought not do that. And if you would consider for a few moments that, should we ever allow the export of crude oil, we ought to put some serious caveats on that piece of legislation. 
of this House decided no, no, no caveats. Just a bare bill. Open the spigot. Send the crude oil overseas. Don’t worry about the price of fuel. Don’t worry about the price of energy in the United States. Worry about the bottom line of the petroleum industry. 
I say time out. Wait a minute. This is 
America. This is about the American economy. This is about men and women that go to the gas pump and buy gasoline, farmers out there having to buy diesel in order to plow their fields and harvest their crops, trains moving goods and services back across the United States, the airline industry. 
industry. This is a big deal for America. If we take a strategic national asset and just allow it to go anywhere in the world so that it is to the benefit of a small, but important, slice of the American economy, we are making a big mistake. 
this piece of legislation. Harken back to the Alaska situation back in 1995 where they opened the spigot. They put in a caveat that said: No. You can’t do it if it results in an adverse effect on the price of transportation fuels and home heating fuels in the United States. 
week have any caveats on it? No. It doesn’t have that one. 
we are going to ship a strategic national asset overseas, why don’t we look at other strategic assets in the United States, shipbuilding? 
The entire United States Navy is dependent on American shipyards for all of their ships. Those shipyards no longer produce large, oceangoing commercial vessels. All of that has been off to China, off to Korea and Japan. All of those countries subsidize those shipyards. We don’t do it in the United States. 
of this crude oil and simply say, if we are going to export crude oil, caveat one, not at the expense of American consumers; two, not at the expense of American refiners and other strategic asset—the refinery of these petroleum products; and, three, ship it on Americanbuilt ships with American mariners. 
and women working in the shipyards producing smaller ships for trade within the coastal zone of the United States and for the barges up and down the rivers and canals of the United States, but not building oceangoing tankers. What does it mean? Well, let me just give you an example. 
It has been estimated that the maximum amount of oil that could be shipped is somewhere about 3.6 million barrels a day. That is at the top level. Hopefully, they will never get close to that because that is almost certain to raise prices. But let’s say that they do. 
the ocean today—these are the maximum tankers, too large to even go through the new Panama Canal and larger than the Panamax ships—it would take 180 ships to handle 3.6 million barrels of oil a day. 
built ships? This isn’t Saudi Arabian oil. This isn’t Iraqi oil, Venezuelan oil. This is American oil. What if we require that that oil be shipped on American ships and suddenly, over the next decade or two, our shipyards were to build 180 supertankers or, if they are Panamaxsize ships, 384 Panamaxsize ships? 
take place in the American shipyards and then through the entire supply train, all of the engines, all of the communications, all of the electronics, all of the pumps, all of the valves. We could see a resurgence in American manufacturing. 
benefit. Americans benefit in the shipyards and in the manufacturing facilities all across this Nation. 
But, no, we are not going to do that 
here on the House floor. We are going to simply take a bill that opens the spigot and that gives the benefits to the oil patch, to the petroleum industry. 
And I am not saying that is not good 
for them. There will certainly be jobs. There will be some construction jobs, and there will be oil rigs that will have to be built. That is good. 
But think what we could do if we had 
a law that said: Okay. We are going to ship, but we are going to protect the domestic price of refined products, we are going to protect the American refineries, we are going to build American ships, and we are going to put American mariners on those ships. 
We are talking about tens of thousands, if not a hundred thousand, new jobs in the United States. That is a good thing for the middle class. That is a good thing for America. 
oil export bill. But it is not going to happen. The majority here isn’t going to allow that. They are simply going to pass a bill that opens the spigot. 
It is a shame. Shame on all of us if 
we would allow that to happen. Shame on us if we do not protect the American consumer. Shame on us if we do not protect the American maritime industry, the shipyards of America, the American middle class. Watch closely. It is going to happen. 
It is going to happen here on the House floor this week while all of the attention of America is looking at this Speakership thing. 
critical issue. I want to take up one more and then I will call it a night. 
the Eastern Corridor, and it is 100 percent Americanmade. Why is it 100 percent Americanmade for the first time in decades—well, at least a decade and a half—and that the United States is once again producing locomotives? 
district, in Sacramento. It is about 4 or 5 miles from the edge of my district. Several hundred men and women are employed doing this. 
Congress wrote policy that said your taxpayer dollars are going to be used not to buy a locomotive made in China or Japan or Europe, but to buy a locomotive made in America, made in America. Your tax dollars are being used to build locomotives in America. 
which is where I want to go now. Before I do, I guess I forgot this. 
This is a liquefied natural gas tanker. I was just talking about crude oil and what could be done. This is another one. If we are going to export our natural gas—that strategic asset—it ought to be exported on American made liquefied natural tankers. 
Texas to export liquefied natural gas. That facility will take 100 tankers for that one facility. Not to worry. Those tankers are going to be made in China, Japan, Korea. They are not going to be made in America. 
to do is write 16 lines of law—we would be manufacturing these tankers in the United States. 
about the crude oil tankers. I won’t go into it in any more detail. This is one of the great coulddo’s, shoulddo’s, oughttodo’s for America. 
So the export of these strategic national assets—natural gas, petroleum— why don’t we build them in America? Why don’t we make it in America? 
I started to talk about the locomotives. October 29 is just about 23 days from today. The highway trust fund is out of money. Once again, we are on one of those cliffs—this time, a transportation cliff—and we have got to do something. 
And so what are we going to do? The 
President proposed the GROW America Act. It provides money for our crumbling transportation system, the infrastructure structure. 
There is a rail portion of it, locomotives, improving the rail system. There are buses, ports, bridges, and highways. It is a very, very good piece of legislation. It is $476 billion over the next 6 years. It is a big deal. 
I think, 18 in the infrastructure capability compared to other nations of the world. 
miles of highspeed rail. The United States has zero. Chinese airports, Japanese airports. I think even Cuba is now in the process of building a new deepwater port to take the Panamax ships. 
The Grow America Act is totally stalled. It is not going anywhere right now. 
But we have got 23 days. So what are 
we proposing? Are we proposing something that will increase the rail capacity in the United States, that will combine rail, ports, and highways into a system to provide for goods movement, freight movement, integrated? No, we are not going to do such a thing. Other countries do it. Hey, but this is America. We just like to fall behind. 
America Act? Well, some of us have introduced it. Some of us think we ought to do something like this, that we really ought to pay for our infrastructure. 
taxes. It doesn’t raise diesel taxes, but it does require that those American corporations that have skipped out on their obligation to their home country to bring their profits back to the United States and be taxed. 
tax on gasoline and fuel, and we pay for the rest of this by having American corporations pay their just due to this Nation by repatriating their foreign earnings hidden off somewhere in Ireland or some other tax havens, not taxed, even though they are American corporations. 
Oh, and some of this stuff is just too 
their manufacturing is overseas, and most of their profits are overseas also because, even though it is invented here, even though the software, even though the new equipment is invented in California, it is licensed in Ireland, and the profits stay in Ireland and are taxed there at a very low percentage— not fair to America. 
from other companies as well, and it would fill this $476 billion over 6 years. 
$52 billion a year for highways. We are presently spending $41 billion a year for highways, so we are looking at something $11 billion more for highways. Maybe there won’t be so many potholes. Maybe one out of four bridges in the United States will get repaired. Right now, they are deficient. They could fall down. They are insufficient in capacity. Maybe we could do that. 
Now, the Senate has done a little better. The Senate has passed a highway bill that is $46 billion a year, which is $5 billion more than we are currently spending, and that is good. It is a 5 
year program that is only paid for in 3 years. 
but it is a good start. But the Grow America Act, $52 billion a year. 
States? Anybody take BART in California, or the Metro system in Los Angeles, or here in Washington, the Metro, or the subways in Chicago, New York, Atlanta and so forth? That is called transit. We are presently spending about $10 billion, $10.6 billion a year on transit, supporting these transportation systems. The Senate bill adds about $2 billion, so they go to $12.5 billion. 
with it. Let’s build those systems. $19 billion, without raising your fuel taxes. 
But if you happen to be those American companies that have skipped out on their obligation to this Nation, they are going to wind up paying their fair share. 
billion annually for transit, to $19 billion in the Grow America Act. 
up here? We presently spend $1.4 billion on our rail system—not the transit. This is the heavy rail system. The Senate would go to $2.2 billion, and the Grow America Act would go to $4.7 billion. 
here in the House of Representatives and the Senate. In fact, your American Government has perfected this game. Something, when you didn’t have a ball to kick around, you would kick a can around. It is called kick the can down the road. We have perfected that. I think we have done it more than 30 times to transportation over the last decade and a half. 
as the attention of America and the attention here amongst all of us is focused on the Speakership fights, which will culminate at the end of October when the Speaker retires and we will have a new vote. But in the intervening 23 days, are we going to focus on a transportation program for America or are we going to focus on the internal politics of the House of Representatives? 
I will tell you where I would put my 
money. I would put my money on the House of Representatives worrying about the internal politics of who is going to be the next leader and not paying attention to what America wants us to do. 
their needs, not to the internal politics of this place, but to the needs of America, American jobs for American workers. 
tankers? You bet we can. We are already building ships that are fueled by liquefied natural gas. We are doing it 
in San Diego. We know how to do this. We would have to ramp up. We are not going to build 180 ships in 1 year, but we sure could over the next two decades. 
petroleum industry than we do about the American worker and the American sailor and the shipyards of America. I am afraid that is the way it is likely to be here. 
I notice that I am joined here by an 
extraordinary woman from what used to be the manufacturing center of the United States, the Midwest, Ohio, to be quite clear. 
for more than I probably should have in time but, boy, these are important issues. These are really important issues. Please join us. 
from California for being an extraordinary leader on Make It In America and restoring prosperity to all corners of this country. The citizens of California really have sent an amazing Congressman to speak on behalf of the Nation and the importance of making items in America. 
three decades, that we have accumulated over $9 trillion in trade deficit, which translates into lost wealth, lost income for America’s families, and, ultimately, a budget deficit that we just can’t get under control because people aren’t earning enough. So much economic activity has been outsourced that there are many who have forgotten how much manufacturing actually matters. 
it in America, grow it in America, use the technology of America to transform farm field products into ethanol and biodiesel. 
Let us use the sun. Let us invent our 
way forward to become energy independent because, at some point, not in our lifetime, but at some point over the next 100 years, the oil wells will run dry, and even the natural gas fields currently being discovered in Ohio and Pennsylvania, which are mother lode supplies with horizontal drilling, those are finite and they will be gone. So the world with many more people is going to have to figure out how to sustain life. 
of these issues in terms of energy production, America’s need to become energy secure, which would create prosperity here at home, and also all the investments of hard infrastructure on rail, on overtheroad, air transportation. 
and, in my part of the country, the Great Lakes St. Lawrence Seaway so in need of infrastructure improvement, several billion dollars actually. 
morning, inviting in many of the business interests along the seaway and looking for ways in our transportation bill where we can make more investment in that region so it can sing fully economically again. 
So I thank the gentleman for a moment here. And believe me, I unite 
with you in your efforts to make America fully strong again, and Make It In America can lead us down that path. 
leader on these issues for many, many years and certainly in your territory of Ohio. You saw what happened when the manufacturing plants left; but they are coming back, and we can make policy to do that. 
that you would like to bring to our attention. You are certainly welcome to do so. 
I think with that, it is time for me to 
say ‘‘enough,’’ or maybe I have said too much already. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MCSALLY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
Madam Speaker, this evening, just before votes, I went outside on the balcony here of this Capitol to watch the sun set. It was one of those beautiful evenings of crimson and gold and gray clouds silhouetted against the twilight glow of the evening. And then I glanced over to the buildings here at the Capitol and was suddenly brought back to reality when I saw so many flags on our buildings flying at half mast, flying at half mast because, once again, we are remembering the tragedies that have shaken our Nation time and time again. 
bloody summer of many attacks that have been associated with folks with mental illness. 
I know most people with mental illness are not violent, and I know that there are many other tragedies that occur; but tonight, during this week, which is Mental Health Week in America, I want to highlight, Madam Speaker, what we must do as a nation, what we cannot continue to push aside. 
headquarters by a man who had a history of family violence and mental instability; 
shooting in a movie theater by a man who had had a judge’s orders to send him to a mental hospital in the past; 
onair shooting, a tragic scene of a reporter being killed, and a cameraman; August 28, 2015, Houston, Texas, 
while a deputy police officer was at a gas station, riddled with bullets by a man who had a history of mental illness; 
September 22, the son of a State senator, former State senator of Virginia, killed a man, and also killed himself in Bowling Green; 
Roseburg, Oregon, nine people were killed, and the gunman killed himself in another tragic scene. 
course. In this country last year, 125 people with mental illness were killed in some sort of a police shooting where the police oftentimes did not even know, but the confrontation grew and ended in a death. 
between 1,200 and 1,500 murders in this country this last year by people with mental illness. But more than that, there are 10,000 or more, maybe 20,000, maybe 100,000 people with mental illness who are the victims of crime. Some are killed. 
slowmotion death of homelessness, of their physical ailments and their illnesses. 
million suicide attempts that required some medical care, 43,000 substance abuse overdose deaths. This list goes on and on and on. 
people with mental illness early in their life, their prognosis is improved. In many cases, they can go on to have fruitful lives. But when it is untreated, they likely develop other problems, not just with mental illness, but social, job, and physical health. 
in treatment, are 15 times less likely to engage in an act of violence than those who are not in treatment. 
any given year will have some diagnosable mental illness, from the very mild and transient ones, which we all experience, to severe mental illness, such as schizophrenia or bipolar or extreme depression. But of those with serious mental illness, about 4 million of those 11 million will not have any treatment for a variety of reasons: treatment may not be available; they may refuse treatment; or what happens so often with those with serious mental illness, they are characteristically unaware that they have an illness—it is a brain illness, a serious mental illness— like a person with Alzheimer’s or stroke or traumatic brain injury, a person who may not even know that they have a problem. 
What do we do about this as a nation? Mostly we just talk. Sadly and tragically, what we do here in the House of Representatives, we will have a moment of silence, but it is not followed by action. What we need is not more silence. We need action. Madam Speaker, we need people in 
this country to rise up and say: This is the time. This is the day. This is the issue where we are, once and for all, going to do comprehensive reform of our mental health system in America. 
Our mental health system in America is fragmented at best, a system with regulations that are abusive and neglectful towards those with serious mental illness. And more so, it is worse if you are a minority or lowincome. 
This is odd because in a field that is 
filled with some of the most compassionate and caring people I know, people I have had the pleasure to work side by side with in my role as a psychologist, we have Federal policies and State policies that leave their hands tied, their eyes blinded, and their mouths gagged to prevent treatment from occurring. Ultimately, the individuals suffer and their families suffer. 
problem is and what can be done systemically, thoroughly, and definitively, what this country must do if we are serious about treating mental illness. 
One of my colleagues from the Toledo area, who represents northern Ohio, is with us now. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank you, Congressman M URPHY , for yielding to me. I 
want to say how fortunate the country is that the people of Pennsylvania have elected you here to serve the people of our Nation with the strong background that you have and with the obvious depths of knowledge that you have about those who are mentally ill and the compassion you have in a field that is very difficult, where the answers still remain incomplete. 
I want to be on the floor this evening 
to say to those who are listening in the Chamber, to those who may be listening outside, your efforts to draft the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, is a watershed moment in this Congress. 
longer than the others on the floor this evening. I was here in 1998 when, sadly, we lost two of our Capitol Police officers, Jacob Chestnut and John Gibson. A diagnosed schizophrenic receiving Federal SSI benefits but off his medicines and estranged from his family headed on a rampage all across the country, all the way from the West to here, and delusionally, he set out to quash, I guess, a purple force he had tracked here to the Capitol. 
desks. I thought, well, maybe this is the moment that Congress will finally face up to the violent impulses that have fallen right at our knees. I said, but I would wager one of two things will happen: either we will finally cut the mustard and do what is right, or we will have more barricades and armed officers. Well, it was the latter option that actually happened. 
As we mourn the deaths of nine innocent victims at Umpqua Community 
College, I commend Congressman M URPHYof Pennsylvania for putting a bill 
forward that forces us to probe deeply the pattern of these mass shootings. We need to know the perpetrators. 
We understand the perpetrator in Oregon had served in the U.S. military 
for a very brief time. He was discharged. And my question to the U.S. military is: Why? Why was he discharged? Did you discharge him to care if you saw a pattern that needed treatment? Or did you close your eyes too? Because that has happened repeatedly in the U.S. military, though I must say that they are doing a little bit better, because some of their own members have now been killed around the country because of individuals who face very severe illnesses in their own lives and have simply never had the kind of doctor to help them come out of the dark shadows of the existence in which they have been living. 
abandoned by their families. Many times they are expelled from school. 
you see the people who commit these heinous, heinous crimes and then many times take their own life, they are completely alone or they are living with one member of their family, abandoned by their other family members and, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has said, many times ending up homeless, the victims of attacks themselves, or many times, out of whatever is happening in a very ill brain, taking it out on the rest of society. 
requires a discipline that Congressman MURPHY has and an understanding that 
no Congress yet has had. That myopia is symptomatic of what is happening across our Nation: more security but no significant attention to those who show outofcontrol and violent tendencies, those tragically mentally ill citizens who are driven by their illness to harm others. 
have special wards. What happens to the mentally ill in the district that I represent and across this country, some of them end up in the jail. Seventyfive percent of those incarcerated in northern Ohio have dual diagnoses of mental illness and substance abuse. What does that tell us? Our jails have 
I am not saying that individuals diagnosed with mental illness are more likely to commit crimes. I agree with Congressman MURPHY that most of 
them become victims of crimes because they aren’t thinking straight, and it doesn’t have to be this way. 
has written and has vetted and has worked with different groups and individuals, and which I support and a host of other Members do on a bipartisan basis, is supported by one of the most important organizations in our country: the National Alliance on Mental Illness. I have the highest respect for them. H.R. 2646 fixes the Nation’s broken 
mental health system by refocusing programs, reforming grants, and removing Federal barriers to care. It names an assistant secretary for mental illness at the Department of Health and Human Services, and it encourages more meaningful involvement from family members and caregivers who, frankly, at this point, many times, just give up because they have this force within their homes that they cannot contain. 
those among us who have been lost and those who save them at risk to their own lives, cannot we elevate the solution to efforts that could help to prevent further tragedies? 
We think about the Capitol shootings. We think about Sandy Hook. We think about Virginia Polytechnic. The U.S. leads the world in mass shootings. There have been 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone, and each one gives us an indicator of the possible sign of untreated mental illness. Each one represents a failure of our society, and dispelling the stigma of mental illness for those who suffer remains a task unfinished. 
of the American people say, ‘‘Enough. America can do better. America must do better’’? Let’s create a pathway, by passing H.R. 2646, to immediate treatment for those mentally ill citizens dangerous to others and dangerous to themselves. 
you enough. I don’t recall a bill which has had such broad bipartisan support. You have worked so hard to go around the country. This is not a partisan issue; this is an American issue. I hope America can lead the world in trying to find a better way. 
The suffering that we see in our districts, in community after community after community, broken families, broken people, this doesn’t have to be in our country. 
Cleveland, I learned something really important that I didn’t know, and that is that in the way that the reimbursement occurs to hospitals for people seeking care, that research in mental illness is at the bottom of the list because reimbursement doesn’t flow the same way. So as we try to find answers to what is going on in the human brain, with the secretion of such chemicals like dopamine and serotonin and these different chemicals that those who are healthy have being secreted at a normal level, those who do not have that system working for them have big problems; but yet, if doctors try to get research dollars to solve and figure out what is going on in the human brain, the reimbursement system we have today simply doesn’t work. I didn’t know that. 
because I am focused on that like a laser beam, and it is a part of the answer. So thank you for allowing me some time tonight on the floor. The 
people I represent thank you. We want to help you. I hope those listening will find cosponsors from their different parts of the country to help you move this bill forward. We couldn’t do anything more important for the country. Thank you. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), a member of the Energy and 
I, too, want to thank him for his tireless work on this effort. This is such an important piece of legislation in dealing with mental health and putting necessary reforms in place. The gentleman has truly been an absolute champion on this issue, and H.R. 2646 is such a meaningful piece of legislation that will help in so many different ways. 
crisis and it is an epidemic, and there are so many families across this country that are dealing with this issue. 
little over a year ago, and we had a wonderful roundtable discussion. There were so many individuals who came to it, so many family members who came to it to speak on this issue. They were so appreciative of the fact that there was actually some legislation that was being developed to deal with this issue. These are families that have nowhere else to go. 
health care, but then also as my experience has gone forward in taking care of those in my district and then traveling across the country and meeting with families and talking with individuals about how much this affects their lives, and it is almost amazing when you start having the conversation about this piece of legislation because I don’t even think they think that anybody wants to help them anymore. I think they feel so far and left behind that it isn’t even in their mind that someone is out there looking for an answer and helping in a way that will be meaningful into the future. 
has done extensive work with so many groups, so many patient advocacy groups. His own personal knowledge as a child psychologist has played into this issue. There are certain barriers that are in place, and they are in place because we have put them there. Well meaning, wellintended HIPAA laws, all of these things that have been put in place to help protect patients and their privacy and their issues, yet it prevents us from being able to understand the situation. It prevents families from being able to get care for their loved ones. 
are struggling to help their child, their son, their daughter. They may be out 
they may have issues; they may not be working. I mean, there are so many different things that can be happening, and they know that that individual needs help, and they have no one to go to. 
change much of that. It is a step in the right direction. There is much more that needs to be done. We were just talking a moment ago about our jails, our prisons, and how many of those who are within those walls and behind those bars literally are there because they have mental health issues. Yes, they may have committed a crime; yes, they may have found themselves in a terrible situation and ended up in jail, possibly even drug abuse; but the bottom line is the mental health issue that lies there. 
fiscal responsibility in this country, and I think of how much money we will save and how much of a difference it will make if we deal with this issue in the way that it needs to be dealt with. 
So, Madam Speaker, I am a cosponsor of this legislation. This is an incredibly important piece of legislation. It is bipartisan, and it is for every American in this country, every American in this country that is dealing with this issue with a loved one or with a friend. We all have them. We all walk down the streets and see individuals who we know are homeless, and we know that the root cause is mental illness. We can change something in this country. This is one change we need to make. We need to come together as a whole House of Representatives to pass this piece of legislation. 
Again, I just want to finish by thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania one more time for his tireless efforts. You have truly been the champion for every mental health issue, and this piece of legislation passed by the House of Representatives will be a monumental step in the direction of mental health reform. 
thank the gentlewoman for her comments and for her continued pursuit of making sure we pass this. 
year ago, reworked with a lot of bipartisan input, Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle, and also from many, many organizations. The other day, some 23 organizations delivered a letter to some Members of Congress saying they want to see comprehensive mental health reform. 
This is the first and the most comprehensive mental health reform our country has seen. The last time some efforts were made, it was the very last bill that President Kennedy signed before he was assassinated to begin to make some change in our country to move away from the asylums and towards community mental health. Unfortunately, that dream only came partially true because what happened is 
Back in the 1950s, we had 550,000 psychiatric hospital beds in this country. At that time the population of the 
country was 150 million. Now the population of the country is over 316 million, 320 million, and we only have 40,000 psych beds. 
because we have come up with more effective treatments, better ways of identifying and diagnosing people, better medications, and, quite frankly, those asylums of yesteryear needed to close. Many times they were homes of abuse and given nicknames like snake pits, cuckoo’s nests, and other derogatory terms because they were so bad. But then along came community medical health centers, and that was supposed to pick up the slack. As States found that they could close these asylums, they looked and saw that they could save some money, and they didn’t put the money into mental health services, nor did the Federal Government. What happened instead was the people traded the hospital bed for the jail cell, for the homeless shelter, and for the morgue. That is where we are today. 
Now, it is not for lack of trying because, indeed, the Federal Government has spent a lot of money—some $100 plus billion a year—on this, mostly through disability payments, but some for Federal programs. 
tonight is now talk about 10 things we can do as a nation to deal with this, 10 things we must do. 
Office report that we commissioned from the Energy and Commerce Committee, we said: Tell us what programs there are in the Federal Government that deal with mental health and, more specifically, serious mental illness. 
were, 112 agencies scattered across eight departments. It is a dysfunctional and uncoordinated system. It is a system that really does not have central control. It is a system that has not even met among these agencies for years, even though one of the agencies, SAMHSA, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, is supposed to be the lead agency to say get together and meet. They hadn’t even met since 2009. 
on this in the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, they said: Oh, we will start doing that soon. But this report that came out that excoriated the Federal programs said that they are not only uncoordinated, but nobody even checks to see if what they do works. They are programs with the Department of Defense; Veterans’ Affairs; Education, Health and Human Services; HUD. The list goes on and on. I think there are 20plus programs for homelessness. There was redundancy and there was overlap, but it is not coordinated. We make it the most difficult for those who have the most difficulty. So here is number one of what we 
want to do. We want to have the office of the assistant secretary for mental health and substance abuse created—a new office, but not new money. We do not need any money for this. We take the current office of SAMHSA and elevate that title of the person who runs that agency to the level of an assistant secretary. That person’s job will be to create an annual report to Congress to tell us the state of the States, tell us how they spend their money that they get from the Federal level, tell us what are the best practices out there that can serve as models for other States, collect that data. 
Right now what we do get is data on 
numbers of suicides. We get some homicide data, but we really don’t get that much on homeless data. We have soso quality of data for substance abuse, what happens there. But for the most part, no one asks about these agencies and coordinates them. This person’s job is to do this. More so, this person is going to have to be a mental health provider, someone who understands the field. The last Director of SAMHSA was an attorney, perhaps wellintended, but did not understand the field. Just like you would not appoint someone to head the Joint Chiefs of Staff to run the Army who is not a general or the Navy who is not an admiral, you need someone to run this who knows what they are doing. 
agencies, what they would do is give a report to Congress of which ones can be eliminated because they are redundant, merge the money together, make more money available, and send more money out to communities. Let Congress then act to revamp these multiple organizations to do what is most effective to get funding back to the communities and to the people where it is needed, not to stay in Washington, D.C. 
about perhaps some proof of eternity is a Federal program. What we don’t want to have here is the continuation of programs that exist just for the sake of employment. Programs should exist for the sake of doing the right thing for people out there, and right now, we have a failure. 
based care. Another General Accounting Office report which came out talked about some of the abysmal conditions here. They were saying that agencies had difficulty identifying programs supporting individuals with serious mental illness because they didn’t always track whether or not such individuals were among those served by the program. 
is supposed to lead these organizations—doesn’t really track to say: What are the evidencebased programs you are doing? When we had a hearing on these issues, SAMHSA told me afterwards they would change nothing. 
They do list some evidencebased programs, but the evidence base is oftentimes people who do programs and say: Take my word for it, it works. 
of people with mental illness? Why do we have 4 million people not getting any care at all? Why do we continue to fill our jails, homeless shelters, and morgues with people with mental illness? There are some excellent programs out there, quite frankly, but there are also many that need to be changed. 
in the GAO report that many of the programs hadn’t completed their evaluations, many had no evaluations, some were underway, and 17 programs had no evaluation completed and none planned. So the government was not even looking to see if what they were doing had any value. We are going to change that, Madam Speaker. We are going to make sure the programs that are out there have evidencebased care. 
Network is an excellent program that does a great job. Another program is called RAISE, Response After Initial Schizophrenia Episode. It does a great job because they work in terms of getting care early in someone’s life when they first show symptoms. It is called the prodromal stage. When you get to someone early, you improve their prognosis. But a lot of these other programs—and I will highlight some of the sloppy and irrational programs we have out here tonight—can make a difference if they are done the right way. 
note that with regard to serious mental illness, about 50 percent of those with serious mental illness, it will emerge by age 14, and about 75 percent of the cases by age 24. Every time a person has what the public popularly knows as a breakdown, or we refer to it as a psychological or psychiatric crisis, there is harm that occurs to the person, psychological harm and neurological harm, because it is a brain disease. So it is important to get to people early on. That is why we want evidencebased care that really and truly does that and not programs that are fluff. We want them to have outcome measures and determine them. 
opposite of that, some of the things that SAMHSA has funded in the past have also been programs specifically geared toward telling people to stop taking their medication. When people have anxiety, they have plans in telling you how to drink a fruit smoothie. None of those are evidencebased care, and none of those treat people with serious mental illness. 
health workforce. We have a serious, serious shortage here of providers. Even if you wanted to get care, you can’t get care in many counties. I think perhaps onefourth or onethird of counties in Oregon do not even have a psychiatrist in them. Many do not have a clinical psychologist or clinical 
social workers or peer support teams with the adequacy to meet the need. It is the same across the Nation. 
9,000 child psychiatrists in this country. We need 30,000, precisely for the reason I said before, that these problems emerge during those adolescent and young adult years. If you don’t have the right qualified people, you can’t treat them. Similarly, clinical psychologists, counseling psychologists, clinical social workers, and peer support teams specifically trained and available to be out there, we have massive shortages. 
Part of the job of the assistant secretary is going to be to identify what do we need in communities and how do we get them. Our bill authorizes, for the first time, minorities to work with fellowships. 
We also authorize people to be volunteers at community health centers. This is one of the bizarre things that only the Federal Government can do. If you want to work at a community health center, you can work, and your medical malpractice insurance is covered. If you want to volunteer, it is not there. 
some wellintended and compassionate—as I know many are—mental health providers who want to volunteer maybe an afternoon a week, give of their time to help, they are not allowed to do it because the center can’t afford their malpractice insurance because they would have to pay the regular rate as opposed to a Federal plan rate. Our bill also authorizes that they can volunteer. 
telemedicine so that when a pediatrician or a family member identifies someone in need of care, they can access them immediately if need be, especially in rural areas and faraway areas where there is not enough support there. 
The next one is the shortage of mental health beds. I had mentioned earlier this grave shortage where we had 550,000 beds in the 1950s; we have 40,000 today. It is a serious crisislevel shortage in every community. 
Creigh Deeds, a State senator in Virginia, testified. Many are familiar with his story. He was a former gubernatorial candidate in Virginia, and he took his son, Gus, with him oftentimes campaigning around the State of Virginia. 
and they enjoyed their time together; but sadly, Gus deteriorated. When his father, who raised him, fed him, and clothed him, took him to a hospital for care, the hospital said: We don’t have any psych beds. 
more in Virginia, they couldn’t find any. Young Gus was sent home with his father. They wouldn’t provide many details, but they sent Gus home. Gus took a knife and attacked his father, 
nearly killing him. Creigh escaped, and Gus then killed himself, all because of a lack of beds. 
last week in The Washington Post about another Virginia man, a 24year old man who was arrested for $5 worth of shoplifting at a 7–Eleven in Virginia. He was taken to jail for shoplifting. But upon recognizing that he had a serious mental illness, they wanted to get him to a hospital. Again, there weren’t beds available. So he stayed in that jail, I believe, over 70 days, often naked, covered in his own feces, refusing to eat, and losing 40 pounds. Ultimately, he died for lack of a bed. 
that is out there. Understand that we don’t want to bring back those asylums, but when a person is in that crisis mode, it is not appropriate to bring them to a jail. 
an emergency room for hours or days or weeks sometimes waiting for a hospital bed to open up, and it certainly is inappropriate to discharge someone without any wraparound services or care. 
a bed shortage, you cannot get care for crisis by qualified persons. We don’t have the providers. We don’t have the places. 
clean and calm and caring environment separate from other environmental stresses and problems so you can work with them and stabilize them, perhaps get them on medication, help them relax, help organize things for home care or outpatient care for them. Sometimes that takes a few days. Sometimes that takes a couple weeks. But the idea is you need a place for them. 
Without beds, oftentimes a staff simply cannot do a thorough evaluation and they sometimes then will simply make an uninformed and premature release of the individual, of the consumer, saying, ‘‘Well, he doesn’t seem that bad. We will send him home,’’ not really understanding whether or not that person is a threat to themselves or someone else. 
brain diseases of schizophrenia and bipolar, when questioned, someone could be in a position where, when asked if they are going to harm themselves or someone else, they would say, ‘‘No. I am fine. Really, it is okay. It was just a disagreement I had.’’ They can keep it together for a little bit. 
we don’t have hospital beds. Let’s send him home,’’ they will be sent home without really knowing the seriousness of their illness or providing full services. 
someone is a threat to harm themselves or someone else or in imminent 
and the courts are reluctant to go through that process. Many times they are looking for another out. 
And many times—like in Pennsylvania, it is called a 302 procedure—they will bypass that or they will say to the patient, ‘‘Can you just voluntarily commit yourself or promise you will be okay and you will go out and get care?’’ 
I want to add this because it is very 
important while the President and other people are talking about access to guns and talking about background checks. You can’t do a background check if you don’t have a background record—you can’t do a background check if you don’t have a background record—and if there is no place to help people when they are in crisis. 
going to have someone involuntarily committed, there is no record. There is nothing that can appear on the national list to prevent a person from purchasing a firearm. 
where staff can truly evaluate are these delusions and hallucinations which can be controlled with medication, will the person be stabilized, are they a risk threat. You can’t do that. We need more beds, and our bill says there will be more. 
This is one of those areas of incredible prejudices and bigotry. You see, Medicaid has this rule that, if you are between the ages of 21 and 64, you cannot go into a private hospital that has more than 16 beds. Now, think about that. 
If you have money, you can go in a 
hospital. If you are low income, you are out of luck. You are on the street. It is a different standard that is grossly unfair and incredibly prejudicial. And again I go to this point, that those who are minorities or low income are treated the worst. 
be treated in a jail cell than in a hospital if they are seriously mentally ill—ten times more likely. And, yet, that treatment in a jail cell is not appropriate at all. 
are put in isolation. They may get in a fight with a guard. What started off as a small charge may end up as a felony assault charge. 
oftentimes for the same crime will spend four times the amount in jail as a person who is not mentally ill. And all along, if we had the proper place to treat them, we could have done that. 
Our bill lifts this 16bed cap, this ridiculously absurd 16bed cap, and says, instead, we would like to have an average length of stay of less than 30 days. That can be achieved. In about 98 percent of cases, it can be achieved. 
And, by the way, it is far less expensive to have someone in a psychiatric hospital bed than an emergency room by about four times. Some studies have gone as high as saying it is about 20 times less expensive to have them in 
we fixed this crisis shortage, worked on other outpatient care to transition people out, and wrap them around with the necessary services so they could go out more stable. 
same day doctor barrier, another one of those ridiculously prejudicial rules out there that Medicaid has that harms those of low income. 
the prodromal stages of adolescents and young adulthood is when serious mental illness begins to emerge, those first symptoms that sometimes someone may think is a little bit strange, there is something different about this person. Perhaps their grades are dropping. Perhaps they are not taking care of themselves the way they used to. Perhaps they are withdrawing from relationships and friends. 
problem. But it takes, between first symptoms and first professional treatment, on average, 110 weeks, over 2 years, of waiting time between first symptoms, in part, because people are not aware of what to look for in the symptoms, but, in part, because they are not connected with other providers here and, even when they are, they are not allowed to do anything. 
The same day doctor rule is a Medicaid rule which says you can’t see two doctors in the same day at the same location. 
So here is the problem. If a pediatrician says to a mother or father, ‘‘We are very concerned about your teenage son’’—who is in the later years, 17 or so—‘‘I would like him to see a psychiatrist right away because I am very concerned about the behaviors you are describing to me’’ and then, when that doctor realizes that that person is on 
Medicaid, basically, Medicaid says, ‘‘We are not paying for it,’’ how cruel and abusive is that, to say to someone, ‘‘Just because you have low income we are not going to cover the services here’’ when this is a critical time? 
the doctor’s office, there is a 95 percent likelihood that the person will follow up, according to a study by Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh. 
the number. Call it another day,’’ that likelihood drops below 45 percent. 
And when you miss that golden opportunity to help a person in times of need, that person may be very reluctant to come back for care in the future. We fix this by saying we are going to drop that same day doctor rule. 
Number six: We have to empower parents and caregivers to be part of the solution. Twenty years ago HIPAA laws came out that said, ‘‘In order to help your insurance be portable, we want to protect the records.’’ Good idea. ‘‘We wanted to make sure records had privacy.’’ Good idea. 
where we are supposed to assist care and confidentiality to the point where 
it impairs care. It has gone too far. Let me give you a couple of examples. 
Right now a doctor—and I am a psychologist. If I know a family member brings someone in to see me, I can listen to them in a very passive mode, but I can’t provide them any information. That is helpful. They are giving me vital information for history. 
provider does not have accurate history, you can’t accurately diagnose. You don’t know if the person has been on medication before, does it work or not work, who has this person seen before, what sets them off, are they doing better, what are their symptoms. 
If I don’t have or a provider does not 
have that information, they may miss making the accurate diagnosis and then not be able to provide proper treatment and followup. When that occurs, harm can follow. 
But what happens if that family member is not there? The provider can’t go out and seek other family members and friends to get that information because HIPAA laws are seen as barriers to that. 
Because as soon as a doctor at a hospital calls and says, ‘‘Your adult son is in the hospital. I need to ask you some information about it,’’ that doctor has already violated HIPAA laws by identifying the person’s son is in a hospital. 
Now, think about this, though. A parent, the person who was caring and loving throughout a lifetime, committed to their family member, a brother, a sister, someone’s mother or father, they are prohibited from being part of the care team by HIPAA laws. 
someone who may see them as they roll in and out of their job, even if they care and they burn out, they will be maybe sitting next to a family member in court and simply say, ‘‘I can’t tell you anything about this family member. You will have to find out for yourself.’’ 
only are you impaired from getting diagnostic information, you can’t evaluate medications. But understand that people with serious mental illness are often at high risk for other medical 
problems, in part, because their hygiene may be poor, they may not take care of themselves, may not see doctors, et cetera. 
where they may take some medications that make them high risk for diabetes or heart disease. And without getting a family member to help them with that, they do not have the ability to properly treat them. 
My goal in this bill is to simply say 
that, in cases where someone has diminished capacity to take care of themselves where, in absence of treatment, they become gravely disabled, a provider may tell a known caregiver— so notice I have already set the bar pretty high—may tell a known caregiver a few simple facts: the diagnosis, 
the treatment plan, the treating doctors, time and place of appointment, and what are the medications they are on. No therapy notes are allowed to be exchanged. We specifically prohibit that in this bill. But that is important. 
other thing. As I hear a lot of people talking about the concerns of why didn’t a parent do anything, why didn’t 
they know anything in some cases, like the young man at Virginia Tech who killed so many students or the gentlemen in Oregon or at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, it is because providers cannot do a risk assessment. 
They cannot contact a family member and say, ‘‘Can you tell me if this person has any morbid fantasy and fascination with death, with extremely violent video games, with dark Web sites? Do they have weapons that are unsecured? Do they talk about violent issues? Have they made threats before?’’ You can’t do that risk assessment. Without that, you end up not knowing the risk. 
for mental health services and substance abuse disorders. Those dollars are about $500 million for mental health and about $600 to $700 million for substance abuse. The odd thing about this is States are not allowed to mingle that money. They can’t braid it together. 
a substance abuse disorder have a mental illness and many people with mental illness will turn toward other substances to selfmedicate. And, yet, the person will have to go to two different 
providers, two different clinics, to get care instead of one. We drop that barrier and say Federal grants should go to States in a way that help the States work this best. 
Number eight: We want to bring accountability to the spending of Federal funds. Now, here is where we have seen in another GAO report the absolute absurdity and cruelty of how money is spent. 
told us that many times documents and applications for many who receive grants were not reviewed. They couldn’t tell you what the application criterion was to get an award. They didn’t have programspecific guidance. Information was missing or not readily available. They didn’t even know where it was stored. You couldn’t follow the paper trail to see where it was. And so what happens is no one knows how this money was spent. 
But let me tell you some of the absurd things we have found money is spent on, our tax dollars. How about this? A Web site last winter was posted by SAMHSA for the people of Boston to help them with their worries about snow. That is right. They posted a 1–800 number you could call if you had snow anxiety. These are people from New England, for goodness sake. They know how to handle snow. But our tax dollars went to help them understand it. There are Web sites that tell you to 
drink a fruit smoothie if you are anxious, programs that tell you how to make a mask, programs that we fund to how to make collages, a painting in SAMHSA’s headquarters that cost $22,500 of two people sitting on a rock surrounded by other people—$22,000. 
SAMHSA what that was for, they said it is more mental health awareness. The only thing I am aware of is it is a waste of money and that money could have gone to help pay someone’s salary to actually treat a patient. 
Well, it gets worse. A Web site for 3 
yearold children, the cost of $426,000, with animated characters and sing along songs. The purpose, we asked the director of SAMHSA, prevention. ‘‘Prevention of what?’’, we said. ‘‘Well, we think prevention is good.’’ ‘‘Well, what does this prevent and what does it do and does it work and does it do anything?’’ We waited for weeks to get an answer and we still don’t have it 1 month later. By the way, they took the Web site down when we shined a bright light on it, saying, ‘‘What does this do?’’ 
spending. There will be different grant programs now—demonstration grants, innovation grants—where people will know what these grants are. They can look at them as scientific studies in a blind review to make sure it is going to quality programs that really make sense. No more of this behavioral wellness stuff, but truly working at things that make a difference. 
institutionalization and have real jail diversion. I said already what happens to so many people with mental illness. They end up in jail. Forty to sixty percent of people in prison have a mental illness. 
some extra funding for States that have wraparound services for those who have this history of violent incarcerations, arrests, mental illness. 
New York has a program called Assisted Outpatient Treatment. Their program, which means a judge will say you need to stay in treatment at an outpatient level, has found they reduced incarcerations by 81 percent. They reduced homelessness by over 70 percent. They reduced admissions to emergency rooms by over 70 percent. They had patient satisfaction, consumer satisfaction at over 90 percent. And they cut costs in half. 
About 46 States have something on the books. But many of these States do not put these programs in practice because of the big cost. We know States will save a lot of money once they start doing this. 
But what we want to do is take people out of this cycle, this revolving door of jail and risk and more damage, and say that States need to have programs where it wraps around services 
for that person. Don’t just dump them from jail onto the streets and expect a problem because it will erupt again. Make sure those services are there. Make sure the person stays in treatment. 
Some say that might be an involuntary commitment, that it puts people there against their will and you impair their rights. 
But I say this, that a person with serious mental illness 40 percent of the time is not even aware they have a problem and so many times they refuse treatment or their past runins with the police and other hospitals because they don’t want to be there, they don’t want to get treatment. 
accessible care, they may get that, but not under the current system. We want to make sure they have that care, and we will provide the funding to do it. 
Number 10, advance early intervention and prevention programs: A lot of what our government spends money on is what is called primary prevention, the things we do for everybody, like don’t smoke, wear a seat belt. 
mental illness, those wellness programs like I described before that are out there, the silly things that SAMHSA does, are not an effective use of dollars. 
valuable. Secondary is when you recognize someone is at risk, but not with symptoms. Tertiary is when they have symptoms and you try and help them get better. 
mentioned before—the RAISE program or others, the Child and Adolescent Traumatic Stress Network—you can move the dollars where they need to be funded and stop this silliness. 
talking about SAMHSA, that despite two GAO reports that criticize them— and one time afterwards I had the director of SAMHSA in my office and I said, ‘‘Okay. Here is your opportunity. Would you change anything?’’ And she said, ‘‘No. I wouldn’t change a thing.’’ 
Another time during one of our hearings one of my colleagues said, ‘‘On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate yourself on your programs?’’ And the director said, ‘‘I would give myself a 10,’’ despite all these failures. 
have an assistant secretary of mental health. That is the reason why we need to make these changes. This is the current reason why we have so many of these problems. 
Before I wrap up here, I want to yield 
a couple of minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), 
who has also been involved in the field of wellness and is also a supporter of this bill. 
Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yielding and for 
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015. You know this significant piece of legislation aims to address the fact that millions of Americans who suffer from a serious mental illness are going without treatment, as families and caregivers struggle to find support in a disorganized healthcare system. 
28 years before I had the privilege and honor in 2009 to come to work on behalf of the citizens of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Part of my career was working acute psychiatric services, working with people that were experiencing some of the most chronic and reoccurring disabling conditions that are out there. 
in only really responded when people were in crisis, but it only responded to the point that the person was no longer a danger to themselves or someone else. 
types of resources to be deployed and the care to be provided to really meet the needs of these individuals to stop the cycle. 
work with many different individuals and many different family members. 
that we are taking with this bill, and I really encourage leadership. This is a bill whose time is now. We need to elevate it to the House and to the Senate. This needs to be on the President’s desk because we can make a difference in people’s lives with this bill. 
It is hard to deny the staggering consequences of neglecting our mental health system. Suicide rates are at the highest they have been in more than 25 years. Our nationwide shortage of psychiatric beds is nearly at 100,000. The three largest mental health hospitals in the United States are classified as criminal incarceration facilities, prisons. 
think it is important—to make visits to our prisons within the congressional district. I have done that. I have more of those visits coming up. 
It is very apparent to me that, as we 
have closed in the past facilities that perhaps we could have improved upon versus closing, all we did was shift people to the streets and from the streets to the prisons. 
So many people today have a dual diagnosis, some type of psychiatric diagnosis, but also a substance abuse diagnosis, which tends to be a part of that spiral. And your heart breaks to see that. 
If we want to reduce our prison population and the cost that it takes to maintain individuals, then this bill is a good step in that direction of breaking that cycle. I would argue that this bill will help have a cost savings over time, short term and certainly long term. Congressman MURPHY has taken a 
compassionate and evidencebased approach to reforming the way the Federal Government addresses mental health. 
families. It encourages innovative models of care. It advances early intervention and prevention programs. 
reach underserved and rural population areas where patients have difficulty accessing needed care. I know for a fact using telepsychiatry reduces the stigma of reaching out for help. 
law. It is called the STEP law, the Servicemember Telemedicine Electronic Portability Act, which we really did this for our military, our Active Duty military Reserve and Guard. 
with a piece of legislation that has expanded telemedicine that is used by the Department of Defense, and it really has helped save lives. It has not been the only thing we have done, but it was a valuable part in the reduction of the suicide rate among our military. 
within this bill are tested. They are proven. There are lives to be improved and lives to be saved. It recognizes the important role of the family, the caregiver. 
chronic and recurring conditions, and you need a strong support system. The way our system is today, it excludes those family members. 
So there is just a lot to support here, 
It is important that we make a commitment to address mental health with the same urgency as we do physical health. 
for H.R. 2646, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
closing minute, let me say this: As I opened up, this will be known as the bloody summer of 2015. Let this time be the autumn of our compassion in 2015. 
The time is now. We have 40 newspapers around this country that have published endorsements for this legislation. We have 133 bipartisan cosponsors. 
become a cosponsor to this bill. I beg leadership. Let’s no longer have a blind eye to this, let’s no longer have a moment of silence, and let this be the time of our action. 
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, and let’s bring compassion and care to the many families in America who are suffering from mental illness and show them that that twilight, as the sun sets, is indicating that there soon will be a dawn of great hope in America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF ESTABLISHING A SELECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–288) on the resolution (H. Res. 461) establishing a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3192, HOMEBUYERS ASSISTANCE ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 12, 2015, THROUGH OCTOBER 19, 2015 
the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–289) on the resolution (H. Res. 462) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from October 12, 2015, through October 19, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2835. An act to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 1624. To amend title I of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer. 
Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, October 7, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket 
No.: FAA20140583; Directorate Identifier 2013NM130AD; Amendment 3918258; AD 20151725] (RIN: 2120AA64) received October 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20140772; Directorate Identifier 2014NM090AD; Amendment 3918233; AD 20151608] (RIN: 2120AA64) received October 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20150926; Directorate Identifier 2014NM121 AD; Amendment 3918263; AD 20151805] (RIN: 2120AA64) received October 5, 2015, pursuant 
of the Army, Civil Works, Department of Defense, transmitting the report on modifications to Calcasieu Lock, inland navigation project, pursuant to the River and Harbor Act of 24 July 1946; (H. Doc. No. 114—66); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1525. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to make certain improvements to form 10–K and regulation S–K, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–279). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1553. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to specify which smaller institutions may qualify for an 18month examination cycle (Rept. 114– 280). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1839. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain transactions involving purchases by accredited investors, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–281). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2091. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify the ability to request consumer reports in certain cases to establish and enforce child support payments and awards (Rept. 114–282). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3102. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regulations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–283). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3510. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a cybersecurity strategy for the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–284). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2295. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to identify and designate National Energy Security Corridors for the construction of natural gas pipelines on Federal land, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–285). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2288. A bill to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–286). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2358. A bill to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 287, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 461. Resolution establishing a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce (Rept. 114–288). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Resolution 462. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3192) to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from October 12, 2015, through October 19, 2015 (Rept. 114–289). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2358 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. H UNTER, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama): 
H.R. 3684. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide that an individual may remain eligible to participate in the teacher loan forgiveness program under title IV of such Act if the individual’s period of consecutive years of employment as a full time teacher is interrupted because the individual is the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is relocated during the school year pursuant to military orders for a permanent change of duty station, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3685. A bill to direct the United States 
Trade Representative to initiate negotiations with the Government of the Republic 
of Turkey to seek to enter into a bilateral free trade agreement with Turkey; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself and Mr. WALZ): 
General of the Department of Veterans Affairs to make certain reports publicly available and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
on United States assistance and financing for certain exports to Cuba under the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3688. A bill to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the StarrCamargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3689. A bill to establish a worker adjustment assistance program to provide assistance and job retraining for workers who have lost their jobs due to unplanned closures of coal and coal dependent industries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
NORCROSS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. H AHN, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. P AYNE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. E LLISON , 
Labor Relations Act to establish an efficient system to enable employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Ms. 
Health Service Act to reauthorize the residential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State substance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
FARR, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
H.R. 3692. A bill to provide for environmental restoration activities and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3693. A bill to require a report on 
whether Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps is a terrorist entity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
human organs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Federal student loan program through incomecontingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encourage responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 463. A resolution recognizing October 7th as National Trigeminal Neuralgia Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M OONEY of West 
Virginia, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): 
H. Res. 464. A resolution affirming that private equity plays an important role in growing and strengthening United States businesses throughout all sectors of the economy and in every State and congressional district and that it has fostered significant investment in the United States economy; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the justices of the United States Supreme Court should make themselves subject to the existing and operative ethics guidelines set out in the Code of Conduct for United States Judges, or should promulgate their own code of conduct; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3684. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘. . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3685. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . [t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations . . .’’ 
and that ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . [t]o 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3687. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, to regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations. 
H.R. 3688. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with forign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3689. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 3690. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 3691. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3692. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 3693. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3694. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3695. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 10: Mr. C OLE, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Ms. F OXX, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 167: Mr. D ENHAM and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 213: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 563: Mrs. B EATTY and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 870: Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BORDALLO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. 
H.R. 879: Mr. W ALKER and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 953: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. N EAL, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 1217: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
California, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
YARMUTH , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. H AHN, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
H.R. 1233: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1258: Ms. M ENG, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
H.R. 1288: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 1309: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. F ARR, Mr. B EYER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. G ARRETT and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1632: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L AMALFA , 
H.R. 1728: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. C RAWFORD , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B LUMand Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
KATKO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and 
H.R. 2009: Ms. M CSALLY and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. S HERMAN, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. M ENG, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. H ECK of Washington, and Mr. 
H.R. 2315: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
H.R. 2368: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 2406: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
H.R. 2460: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2661: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. W ENSTRUP and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. B ROWN of 
H.R. 2737: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. H ECK of Washington. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. M ENG, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
H.R. 2916: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 2917: Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 2948: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2987: Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 3033: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. E STY, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 3223: Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
H.R. 3293: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3308: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. K APTUR. 
CICILLINE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. B UCK, Mr. A BRAHAM , 
H.R. 3337: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. H ARPER and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3411: Mr. B EYER and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3428: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and 
H.R. 3473: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 3477: Mr. C OLEand Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. L EWIS, 
H.R. 3497: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 3514: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. S IRES, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. Z INKE, 
H.R. 3626: Mr. B UCK. H.R. 3643: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3644: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 3651: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. L UCAS , 
Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B RAT, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. V ELA, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 3665: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
H.R. 3678: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. K INZINGER  
H. Con. Res. 65: Ms. B ASS, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
TROTT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L AHOOD, 
Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. P ITTS. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H. Res. 422: Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H. Res. 428: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
H. Res. 429: Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. 
H. Res. 437: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. F OSTER. 
H. Res. 451: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
JONES , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. P OSEY . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7129 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 2015 No. 146 