while we were in recess, I traveled through my district and had the opportunity to appear on local television and to speak at civic clubs. Every time I mentioned that we have an $18 trillion debt, eastern North Carolinians were astounded and could not believe it. 
January 20, 2009, the total Federal debt stood at $10.6 trillion. As of last Friday, May 8, 2015, it has risen to $18—an 
increase of $7.5 trillion. Our debt now stands at over $200,000 for every full time private sector worker. I agree with my constituents that it is time Congress stopped passing legislation that is not paid for. 
Chambers of Congress now because voters want us to cut the debt and deficit and stop passing legislation that is not paid for. 
In an April article for Forbes Magazine, Stan Collender wrote: 
about to increase the Federal deficit substantially, you haven’t been watching carefully . . . or at all. Virtually every policy change that has already or soon will be considered seriously in the House and Senate will make the deficit higher rather than lower. 
Based on what Congress is now considering, the deficit could be $100 billion or more next year than it otherwise would be if you just put Washington on autopilot; that is, if you made no changes to existing tax and spending policies. That would be an almost 21 percent increase. 
months and even years about the waste of money in Afghanistan. It is sad to me that we have been pouring money down a rat hole known as Afghanistan. 
We have spent over $685 billion in Afghanistan in the last 14 years, and President Obama just entered into a bilateral security agreement with Afghanistan late last year that ties us— our Nation—to a failed policy for another 9 years. 
2,000 American troops killed, over 20,000 wounded, and billions of dollars spent? My answer to my own question is: nothing. Absolutely nothing. 
A couple of weeks ago, I visited Walter Reed Army Medical Center to meet some of our veterans who had been wounded and are trying to heal. Some 
our men and women who serve—and the American taxpayer to have a serious debate about our future in Afghanistan. I think it is high time to leave Afghanistan. Nine more years is absolutely fruitless. 
Mr. Speaker, out of fairness to American taxpayers and future generations, we can no longer delay the need to pay down our debt and work toward sound economic policies. And out of fairness to our veterans and the men and women who serve in the military, we need to have a serious debate about spending more money and time in Afghanistan, when it has been proven and is well known by historians to be the graveyard of empires. Is it worth it, Mr. Speaker? I think not. 
and women in uniform and may God continue to bless America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. 
on the floor of the House, the Senate is about to begin debate on trade promotion authority, which is Congress ceding all authority to the President to negotiate agreements secretly, bring them before these bodies, and to say take it or leave it, an ‘‘upordown’’ vote, no amendments—ceding our constitutional authority. I hope the Senate turns him down. 
last week, to Nike, who originated the idea of chasing cheap labor around the world and outsourcing U.S. production. He gave a speech. I wasn’t invited. That was fine with me. He went there to make fun of people like me who have fought these trade agreements for more than 20 years and have been more 
worry. This is going to put enforceable labor provisions on Vietnam, where you can’t have a union, where you have child labor, prison labor, and you get paid 60 cents an hour. He says: We are going to fix all that. 
talk about it. It is classified. But I can say this. It will be as effective in dealing with the abuses—and, Brunei is even worse than Vietnam—in Brunei or Vietnam, in terms of their labor and working conditions, as the recent U.S. Colombia Free Trade Agreement. Guess what? In Colombia, they still kill people who try and form unions, and we have no recourse against them. So it is not going to fix that problem. 
when NAFTA passed, and these people are just living in the past. Well, unfortunately, you are bringing the past to the future. 
500 corporations in real time. They can put it on a big screen in their boardroom, bring in all their lawyers and staff, and say: Let’s change these words. Let’s make it look like the labor stuff is enforceable, but then we put this here, and it isn’t. 
I can read it, too. I can go to the 
basement of this building and I can read it in secret, and I can’t talk about it. 
labor, for the environment, for consumers, when it is being written in corporate boardrooms and then submitted to the Special Trade Representative who then puts that text into a special agreement we can’t see? No, the President is very, very wrong about that. 
making things up about undermining regulation, food safety, worker safety, and even financial regulations. Well, we are not. This has something called investorstate dispute resolution, which means anyone can challenge any U.S. law. Any foreign corporation, Japanese corporation, or Bruneian corporation can challenge a U.S. law in a secret tribunal staffed by lawyers who have no conflict of interest, no legal body underlying their decisions, and who one day represents corporations and the next day sit as judges. 
repeal our laws. He is absolutely right. But they can make us pay to keep them. We had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to Brazil to keep subsidizing cotton in this country. 
cotton, but it really irks me that we were subsidizing it here, and because of the power of the farm lobby, we paid Brazil hundreds of millions of dollars to keep that subsidy. 
to catch tuna, and we passed a law to just label dolphinsafe tuna so consumers could decide, too. We had a big campaign with friendly dolphins. The Mexicans won in the same process. They won a judgment against the United States of America—that it was an unfair trade barrier—and we had to pay the Mexicans to not fish for dolphins. And then they appealed yet to another place and actually made us eliminate dolphinsafe altogether. 
it can undermine our environmental laws, and it can undermine our consumer protection laws when they are challenged by a foreign corporation. So the President is yet wrong again. We are not making stuff up. 
wall—every U.S. auto manufacturer knows about this. They manipulate currency. Therefore, their vehicles are $8,000 cheaper than they would be if their currency was fairly traded— $8,000—and we are going to compete on a level playing field? 
This agreement gives them full access, with no tariffs, to our pickup truck market, which means the end of pickup truck manufacturing in America. The iconic Fords and Chevys, forget about it. They are gone with an $8,000 advance. 
We couldn’t put currency manipulation into this and say that is not fair, because the Japanese didn’t want it. But they are giving us a big concession. They are going to buy some American rice. Well, isn’t that great? We are trading tens of thousands of auto jobs for a few jobs working in the rice fields in California. And that will only last until the Japanese challenge the rice farmers. Because they get subsidized Federal water, they will ultimately be barred from the Japanese market because they will lose in a secret tribunal under this ISDS provision. 
what the President is talking about when he says we are speculating and it is made up. 
we had the agreement with Mexico that they would force us to let Mexican trucks drive freely in America. Guess what? We lost that, and they put tariffs on our goods because they couldn’t drive their trucks all around our country. 
hasn’t fixed a darned thing. He probably hasn’t even read the agreement. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. 
rise today to recognize Women’s Health Week and National Nurses Week. 
Week—a time to raise awareness about manageable steps women can take to improve their health. 
fair or poor health, and almost 40 percent report struggling with mental 
health issues. Women are less likely than men to be employed full time, meaning they are less likely to be eligible for employerbased health benefits. 
employerbased coverage is especially pronounced for older women, who are more likely to develop conditions like breast cancer. But thanks to ObamaCare, women’s health took a monumental step forward. 
Before ObamaCare, insurance companies could discriminate against women, denying coverage to women—of course, to all people—due to preexisting conditions, such as cancer and even previous pregnancies. Today, being a woman or becoming pregnant is no longer a pre existing condition. 
estimates that insurers’ practice of gender rating cost women about a billion dollars a year before ObamaCare. ObamaCare ends gender rating. It requires health plans to cover women’s preventive services, like contraceptive care and OB/GYN visits, without cost sharing. 
particularly important. Prior to ObamaCare, more than half of all women between the ages of 18 and 34 struggled to afford it. 
plan is now required to offer maternity care. Prior to the passage of ObamaCare, the National Women’s Law Center found that only 12 percent of private plans included maternity services. 
And even without those major improvements, health care accessibility remains a challenge. Almost one out of three women reports not visiting a doctor due to the cost. 
Women are still less likely to be insured than men. And even when they have insurance, women face increasingly high deductibles, copayments, and other cost sharing requirements, forcing major sacrifices just in order to make ends meet. 
percent of women have unmet medical needs due to the cost of medical care. This problem is particularly acute in States that have not expanded Medicaid. Currently, 3 million uninsured women live in States that have not expanded Medicaid coverage. 
access to affordable and adequate health care for women, but we still have a long way to go. 
Week, and I can’t pass up the chance to recognize the important contributions that nurses make—improving women’s and men’s health care every day. After all, we might not have ObamaCare if it weren’t for the support and advocacy for nurses all across the country. 
2015 theme is: ‘‘Ethical Practice. Quality Care.’’ It recognizes the importance of ethics in nursing and acknowledges 
and care nurses display in the practice of their profession. 
largest segment of the health care workforce, with 3.1 million RNs, and that number is growing. RNs meet Americans’ health care needs on every level. They provide preventive care, such as screenings and immunizations; they diagnose, treat, and help to manage chronic illnesses; and they help patients make critical health decisions every day. But most importantly, nurses take the time to care for each patient during a difficult time in their or their family’s lives. 
We have plenty of evidence that hiring more nurses leads directly to improved quality care and patient outcomes. 
We have seen study after study showing this connection, including a recent analysis showing that one out of every four unanticipated events that leads to death or injury are related to nurse understaffing; yet we continue to see nurses understaffed at medical facilities. 
Nurses around the country have identified understaffing as the single most important barrier they face in providing quality care to their patients. It is also a barrier to quality improvement and efforts to reduce preventable readmissions. 
the Safe Nurse Staffing for Patient Safety and Quality Care Act, which would help solve this serious problem by establishing a Federal minimum standard in all hospitals for direct care registered nurse to patient staffing ratios. 
This problem is not confined to hospitals. Nursing homes are currently required to only have a direct care nurse on staff 8 hours a day. This simply makes no sense. Patients are in these facilities 24 hours a day and need access to roundtheclock nursing care. That is why I have introduced the Put a Registered Nurse in the Nursing Home Act. 
are considered the most ethical of our healthcare system, and I applaud them. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALKER ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER 
Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: 
As the gavel sounds and a new day of 
business begins, we pause to acknowledge the eternal, creative, redemptive spirit of life that unites all people, transcending political persuasion, personal bias, or cultural creed. 
ages that points us away from easy choices of rigid certitude that divide and separate but, rather, guides us toward challenging compromises of flexible possibility that connect and unite. 
all people know freedom, equality, justice, and mercy; a common good grounded in compassion, gratitude, and generosity. May we remember we are one human family in which the pain of one is the pain of all and the joy of one is the joy of all. 
conversations, deliberations, and achievements of this day and in the countless opportunities that come our way each and every day. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, last week, I was grateful to participate in a congressional delegation with congressional colleagues MADELEINE BORDALLO and R EIDRIBBLE , 
coordinated ably by Army Majors Bobby Cox and Jimmy Crook, to visit dynamic Eastern European allies. 
In the Czech Republic, it was heartwarming to see the affection for America at Pilsen upon the 70th anniversary of their liberation by the U.S. Army. 
M.K. Air Base in Romania is a symbol of growing RomanianU.S. defense cooperation. The heroic and courageous leaders at Kiev, Ukraine, were unified in facing Putin’s aggression where 7,000 civilians have been killed. Georgia’s proven partnership with 
NATO is confirmed with extraordinary service by their military for freedom and democracy. The Novo Selo training base in Bulgaria is world class, with young Bulgarians and Americans working side by side to promote peace through strength. 
by dedicated U.S. Ambassadors, with talented Embassy personnel, promoting warm relationships with the new emerging democracies for the mutual benefit of all citizens. 
and the President by his actions should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terror. 
again, House Republican leadership’s culture of governing crisis to crisis is endangering hundreds of thousands of American jobs and thousands of critical construction projects across the country. 
until the highway and transit trust fund expires on May 31, but there is no plan yet to act. According to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, 660,000 good paying construction jobs are hanging in the balance; 6,000 critical construction projects across the country are also being threatened. 
these shortterm patches that fail to meet the challenges of our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges as other nations, our competitors, advance their infrastructure and pass us by leaps and bounds. 
We have got to get to work to fixing 
America’s crumbling roads and bridges. It is the job of the Congress to do this. We need to do our job. 
for a plan that we can work together on to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. It is up to the Republican leadership to act, and I am calling upon them to do just that. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Police Week, when we remember the sacrifice of our Nation’s law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. 
This year’s commemoration falls during a time of heightened tension between our officers and the civilians they have sworn to protect, and it serves as a solemn reminder to all of us the importance of communication, duty, and mutual respect. 
lives of our fallen, including Officer Tommy Decker, of Cold Spring, Minnesota, who was killed in the line of duty in 2012 while doing a welfare check. 
their legacy of service to their communities live on, and may those they left behind find comfort and peace. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
getting a bad habit of patch funding in 6month increments what traditionally has been a 6year surface transportation bill. Virtually no major projects are underway in the Nation as a result. Sixmonth patch funding has produced patch roadwork. 
turn, is delaying billions of dollars in development that can’t get started without new roads. 
example featuring overhaul of Union Station, which cannot proceed without a new bridge. 
Transportation funding delay is stopping a lot more than transportation infrastructure. Our districts need long term reauthorization. 
ADVOCATE OF THE OFFICE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Veterans Advocate of the Office of the 18th Congressional District of Illinois: 
formally pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony issued by the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois. 
the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
That the Senate passed S. 179. That the Senate passed S. 136. That the Senate passed S. 994. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 16. Appointments: Board of Directors of Office of Compliance. With best wishes, I am 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
hour. There will be over 73,000 new cases of invasive melanoma in the United States this year. Early detection is crucial to prevention. 
constituent of mine, McKenna Fitzpatrick. She is in the fourth grade at Seven Oaks Elementary School and bravely faced skin cancer. 
her skin cancer early, had a biopsy, dealt with her diagnosis, and overcame the challenges. McKenna’s experience is a testament to the virtue of early detection. 
outside or any other time you may be exposed to UV light. This is extremely important for residents of Florida and people across the Nation. This summer, enjoy the beach safely and responsibly. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
new global record was set last week, but this is not a good record. The atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide surpassed 400 parts per million for an entire month. This is the first time we have reached these levels in over 800,000 years. This is a serious and a potent reminder that we have not yet acted on climate change. 
were this high, the world was a hotter place. There were forests in the Arctic, and sea levels were meters higher than they are today. 
change is happening. We owe it to our constituents to put aside partisan differences and to begin to work on solutions to this global problem. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
am here today to honor a friend who recently died in a motorcycle accident. On May 3, in my hometown of Corpus Christi, our police chief, Floyd Simpson, died. 
Originally from Chicago, Chief Simpson felt drawn to Texas. As a 25year veteran of the Dallas Police Department before moving to Corpus Christi, Chief Simpson established a reputation as a ‘‘legend in the department,’’ and according to his peers, he was an outstanding ‘‘human being, husband, and father.’’ 
He was a great communicator, regularly appearing on the radio and at community events throughout the Coastal Bend. In his interview for the job of chief of police, Corpus Christi City Manager Ron Olson asked him to describe his values. Chief Simpson replied that faith comes first, family second, and everything else comes after that. 
In the wake of Chief Simpson’s passing, State and local officials are coming together to make State Highway 361 safer. Even in death, he will continue to help keep others safe. 
Tanya, Chief Simpson’s wife of 27 years, and his children. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa) at 4 
REPORT ON H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–110) on the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
unanimous consent that Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1732. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 231 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on 
the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1732. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes, with Mr. YOUNG of Iowa in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. 
The FederalState partnership Congress created under the Clean Water Act has led to significantly improved water quality over the past four decades. This is because Congress recognized that States should have the primary responsibility of regulating waters within their own boundaries and that not all waters need to be subjected to Federal jurisdiction. These limits on Federal power have also been reaffirmed by the Supreme Court not once, but twice. 
Corps of Engineers proposed a new rule that discards these limits. This purposefully vague rule will only increase confusion, increase uncertainty, increase lawsuits, and open up just about any water or wet area to Federal regulation. 
least 32 States, including Pennsylvania, are objecting to the rule as proposed. More than 1 million comments have been filed on this proposed rule, with approximately 70 percent of the substantive comments asking for the rule to be withdrawn or significantly modified. 
the National Association of Counties oppose the rule. The National League 
of Cities, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and the National Association of Towns and Townships all oppose this rule. 
The majority of the regulated community opposes the rule, including the American Farm Bureau, the National Association of Home Builders, the Associated General Contractors of America, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Edison Electric Institute, the National Mining Association, and the American Road and Transportation Builders Association. 
goes on and on and on. Not only do all these groups oppose the rule, but they all support H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. 
AgriMark, American Farm Bureau Federation, American Public Works Association, American Road and Transportation Builders Association, Associated Builders and Contractors, Associated General Contractors of America, Association of American Railroads, Family Farm Alliance, International Council of Shopping Centers. 
National Alliance of Forest Owners, National Association of Counties, National Association of Homebuilders, National Association of Realtors, National Association of Regional Councils, National Association of Wheat Growers, National League of Cities, National Multifamily Housing Council, National Water Resources Association. 
Northeast Dairy Farmers Cooperatives, Oregon Dairy Farmers Association, Portland Cement Association, Select Milk Producers Inc, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, The American Sugarbeet Growers Association, The United States Conference of Mayors, Virginia Poultry Federation, Waters Advocacy Coalition. 
Agricultural Retailers Association, American Exploration & Mining Association, American Farm Bureau Federation, American Forest & Paper Association, American Gas Association, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Petroleum Institute, American Public Power Association, American Road & Transportation Builders Association, American Society of Golf Course Architects. 
Associated General Contractors of America, Association of American Railroads, Association of Oil Pipe Lines, Club Managers Association of America, Corn Refiners Association, CropLife America, Edison Electric Institute, Federal Forest Resources Coalition, The Fertilizer Institute. 
for Environmental and Economic Progress (FEEP), Golf Course Builders Association of America, Golf Course Superintendents Association of America, The Independent Petroleum Association of America (IPAA), Industrial Minerals Association—North America, International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), International Liquid Terminals Association (ILTA), Interstate Natural Gas Association of America (INGAA), Irrigation Association. 
Commercial Real Estate Development Association, National Association of Home Builders, National Association Association of Manufacturers, National Association of REALTORS ®, National Association of State 
Department of Agriculture, National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, National Club Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton. 
of Farmer Cooperatives, National Golf Course Owners Association of America, National Industrial Sand Association, National Mining Association, National Multifamily Housing Council, National Oilseed Processors Association, National Pork Producers Council (NPPC), National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association (NSSGA). 
Lands, Responsible Industry for a Sound Environment (RISE), Southeastern Lumber Manufacturers Association Southern Crop Production Association, Sports Turf Managers Association, Texas Wildlife Association, Treated Wood Council, United Egg Producers, U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
quote from a constituent of mine, Marty Yahner, a farmer from Cambria County, Pennsylvania. 
far beyond the power granted to the EPA by Congress through the Clean Water Act. Farmers, like me, are very concerned about the proposal giving unprecedented power to government agencies over how farmers can use their land. I’m also worried that the proposed rules will adversely impact the next generation being able to farm.’’ 
That is not a government official. That is a reallife farmer, and he has real concerns. 
consequences not just for our farmers, but for many others. This rule will threaten jobs and result in costly litigation. It will restrict the rights of landowners and the rights of States and local governments to carry out their economic development plans. 
Protection Act, requires the agencies to withdraw the flawed rule, consult with States and local governments and other stakeholders, and then use that input to develop and repropose a new rule that works. 
State partners, and stakeholders another chance to work together and develop a rule that does what was intended, provide clarity. This is a 
chance to find the thoughtful, balanced regulatory approach that is necessary. 
With this bill, we have a chance to do that by restoring integrity to the rulemaking process and restore common sense. 
tell the administration, the EPA, and the Corps to do it right this time. 
1732, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
in peace—oh, no, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. It will rest in peace. It would be inevitably vetoed if the Senate chose to take it up, which I don’t believe they will. 
here that no one has seen or read, and that is why we are here today. 
on trade policy for the United States of America. I have read parts of it. Many Members haven’t read any of it, but nobody—probably very few have read all of it. The public hasn’t seen any of it. 
being asked to vote on killing something that nobody has read. No one in this Chamber knows what is in this rule. 
rule as initially proposed. It was garbled, poorly presented, and I believe there were many problems that it would have created, and that was especially distressing because it was a rule that was trying to fix something done in the Bush era. We are still dealing with the Bush era. 
Because of a 4–1–4 Supreme Court decision, with two different tests for jurisdictional waters and total confusion, the Bush administration decided to 
write a rule to interpret the Clean Water Act. 
by all the groups that are supporting this bill today. They said: This is ridiculous. It is confusing. It just leaves way too much to interpretation. It can be applied in different ways in different parts of the country. There is no certainty here. It is a mess. Get rid of it. 
Obama administration, in response to the requests of all those groups, said: Okay. We will take a cut at it. 
not very well done, and it raised more questions than it answered, but we now have at least some idea of some of the things this bill is going to do. 
It is not going to regulate your birdbaths and ditches and all these other things that are out there on the Internet. In fact, it may solve real problems. We don’t know that, but we are going to repeal it before it happens. 
in the South was made to go through the environmental review process and get a permit; yet farming and agricultural practices are supposed to be exempt. 
were using this in a joint hearing with the Senate. I asked the EPA Administrator and secretary of the Corps: Would this land, knowing it is agricultural land, be jurisdictional—they can’t tell us what is in their rule— under your rule? 
lengthy permitting process because of the confusion of the Bush guidance would not, under the proposed rule, have to go through any of that and could just go on farming. Thank you very much. 
her from getting that relief. Now, that is just one of the aspects of this rule that we know a little bit about—or at least we know the Administrator’s interpretation of that part of the rule, that it would fix a problem for farmers. 
way to proceed in the House, which would be let them publish the rule. If it solves a bunch of problems, great. If it solves a bunch of problems but still needs some tweaks, great. Let’s intervene. Let’s give them direction. 
If it is something that you and everybody else feels we just can’t live with, that it is poorly done—instead of this confusing process we are going through here, which I am about to explain contradicts legislation just passed 2 weeks ago—we can do this: I have already had it drafted for you. You don’t need to take the time. It is less than a page. It is called a joint congressional resolution of disapproval. 
rule—Congress has the right, under legislation that is 20 years old now, to reject it within 60 days. If the rule is not well written, once we see it and read it, you could reject it. What is the rush to repeal it before we have read it and we know what is in it? 
going on around here. I would say it is just politics playing to the crowd and the fears of people who haven’t seen it or read it yet either, but they are worried about what it might be. 
Well, it doesn’t go into effect immediately, I will say to them. If it is bad, you can ask the same people that introduced this resolution, pass it forthwith, send it to the Senate, pass it forthwith, and that is the end of it, and we would start over. 
Now, there is one other confusing aspect here, and that is that, just 2 weeks ago, the House voted on this language, which says that the bill before us purports to start the process over again, the fourth attempt at writing the rule with a whole lot more public hearings and everything, despite everything that has gone on to this point in time. 
Energy and Water appropriations said there can be no new rule development, so that is already in the bill. Unless that were taken out of the bill, what we are doing here today can’t happen. 
is precluded in the appropriations process, as passed by many of the people who are going to vote for this today. You have sort of contradicted yourself a little bit. 
new rule, but you can’t do a new rule, so forget about it. What does that mean? We are stuck with the Bush guidance, which everybody hates and doesn’t work and subjects farmers to unnecessary permitting processes. 
acting in the best interest of the American people and agriculture and a whole host of other people who might 
be impacted. I would just suggest that we forgo this little political demonstration today, just wait patiently for another 2 weeks when the trolls at OMB finally release the rule. 
We need to reform OMB, and I hope some on the other side of the aisle would like to help me there. We need a more transparent rulemaking process in this country. 
allow a rule to be published that might help people; and, if it doesn’t help people, then you can kill it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
now my honor to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Chairman SHUSTER ’s leadership on this issue. It is important that we go ahead and kill this proposed rule now because it will go final coming out of OMB, and that is a wreck. 
the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. I cannot stress enough the importance of this legislation to stop the Obama administration’s Waters of the U.S. proposed rule and its damaging impacts on our country. 
massive overreach of EPA’s authority and will impact nearly every farmer and rancher in America. It gives the EPA the ability to regulate essentially any body of water they want, including farm ponds and even ditches that are dry for most of the year. 
Bottom line: under the EPA’s proposed rule, nearly every body of water in the United States can be controlled by Federal regulators. 
this legislation that forces the EPA and the Corps to stop moving forward with the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and do as they should have done from the beginning—working with States and local stakeholders to develop a new and proper set of recommendations. 
I urge support for H.R. 1732. It is imperative that the administration listen to rural America. 
said earlier, that gentleman hasn’t read the rule, I haven’t read the rule, and I don’t know how one can assert very specifically what it might or might not do if you haven’t read it when we have heard there have been major changes. 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), the ranking member of 
the opportunity to rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, for several reasons. First, frankly speaking, I oppose 
work. Just before the recess, the House passed the Energy and Water Appropriations, as was pointed out by Mr. DEFAZIO, that included a rider which I 
opposed that would prohibit the Army Corps of Engineers from using any appropriated funds to develop or implement a change to the current rules that define the scope of Clean Water Act protections. Yet that is what the sponsors of H.R. 1732 say this bill is meant to do. 
will not kill the ongoing rulemaking but only tells the Corps and EPA to do the rulemaking over again. Yet just 2 weeks ago, as was pointed out, the House voted to prevent the agency from taking any action to change the current rules. So which is it? Does the majority want the agencies to do the rulemaking over? Or do they want to kill any effort to change the current process that has been uniformly criticized by farmers, developers, other industries, and environmental organizations as unworkable, arbitrary, and costly? 
because it is yet another attempt to delay needed clarification to the scope of the Clean Water Act. Remember, the executive branch has been trying to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act since January 2003. Now that is what, 15 years ago, roughly, since the Bush administration released their Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for public comment. Since that time there have been six—again six—attempts by the executive branch to release their interpretation of the Waters of the United States. 
For 12 long years, Mr. Chairman, our Nation’s streams and rivers have been vulnerable to pollution and degradation. For 12 years our government has spent millions of dollars working on bringing clarity to the decisions made by the Supreme Court. Delaying this further would cost our American taxpayers—all of us—many more millions of dollars and a lot of wasted time. 
Intervening now and forcing the administration to start over again, particularly when we are on the cusp of clarity, is reckless. For example, stopping the administration’s rulemaking to clarify the Clean Water Act could further impact the already dire circumstances Western States are facing with prolonged drought. 
State in California drink water from public drinking water systems that rely on intermittent, ephemeral, and headwater streams. These streams are drying up in the West. And, to add insult to injury, our actions today would force the administration to withdraw a rule that protects those streams that provide drinking water for 117 million Americans. 
Minnesota). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the legislative agenda of a wellheeled few ahead of the Nation’s—our taxpayers’—drinking water. It aims to protect the rights of speculators and developers over the need to conserve and reuse every precious drop of water that falls in our State. The bill potentially creates new opportunities for individuals to overturn decades of Western water law for their own personal benefit. 
many concerns with the proposed rule—the original one. But I appreciate that the administration has addressed those concerns and most of the concerns of the States and the stakeholders. The administration has pledged to work with stakeholders on implementation of the rule once it is final, which should happen in the next few months. 
So, today, we will hear many platitudes that this bill is not about killing the rule but about simply asking for public comment. Yet such statements ignore the fact that the House just passed a rider, as was pointed out, in the Energy and Water bill to block the bill from taking effect and blocking any change to the existing rulemaking or guidance. 
that this is simply an attempt to gather more public comment is simply that—just words. I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 1732. 
5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), the chairman of the Water 
Resources and Environment Subcommittee, a gentleman who has put lots and lots of work into this issue over the past several months. 
strong support today for H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. 
this bill today is to provide clarity and certainty for the regulated community. Following the SWANCC and Rapanos Supreme Court decisions, determining the appropriate scope of jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act has been confusing and unclear. Both the regulated community and the Supreme Court have called for a rulemaking that will provide such clarity. 
of Engineers published a rule in the Federal Register that, according to the agencies, would clarify the scope of Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. But in reality, this rule goes far beyond merely clarifying the scope of Federal jurisdiction under Clean Water Act programs. It amounts to a vast expansion of Federal jurisdiction. 
To the agencies, clarity is simple: everything is in. This is a clear expansion of the EPA’s jurisdiction under the 
Clean Water Act and flies in the face of two Supreme Court decisions, both of which told the agencies there are limits to Federal jurisdiction. 
manipulates the legal standards announced in the SWANCC and Rapanos Supreme Court cases, effectively turning those cases that place limits on Federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction into a justification for the agencies to expand their assertion of Federal authority over all waters and wet areas nationally. 
develop clear and reasonable bright line rules on which is jurisdictional versus not, but they instead chose to write many of the provisions in the proposed rule vaguely, in order to give Federal regulators substantial discretion to claim Federal jurisdiction over most any water or wet area whenever they want. This is dangerous because this vagueness will leave the regulated community without any clarity and certainty as to their regulatory status and will leave them exposed to citizen lawsuits. In addition, since many of these jurisdictional decisions will be made on a casebycase basis, this will give the Federal regulators free rein to find jurisdiction. 
presumption that all waters are jurisdictional and will shift to property owners and others in the regulated community the burden of proving otherwise. This rule will set a very high bar for the regulated community to overcome. 
even explicitly acknowledges in its recently issued Statement of Administration Policy for H.R. 1732 that it does not want the bill to constrain the agencies’ regulatory discretion. 
intended as a cooperative partnership between States and the Federal Government, with States responsible for the elimination, prevention, and oversight of water pollution. This successful partnership has provided monumental improvements in water quality throughout the Nation since its 1972 enactment because not all waters need to be subject to Federal jurisdiction. However, this rule will undermine FederalState partnership and erode State authority by granting sweeping new Federal jurisdiction to waters never intended for regulation under the Clean Water Act. 
In promoting this rule, Mr. Chairman, the agencies are asserting that massive amounts of wetlands and stream miles are not being protected by the States and that this rule is needed to protect them. Yet the agencies continue to claim that no new waters will be covered by the rulemaking, which raises the question of how can the rule protect those supposedly unprotected waters without vastly expanding Federal jurisdiction over them? The agencies are talking 
out of both sides of their mouths. In reality, however, States care about and are protective of their waters, and wetlands and stream miles are not being left unprotected. 
Mr. Chairman, in addition to proposing a rule that has sweeping ramifications for the country, the agencies played fast and loose with the regulatory process. The sequence and timing of the actions the agencies have taken to develop this rule undermine the credibility of the rule and the process to develop it. 
governments and the regulated community all have repeatedly expressed concern that the agencies have cut them out of the process and have failed to consult with them, first during the development of the agencies’ jurisdiction guidance, and now, in the development of the rule. 
taken the time to consult with the State and local governments and actually listen up front to the issues that our counties, cities, and townships are facing, we might not have had a proposed rule which, the agencies have admitted to Congress in multiple hearings, creates confusion and uncertainty. 
If the agencies had followed the proper regulatory process, we wouldn’t have a proposed rule that cuts corners on the economic analysis, used incomplete data, and only looked at economic impacts of the rule on one of the 
many regulatory programs under the Clean Water Act. If the agencies had done things right the first time, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee wouldn’t have had to respond to the more than 30 States and almost 400 counties who have requested the EPA withdraw or significantly revise the proposed Waters of the United States rule. If the agencies had done things right, substantive comments filed on the rule wouldn’t have been nearly 70 percent opposed to the rule. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, gives the agencies, their State and local government partners, and other stakeholders another chance to work together to develop a rule that does what was intended—to provide clarity. 
withdraw the proposed rule and enter into a transparent and cooperative process with States, local governments, and other stakeholders to write a new rule. This is what EPA should have done in the first place. 
Protection Act will ensure that the agencies cannot repropose the same 
broken rule they released a year ago but does give the agencies an opportunity to get it right. 
across the aisle all believe the agencies have heard the confusion and are committed to changing the rule to respond to the stakeholders’ complaints. Unfortunately, the agencies have not provided Members of Congress or stakeholders with any real assurance that that will happen. All they tell us is to trust them. 
Senate earlier this year, when I asked Administrator McCarthy about whether the public would have a chance to review all of the changes they promised to make before the rule goes final, she said they weren’t changing the rule enough to need to put it out for public comment again. 
have repeatedly heard from our friends on the other side of the aisle that we need to wait until the rule is finalized before taking action. If the agencies have not made the changes that they promised, or if the changes they have made do not work, we have congressional authority to disapprove of the rule. 
While I appreciate my colleagues’ interest in using the Congressional Review Act, waiting until the rule is finalized doesn’t give us or the agencies a real chance to fix the problems that will be created. 
President have to sign any disapproval resolution we pass, but there are legal scholars who believe if the Congressional Review Act did pass, the agencies would be barred from ever going back and doing another rulemaking, which would leave us in the position of being stuck in the same regulatory uncertainty we are in today. I don’t think I want this or any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want this. 
we are voting on the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act today is to get a rule that provides real clarity, that works for the States, that works for local governments, and that protects our waters. 
Nearly $220 billion in annual economic investment is tied to section 404 permits. Even more economic investment is tied to other Clean Water Act programs. I urge support for this bill. 
remind the gentleman on the other side that we are not voting on the proposed rule. We are voting on a revised rule, and no Member of Congress nor any member of the potentially regulated community nor any member of any environmental group has seen or has knowledge of that rule. 
The gentleman reports that this simply tells them to go back again because they didn’t do enough. They had 700 days of public comments, and they accepted 1,429 public comments that went into this. 
that I don’t know how he voted on the amendment, but on the Republican Energy and Water bill 2 weeks ago, we precluded developing any new rule, none, zero. So kill the one we haven’t seen, and you are stuck with the Bush guidance which everybody agrees is a disaster. 
H.R. 1732. This bill would halt efforts to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act, a clarification necessary to protect the environment, to protect wetlands, and to protect drinking water for a third of the population. 
great uncertainty about the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act, particularly as it applies to wetlands and streams, as a result of Supreme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006, and of guidance documents issued under the Bush administration. 
clarity—a goal universally shared by State and local governments, industry, agriculture, and environmental organizations—the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers have conducted a formal rulemaking process. 
proposed over a year ago and represents the culmination of years of study, independent scientific review, and unprecedented public comment and outreach. Just as the rule is at OMB and before it has even been published so people could read it, this bill guts all that work and requires EPA and the Corps, essentially, to start over. 
kills the new rule before anyone has even had a chance to read it. It requires the agencies to conduct what appears to be two additional public comment periods, bringing the total up to six public comment periods in the last decade. 
with stakeholders again, even though the rule was developed after 400 meetings with stakeholders, with comments filed by over 800,000 members of the public. 
complaining about regulatory uncertainty, the resulting increased costs on businesses, bureaucratic delay, and waste of taxpayer dollars; yet this bill is unnecessary, repetitive, and serves no legitimate purpose other than to delay. 
There is perhaps no greater responsibility than to protect the Nation’s water supply. This bill would leave our environmental resources unprotected and the drinking water for 117 million Americans at risk. The rule is up in the air, unread, unseen, undecided, and unknown. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the aisle, all of a sudden, want to see this rule; but, when we passed the ObamaCare bill, nobody seemed to care about what it said in it. Again, this is new for me from my colleagues from the other side. 
you have so many people, so many States—the State of New York, I believe, is one that asked for significant 
revision—the counties, all these stakeholders crying out to have this rule significantly changed or do away with it is important to the American people. 
This bill does exactly what the gentleman said. It delays this rule from going into place because it is a bad rule and will cause great economic harm to this country. 
and Chairman G IBBS for your leadership on this important issue. I am an original cosponsor of this very important bill. 
Everyone in this Chamber, Mr. Chairman, supports clean water. That is why I was such a strong advocate for the EPA to designate a portion of the Mahomet Aquifer in central Illinois as a sole source of drinking water, which was finalized just this past year. 
the U.S., this attempt by the EPA to expand its authority under the Clean Water Act to lands that are traditionally dry is an overreach and must be reined in. 
trust gap between the EPA and the agricultural community. Earlier this year, EPA Administrator McCarthy apologized to ag producers for not bringing them to the table when the Agency put out its interpretive rule on conservation practices, which the EPA and the Corps of Engineers ultimately withdrew. 
Unfortunately, this is just more evidence of the haste with which the proposed rule was developed, without appropriately seeking and implementing all necessary stakeholder input. 
and the Corps to withdraw the proposed rule, go back to the drawing board, and write a new rule with all stakeholders together. Frankly, this is what they should have done in the first place. 
and far be it for me to correct the chairman—but, actually, the attorney 
general of New York, on behalf of the State of New York, as one of our witnesses, testified in favor of going forward with the rule, so there were others who objected. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
agencies with their comments rejected the rule from New York. It sounds like New York is confused. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. New York may be confused, and everybody is confused because they have not seen what it is that they are objecting to and would, again, suggest that the best course of action would be to actually see it. 
something very weird, saying that, somehow, if we used a simple resolution of disapproval, they couldn’t write a new rule. 
passed last year, which said that the rule is rejected and you can’t use anything you use to write that rule to write a new rule. A number of us raised questions about that at the time. You did pass that last year. That is probably what he is thinking of. 
This is a simple resolution of disapproval. It would not have any impact on future actions of the Agency. 
Chairman, must be quite confused. This rulemaking that we are talking about is actually about clean water; it is about a rulemaking process that hasn’t been completed yet, and it is about a rule that we haven’t seen, so it seems sort of odd that we are standing here commenting on it. 
that, thanks to the Clean Water Act, billions of pounds of pollution have been kept out of our rivers, and the number of waters that now meet clean water goals nationwide has actually doubled with direct benefits for drinking water, public health, recreation, and wildlife. 
State of Maryland that is within the sixState Chesapeake Bay Watershed and several of its tributaries, including the Anacostia, the Patuxent, Potomac, and Severn Rivers that flow through the Fourth Congressional District. 
by 110,000 miles of creeks, rivers, and streams; and 70 percent of Marylanders get our drinking water from sources that rely on headwater or seasonal streams. Nationwide, 117 million people, or over a third of the total population, get our water from these waters. 
Court decisions that have been referenced, there is, in fact, widespread confusion as to what falls under the protection of the Clean Water Act. 
That is precisely why this administration is working to finalize their joint proposed rule clarifying the limits of Federal jurisdiction under the act. 
In fact, on April 6, the Army Corps of 
Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency submitted a revised clean water protection rule to the Office of Management and Budget for final review. From my understanding, the final rule may be published in the Federal Register later this spring. I share the view that we want OMB to just get on with it. 
complained about the confusion in the litigation. That is precisely why we need to get through a final rulemaking, which has been years in the making. If the gentleman seeks clarity, let the administration just finish its job. 
That is what the Supreme Court instructed the Federal Government to do 14 years ago with the 2001 SWANCC decision and, subsequently, the 2006 Rapanos case. 
Along with those Supreme Court decisions, the Bush administration, as has been said, followed the exact same process in issuing two guidance documents in 2003 and 2008. In fact, they remain in force today. 
guidance documents that have compounded the confusion, uncertainty, and increased compliance costs faced by our constituents—opponents and proponents alike—who all just say they want clarity. 
word for it. In fact, let me quote from the comments made by the American Farm Bureau Federation, something I don’t do quite often: 
guide their determinations, what has emerged is a hodgepodge of ad hoc and inconsistent jurisdictional theories. 
the Obama administration finish what the Bush administration started and failed to do, and that is publish a rule that finalizes the rule that gives stakeholders the clarity they have been seeking for 14 years. 
halt the current rulemaking and require the agencies to withdraw the proposed rule and restart the rulemaking process. This is after 1 million public comments, a 208day comment period, and over 400 public meetings. 
House, and joint committees, high ranking Agency officials have testified that the revised rule will address many of the concerns expressed during the public comment period. They have also stated that the revised rule will provide greater clarity to the current permitting process, reduce regulatory cost, and ensure more exacting protections over U.S. waters. 
and talk about the same issues again that they have already discussed several times over the last 14 years since the first Supreme Court decision—what a colossal waste of time and taxpayer money. Actually, the other side should be ashamed if they put a cost to restarting the procedure. 
more than a decade, as we have described, in development. We need to let the administration get on with its work. As others have pointed out, just 2 weeks ago, the House passed—and I opposed it; many of our colleagues opposed it—the Energy and Water Appropriations bill 
It contained a policy rider that explicitly prohibits the Corps from spending any money to develop the same new clean water rule that this bill wants us to restart. Let me repeat that. The House has already passed a provision that states the Corps can use no money not just this fiscal year, but in future fiscal years, going forward in perpetuity. 
if all they want is for the EPA and the Corps to develop new rules right away, but it is really clear that what they want to do is stop these agencies from doing their jobs at all—no new rules and no clean water, what a shame. 
I have great regard for the gentlewoman from Maryland. I know that the Chesapeake Bay is incredibly important to not only Maryland, but the United States. The watershed I live in, much of it drains into the Susquehanna that flows into the Chesapeake, so we are very concerned in Pennsylvania about wanting to have clean water. 
community prospering in Pennsylvania. They spent millions of dollars to try to clean it up. 
seen the rule is not that clear because we have. It is not clear to what the Democrats are saying. What we are saying is we have seen a proposed rule. We have seen a proposed rule. 
substantial changes to the proposed rule, that means, if they were making substantial changes, they would have to come back and reopen this up and have a significant comment period, but they are not doing that. 
to be very similar to the final rule. That is what scares the heck out of people—the farmers, builders, people across this country, landowners. This bill does force the EPA and the Corps to go back in and talk to the stakeholders because of the million comments. Seventy percent were ignored. They said revise or significantly change this. They ignored 70 percent of 
Chairman, I support wetlands, and I support clean water. I spent much of my career actually working to restore coastal wetlands in Louisiana. 
that are proposing this rule are actually the same agencies that right now are the largest cause of wetlands loss in the United States on the way they manage the Mississippi River system. The hypocrisy here is absolutely unbelievable. 
bounds of the law, the law which states ‘‘navigable waters.’’ Read this definition. It clearly goes beyond the scope of the parameters of the law. It goes outside the scope of jurisprudence. 
dereliction of duty. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. We know what this rule is. We have had the EPA; we have had the Corps of Engineers before our committee, and it is crystal clear the direction this is going in. 
and the Corps of Engineers, the Small Business Administration, has indicated that the cost estimate complying with this regulation goes well beyond the higher cost than that done by the EPA and the Corps of Engineers. 
State I represent, Louisiana, the watershed goes from the State of Montana to New York and comes all the way down. You can take this proposed definition, and you can basically apply it to 90 percent of the lands in south Louisiana. 
This bill simply requires consultation with stakeholders, consultation with the property owners. This is a tax. This is a taking of private property. Mr. Chairman, I want to state: This is private property; this is people’s homes; it is people’s farms; it is people’s small businesses, and it is impeding their ability to achieve the American Dream. 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). 
EPA has, once again, lost all common sense as it has decided unilaterally to redefine Waters of the U.S. 
Waters of the U.S. would now be defined to include smaller bodies of water and even some dry land. This new definition would extend the EPA’s regulatory reach to seemingly any body of water, including that water puddled in your ditch after a rainstorm. You heard me right. Let me put it another way for an 
even better understanding. This rule is so broad that it could very well require you to get permission from a Federal bureaucrat before acting on your property. Smallbusiness owners, farmers, Realtors, and homebuilders all agree that this bill is bad for business in southeastern North Carolina. 
of this bill, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, which requires the EPA to scrap its current proposal and start anew by engaging stakeholders who are actually affected by this rule. 
its share of setbacks in this country. Let’s not let this rule be another one. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I thank the chairman for his fine leadership. 
now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distinguished majority 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the chairman for his work on this issue. 
that exists at all times and in every place: the bigger the government, the smaller the citizen. That is especially true when it comes to regulations. When the bureaucracy makes more rules, those rules limit the freedom and opportunities of real people—people who are just trying to work hard, make a living, and support themselves and their families. 
line with this proposed water rule. It has crossed the line constitutionally, and it has crossed a line by hurting people and threatening their livelihoods and private property. 
Let me tell you a story about a place 
back in my district called Sandy Creek. It is named Sandy Creek for a reason; it has been dry for over 30 years. With the drought in California, there is no time soon that water is coming. 
that would expand the EPA’s power even more, the EPA tried to regulate Sandy Creek. That would have added more costs to the people who owned the land. It would have meant more paperwork, Federal permits, compliance, and Federal regulators snooping around. 
EPA to stop. Do you know how I got them to stop? I had to have an individual come to Taft, California, get in my car, drive out, and walk in Sandy Creek, throughout the sand, before he believed there was no water to regulate. 
the EPA would try and do if they even had more authority to regulate things outside their jurisdiction? 
These are the actions of an administration that is unaccountable and that 
prosperity of its citizens. This is an administration that cares more about regulation than reform, that cares more about power than it does about people. 
The House is going to pass a bill to 
stop this rule, this abuse of power. We are going to stop this regulation for all of the hardworking Americans who are tired of this Agency’s power grabs just for the sake of power. 
We are going to try to do it for all 
who wish they could have control over their own lives. The EPA doesn’t need any more power, Mr. Chairman, the people do. 
90 seconds to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). 
in favor of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. 
water. This is about clean water, and we all want clean water. It is an issue that should not be demagogued in this debate. We all want clean water. We have kids, and we have mothers and fathers and grandparents. 
This is about a process. It is about a 
process that needs to be transparent, and it is about where stakeholders are at the table. Who are these stakeholders? They are Americans. They are our farmers, our ranchers, the folks who put food on our tables; they are developers and construction workers who build our homes. 
don’t get this rule right, Mr. Chairman. Can you imagine the EPA’s requiring farmers to have to get a permit to tile during a season? Can you imagine how long that could take? Your season could be too late to plant. What would that do to land value? to commodity prices? 
We have to get this right. I rise in 
support of this bill as it is a commonsense, smart bill. We can do it together. We can get it right. The American people must be heard. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
for his leadership on this issue as it is so important to our farmers and businesses in Georgia. 
the gross regulatory overreach of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers regarding the proposed Waters of the United States rule. Under the rule’s proposed changes to 
the Clean Water Act, the Federal Government would have the power to regulate virtually any place water flows in the United States. This is not about clean water. 
streams, and groundwater but also manmade waterways like a fish pond, irrigation pipes, and dry ditching to harvest timber. If not stopped, this overreach will have damaging consequences for economic growth and jobs. 
farmers and businesses are concerned about their ability to comply with these Federal mandates while maintaining their livelihoods. The Waters of the United States rule will grant the Federal Government power to dictate land use decisions, as well as farming practices, making it even more difficult to maintain a competitive and profitable farm or business. 
and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, there is something terribly wrong when the Federal Government is attempting to regulate our Nation’s puddles, streams, and ditches. 
administration issued last year would, unfortunately, give the EPA the power to do just that. This rule would redefine the Waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act and significantly increase the Federal Government’s jurisdiction over waters never intended for regulation. 
The blatant power grab and regulatory overreach would not only dismantle a longstanding partnership between the States and the Federal Government, but it would also threaten American jobs, increase the costs of doing business, and heighten the likelihood of costly lawsuits. 
Act, of which I am proud to be an original cosponsor, would require the Obama administration to withdraw its proposed rule and replace it with one that considers stakeholders’ input and maintains the StateFederal partnership to regulate our waters. I urge my colleagues to support this vital bill. 
that it is a bad agency doing bad things; but, if it weren’t for the EPA, many of our communities would be facing undrinkable water because of the pollution that is left behind, without any followup. We discussed this during the committee, and one of the issues that was brought out was that some of the EPA’s regional offices were being a little heavyhanded. I suggested they may be able to take it up with the administrators, themselves, to figure out how we could really bring that to the forefront. Mr. Chairman, I would like to start off with a few facts, and we have covered them already. 
conservation organizations that also oppose the bill. For the RECORD , I will 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA STRUCTURE H .R. 1732, REGULATORY INTEGRITY  
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 OUTSIDE GROUP LET TERS OF OPPOSITION MAY 12 , 2015 
Rivers, American Whitewater, Arkansas Wildlife Federation, Audubon Naturalist Society, California River Watch, Citizens Campaign for the Environment, Clean Oceans Competition, Clean Water Action, Coalition to Protect Blacksburg Waterways, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Eastern PA Coalition for Abandoned Mine Reclamation, Endangered Habitats League, Environment America, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Environmental Working Group, Freshwater Future, Friends of Accotink Creek, Friends of Dyke Marsh. 
the Weskeag, Galveston Bay Foundation, Great Lakes Environmental Law Center, Gulf Restoration Network, Izaak Walton League of America, Jesus People Against 
Pollution, Lake Erie Region Conservancy, League of Conservation Voters, Little Falls Watershed Alliance, Loudoun Wildlife Conservancy, Maryland Conservation Council, Midshore Riverkeeper Conservancy, Milwaukee Riverkeeper, Minnesota Center for Environmental Advocacy, Montgomery Countryside Alliance, Natural Resources Defense Council, National Audubon Society, National Wildlife Federation, Nature Abounds. 
Neighbors of the Northwest Branch, Anacostia River, Ocean River Institute, Ohio Environmental Council, Ohio Wetlands Association, People to Save the Sheyenne, Piedmont Environmental Council, Potomac Riverkeeper Network, Protecting Our Waters, River Network, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, St. Mary’s River Watershed Association, Surfrider Foundation, Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council, Trout Unlimited, Virginia Conservation Network, WasteWater Education, Waterkeepers Chesapeake, West Virginia Highlands Conservancy. 
of Engineers—the Corps—and the EPA have testified that their revised clean water protection rule will provide more certainty and clarity to the current clean water permitting process, that it will reduce regulatory confusion and costs, and that it will protect our Nation’s waters, our economy, and our American way of life, as was stressed in the committee hearing which we all attended. I believe that it is something that they were very sure they wanted to do. 
the EPA submitted this revised clean water protection rule to OMB for final review, bringing it closer to publication later this spring, but my Republican colleagues are attempting to stop 
just said, we are going to stop this regulation. 
final rulemaking needed to clarify Clean Water Act protection for countless streams and wetlands, many of which serve as primary sources of drinking water for one in three Americans. If you want to put it in millions, it would be 117 million people. 
to provide additional regulatory certainty and clarity, it would leave in place 2003 and 2008 Bush guidance documents, which have been uniformly criticized by industry as confusing, costly, and frustrating that provide little environmental benefit. 
redo, forcing the agencies to repeat steps in what has been a nearly decade long rulemaking process of unprecedented public outreach, for no other reason than to prevent this administration from finalizing clean water protection rulemaking. 
The last fact: if it is released, it fails 
to protect our water resources and our economy, and Congress simply has multiple avenues with which to address those concerns. 
The proposed rulemaking, the Federal Clean Water Act authority over ditches—it reduces Federal authority over ditches by specifically excluding ditches, including roadside ditches that are constructed in dry lands, et cetera, and it goes on. 
sound science. Fact, in 2015, the Office of R&D—Research and Development— released its ‘‘Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands to Downstream Waters’’ report of more than 1,200 existing peer reviewed publications which support this. 
the EPA to exert greater Federal authority—fact, it preserves existing statutory and regulatory exemptions for common farming, ranching, and forestry practices, and it goes on. 
adequately consult with States and did not take local concerns into consideration. Fact, again, there were 900,000 public comments, and 19,000 provided substantive comments, and they reached out to other States. 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposed a Clean Water rule to clarify the jurisdictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and improve the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, protected by the Act, consistent with the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. 
misconceptions about this proposal have been raised. This is the first in a series of 
The proposed rule retains existing authority over certain ditches that once were, and continue to function as, natural streams. 
are reviewing over one million public comments submitted on the proposed rule and will make revisions to further clarify the regulation (including its application to ditches) in order to make it more effective in implementing the Clean Water Act, consistent with the science and the law. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/watersunitedstates) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
M.C., Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposed a Clean Water rule to clarify the jurisdictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and improve the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, protected by the Act, consistent with the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet, critics of this proposed rule have questioned the science behind the proposal. 
and Development released its ‘‘Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands to Downstream Waters’’ report—a review and synthesis of more than 1,200 existing peerreviewed publications from the scientific literature. 
scientific literature unequivocally demonstrates that streams, individually or cumulatively, exert a strong influence on the integrity of downstream waters. All tributary streams, including perennial, intermittent, and ephemeral streams, are physically, chemically, and biologically connected to downstream rivers via channels and associated alluvial deposits where water and other materials are concentrated, mixed, transformed, and transported.’’ 
‘‘the incremental effects of individual streams and wetlands are cumulative across entire watersheds and therefore must be evaluated in context with other streams and 
Board completed its own scientific review of the Connectivity report, and concluded that the report is ‘‘a thorough and technically accurate review of the literature on the connectivity of streams and wetlands to downstream waters’’ and found that the scientific literature provides enough information to support a more definitive statement on the degree of connection between certain, geographicallyisolated waters and downstream waters. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/watersunitedstates) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposed a Clean Water rule to clarify the jurisdictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and improve the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, protected by the Act, consistent with two decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. Since that time, a number of questions or misconceptions about this proposal have been raised. 
The proposed rule is a ‘‘power grab’’ by the 
EPA to exert greater Federal authority over farming, ranching, and forestry operations. 
The proposed rule provides greater certainty to farmers, ranchers, and forestry operations and would preserve existing statutory and regulatory exemptions for common farming, ranching, and forestry practices, including exemptions for prior converted cropland, irrigation return flows, and normal farming, ranching, and silvicultural activities. 
The proposed rule would not affect an existing Clean Water Act exemption for the construction and maintenance of farm or stock ponds constructed on dry lands, and would, for the first time, specifically exclude artificial stock watering and irrigation ponds constructed on dry lands from Clean Water Act jurisdiction. 
current exemptions for ditches but it would expand the definition of ditches to make the exemption clearer. 
today for the application of pesticides or fertilizer to dry land, and this will not change under the proposed rule. 
the Clean Water Act today, and this will not change under the proposed rule. 
In short, if you can plow, plant, or harvest 
today without a Clean Water permit, you will not need a permit for these activities under the proposed rule. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/watersunitedstates or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) proposed a Clean Water rule to clarify the jurisdictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and improve the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, protected by the Act, consistent with the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. However, questions and misconceptions about this proposal continue to be raised. 
the Corps did not adequately consult with states and did not take local concerns into consideration when developing this rule. 
particularly with those from the agricultural community, and received over 900,000 public comments. Of these, approximately 19,000 provided substantive comments on the proposed rule. 
throughout the country on the proposed rulemaking, and the agencies extended the public comment period twice for a total of 207 days, to listen to concerns and draft a better, clearer rule. 
EPA developed a special process for engaging the states during the public comment period, engaging with Environmental Council of the States, the Association of Clean Water Administrators, and the Association of State Wetland Managers. 
At a March 22, 2015, hearing before the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, the EPA’s Deputy Assistant Administrator for the Office of Water characterized EPA’s outreach efforts as ‘‘unprecedented.’’ 
with state representatives, the Deputy Assistant Administrator stated, ‘‘At the last meeting, which was scheduled for two hours, it was a little over an hour, and that meeting ended because, quite frankly, the states (ran) out of things they wanted to talk about.’’ 
estimated 1,429,000 total public comments during six separate rulemakings, lasting a total 700 days, or approximately 2 years. 
is not a lot of new in the way of issues that are being raised. Many of the issues that are being raised are the same ones that have been raised for several years.’’—Quote from Ken Kopocis, EPA Deputy Assistant Administrator for the Office of Water (3/18/15 Hearing of the Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee) 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the rule, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/watersunitedstates) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
RECORD , I submit the Statement of Administration Policy from the Office of the President, which states at the end: ‘‘If the President were presented with H.R. 1732, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.’’ EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
1732. If the President were presented with H.R. 1732, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill, which would require the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Department of the Army (Army) to withdraw and repropose specified draft regulations needed to clarify the jurisdictional boundaries of the Clean Water Act (CWA). The agencies’ rulemaking, grounded in science, is essential to ensure clean water for future generations, and is responsive to calls for rulemaking from Congress, industry, and community stakeholders as well as decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. The proposed rule has been through an extensive public engagement process. 
Clean water is vital for the success of the 
Nation’s businesses, agriculture, energy development, and the health of our communities. More than one in three Americans get their drinking water from rivers, lakes, and reservoirs that are at risk of pollution from upstream sources. The protection of wetlands is vital for hunting and fishing. When Congress passed the CWA in 1972, to restore the Nation’s waters, it recognized that to have healthy communities downstream, we need to protect the smaller streams and wetlands upstream. 
protect clean water, safeguard public health, and strengthen the economy. Supreme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006 focused on specific jurisdictional determinations and rejected the analytical approach that the Army Corps of Engineers was using for those determinations, but did not invalidate the underlying regulation. This has created ongoing questions and uncertainty about how the regulation is applied consistent with the Court’s decisions. The proposed rule would address this uncertainty. 
The final rule should be allowed to proceed. EPA and Army have sought the views of and listened carefully to the public throughout the extensive public engagement process for this rule. It would be imprudent to dismiss the years of work that have already occurred and no value would be added. The agencies need to be able to finish their work. 
would sow more confusion and invite more conflict at a time when our communities and businesses need clarity and certainty around clean water regulation. Simply put, this bill is not an act of good government; rather, it would hinder the ongoing rulemaking process and the agencies’ ability to respond to 
the public as well as two Supreme Court rulings. 
really like to ensure that we continue to work with the EPA to get in place something that is really going to help America’s farmers and industry. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
established a partnership between States and the Federal Government to regulate waters. The limits on Federal power under this partnership have also been reaffirmed by the Supreme Court not once, but twice, and I might add that my colleagues, when they were the majority party, tried twice to do what this rule is going to do, but they couldn’t get it out of committee because there was not the support for it. 
I am not sure what has changed except for the fact that Republicans are in the majority, but there is still a lot of opposition out there to it. 
abandons a successful partnership in favor of a vast expansion of the Federal Government’s authority to regulate. This proposed rule was developed without consulting States and local governments or regulated communities, and it will have dire economic consequences. 
In fact, as the gentlewoman mentioned, there have been 20,000 substantive comments on this, and 70 percent of them have opposed this rule. 
As I made the point earlier, the proposed rule is out there. If they were going to change it, they would have to go back and reopen the comment period, but they are not changing it significantly. 
similar to what the final rule is. That is why we need to stop it. Twothirds of the States object to this law rule, two thirds of the States object to it. Local governments, farmers, builders, job creators, and stakeholders object to this rule. As mentioned, of those 20,000 substantial comments, 70 percent of them rejected this rulemaking. The Regulatory Integrity Protection Act rejects this flawed rule and flawed process that created it. 
This bipartisan bill restores the integrity of the rulemaking process and the Federal and State partnership. The agencies simply need to go back and do it right. We cannot protect our waters and provide more regulatory clarity without sacrificing common sense and balance. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the proposed 
Waters of the U.S. rule is critically flawed and needs to be rewritten. After following the rule making process very closely, I have no confidence that that the current rule will give any 
by this proposed rule. If anything, Mr. Speaker, the only clarity I can find in the proposed rule is that we will see an increase in the number of permits that the Corps of Engineers and EPA will need to issue for landowners to develop their land, and any litigation that may result. 
The proposed rule would automatically regulate all tributaries that connect to a downstream water body and all streams and wetlands in floodplains or riparian areas of regulated water bodies unless they are deemed not navigable by the EPA or Army Corps. To me, that sounds like a dream for lawyers and a nightmare for everyone else. We must curb regulatory overreach and protect our economy as well as the rights of landowners. 
than a million comments were submitted. Earlier this year during an Energy and Water Appropriations hearing the Corps informed us that 58 percent of the comments were in opposition to the rule, then later that month at an Interior Appropriations hearing the EPA informed us that 87% of the comments supported the rule. If the two agencies responsible for developing and implementing the rule cannot even agree on the number of comments submitted supporting the rule, how can they be trusted to implement the rule? 
In the FY15 Omnibus we included Congressional direction to the EPA and the Army Corps to withdraw the flawed ‘Interpretive Rule’ that EPA had issued in conjunction with the proposed Waters of the US rule and the Administration withdrew the ‘Interpretive Rule’. It’s now time that we enact Congressional direction to withdraw the entire Waters of the US rule as proposed, and start fresh following the comment period. 
Therefore, Mr. Chair I support this bill and I 
encourage all my fellow members to vote for it. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise today on behalf 
of Iowans in my district to support H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, to prohibit the implementation of the rule concerning ‘‘Waters of the United States (WOTUS)’’ by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). 
WOTUS grants EPA and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers jurisdiction over traditionally state regulated water under the auspices of the Clean Water Act. This includes water previously unregulated by the federal government, such as dry ditches and intrastate rivers. 
sense. Every constituent in my district desires clean water, but the EPA and USACE are transferring authority from state and local officials, who know the needs of stakeholders, to Washington bureaucrats. 
In response, I am proud to join the 69 other 
Members as a cosponsor of this bipartisan bill along with the hundreds of organized stakeholders nationwide, along with thousands of individual farmers, raising serious concerns or issued public statements in opposition to adoption of these proposals. These regulations unnecessarily burden farmers and small business owners and prevent job creation, wage increases, and economic growth. I cannot permit such proposals to go unchallenged. 
I thank so many of my colleagues for standing with me in this effort and rest assured, I will continue to fight against government overreach on behalf of Iowa’s hard working farming families. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 114–13 modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–98. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015’’. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall withdraw the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rule published in the Federal Register entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188 (April 21, 2014)) and any final rule based on such proposed rule (including RIN 2040–AF30). 
and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall develop a new proposed rule to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Economic Analysis of Proposed Revised Definition of Waters of the United States’’ (dated March 2014); and 
Streams & Wetlands to Downstream Waters: A Review & Synthesis of Scientific Evidence’’ (EPA/600/R–14/475F; dated January 2015); 
recommendations from representative State and local officials, stakeholders, and other interested parties on how to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and 
consistent with applicable rulings of the United States Supreme Court, specifically identify those waters covered under, and those waters not covered under, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act— 
local officials on how to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; 
represent a broad crosssection of regional, economic, policy, and geographic perspectives in the United States; 
governments and rights of private property owners over natural and manmade water features, including the continued recognition of Federal deference to State primacy in the development of water law, the governance of water rights, and the establishment of the legal system by which States mediate disputes over water use; 
process, including promptly making accessible to the public all communications, records, and other documents of all meetings that are part of the consultation process. 
process, including promptly making accessible to the public all communications, records, and other documents of all meetings that are part of the consultation process. 
the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Economic Analysis of Proposed Revised Definition of Waters of the United States’’ (dated March 2014); and 
Streams & Wetlands to Downstream Waters: A Review & Synthesis of Scientific Evidence’’ (EPA/600/R–14/475F; dated January 2015); 
from the State and local officials consulted under this section; 
reached with the State and local officials consulted under this section; 
new proposed rule addresses the advice and recommendations provided by the State and local officials consulted under this section, including the areas and issues where consensus was reached with the State and local officials; 
from the stakeholders and other interested parties, including small entities, consulted under this section about the potential adverse impacts of the new proposed rule and means for reducing such impacts in the new proposed rule; and 
the United States Supreme Court regarding the scope of waters to be covered under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and 
economic impact analyses, utilizing the latest data and other information, on how definitional changes in the new proposed rule will impact, directly or indirectly— 
Pollution Control Act for Federal, State, and local government agencies; and 
interested parties, including small entities, regulated under each such program. 
where consensus was reached with the State and local officials consulted under this section; and 
the Administrator shall provide not fewer than 180 days for the public to review and comment on— 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 98. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–98. 
Strike sections 2 and 3 and insert the following: 
The Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency are prohibited from implementing any final rule that is based on the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rule published in the Federal Register entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188 (April 21, 2014)) if such final rule— 
Control Act jurisdiction over a waterbody based solely on the presence of migratory birds on such waterbody; 
Pollution Control Act with respect to municipal separate sanitary sewer systems, water supply canals, or other water delivery systems; 
Pollution Control Act with respect to groundwater or water reuse or recycling projects; 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 231, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) and a Member 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, despite nearly universal calls for increased clarity and certainty from certain stakeholders, my colleagues have made it a priority to halt the current clean water rulemaking and to force agencies to go back to the drawing board and start the process all over again, before the public will ever even see the final product. 
on a scale unprecedented in the history of the Clean Water Act, as well as countless congressional hearings, the agencies have submitted a revised clean water protection rule to the Office of Management and Budget for final interagency review, which is the last step before the revised final rule would be released to the general public later this spring. 
amendment. You see, Mr. Chairman, to be fair, several of my constituents have expressed similar concerns with the substance of the proposed rule. In fact, Maryland farmers have visited with me on more than one occasion, and I have heard those concerns, and that is why I have pressed the agency witnesses who appeared before our subcommittees on several critical areas. 
Indeed, in testimony to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the heads of both the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency have identified several specific areas where the proposed rulemaking may have lacked specificity and where the agencies have committed to clarifying changes in the final rule to address these areas. 
For example, the American Farm Bureau and Maryland farmers expressed concern about the distinction between ephemeral—that is raindependent— streams, which are currently subject to the Clean Water Act, and erosional features, which are not. EPA has testified that the agencies expect the final rule to clarify the distinction between ephemeral streams and erosional features to ensure that the final rule does not inadvertently bring erosional features under the scope of the act. 
Numerous groups, including the National Association of Counties, have expressed concern about the impact of the proposed rule on ‘‘ditches.’’ In response, the agencies testified that the proposed rule not only codified the current exemption for ditches but also ‘‘expanded the definition of ditches that would be exempt under the clean water rule to make it clearer, [including] ditches that basically drain dry along public lands and highways.’’ Further, the agencies committed to provide greater certainty in the final rule 
on what ditches are and are not protected by the act. 
proposed clean water rule would capture municipal separate sanitary storm 
water sewer systems, that is, MS4s, or water reuse and recycling projects. The EPA Administrator testified before our committee that ‘‘EPA has not intended to capture features . . . that have already been captured in . . . MS4 permits, [and it] is our intent to continue to encourage and respect those decisions and to encourage water reuse and recycling, which very much is consistent with the Clean Water Act and our overall intent.’’ 
that the EPA would make it very clear that these exclusions are articulated in the final rule, ‘‘so that people will see in writing what they have been asking us about.’’ 
these concerns and claims. It says that if any of these claims prove to be true, then the Secretary and the Administrator are prohibited from issuing any final rule that would bring about these occurrences. Instead of using a legislative scalpel, my Republican colleagues have decided to use a meat cleaver. In my amendment, I have tried to address these concerns, and I have heard from my constituents and interested parties. 
Under the amendment, the administration cannot expand the scope beyond those water bodies covered prior to the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court in the two cases that have been mentioned before, and it cannot be inconsistent with either Justice Scalia’s or Justice Kennedy’s judicial opinions in Rapanos. 
In addition to that, they can’t increase the regulation of ditches, they can’t eliminate any historical statutory or regulatory exemptions for agriculture, which do not exist under the 2003 and 2008 documents. There are questions about ditches under the 2003 and 2008 guidance, but they are interpreted differently in different parts of the country. 
regulated committee, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment so that clear legislative restrictions on the final rulemaking addressing the range of concerns that have been expressed by stakeholders are included. It will ensure that the rule does not go further than the Supreme Court decision and does not exceed historical scope, while reaffirming longstanding and existing exclusions. 
clear in their testimony before our committee and other committees of the House and the Senate earlier this year in a joint hearing with the Senate that many of these concerns were unfounded or would be addressed in the final rule, and so what the amendment I am offering would do, it would be a backstop in the unlikely event that anyone would think differently about regulating streams, ditches, and farmland. I would ask for support of my amendment under the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. I rise in opposition to the 
strongly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment because it seeks to gut this legislation. This amendment is misleading. It would allow the EPA to move forward and finalize its flawed rule expansion under Federal jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act regardless of the consequences. If the EPA determines entirely of its own discretion that the rule was consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and other factors listed in the amendment, the rule would be finalized. 
authority to nullify the Supreme Court decisions which reined in the EPA’s expansive claims to Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act and legally reinterpreted those decisions to be as broad and expansive as it would like. 
believes its proposed rule is consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and with other factors listed in this amendment. Therefore, the effect of this amendment is to allow the EPA to finalize its flawed rule that many believe is not consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and the other listed factors. 
solely in charge of America’s waters and would undermine the Federal State partnership that H.R. 1732 seeks to preserve. It would allow the EPA to finalize and implement its flawed rule without consultation with the States. 
discussion today, and I want to just kind of address some of that because it goes to this amendment too, once they gut the bill. There was a lot of talk about the amendment that was included in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. That was really a backstop to stop them from moving forward on the current proposed rule, and they cannot repropose the same rule, but if this bill is passed into law, they could move forward and do what H.R. 1732 directs them to do. 
don’t need to put anything out because there are no new changes, or major changes; that is why they don’t need to put out a supplemental to the proposed rule. That is the problem. That is why we have this bill here today, and that is why I am against the gentlewoman’s amendment, because they are not being open or transparent about what changes they made. 
I have a letter from the Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget, talking about the administration policy in regard to H.R. 1732, and it talks about that they believe that this bill, passed into law, would constrain the Agency’s discretion. That is the problem. We can’t have a bunch of bureaucrats running 
around the country and deciding what are going to be waters of the United States and what are not going to be waters of the United States. We have to be clear about that and give clarity. All that H.R. 1732 says is for the EPA and the Corps to go back to the States and stakeholders and work out a rule to satisfy the Supreme Court decisions and that brings clarity and certainty and allows for economic expansion and protects waters at the same time, but if you open it up to having bureaucrats—— 
Mr. GIBBS. I yield to the gentlewoman from Maryland. 
estimate of what it would cost to go back to the stakeholders for what you have described? 
I know that the CBO put out $5 million or something like that. The problem we have here is that if this proposed rule goes forward, it costs at least $200some billion to the economy. What this rule does, if it goes forward, under the Clean Water Act, it just makes it where farmers, landowners, homeowners would have to go through the Clean Water Act permit policy, permit provisions. All it does is create more red tape and bureaucracy and cost, and doesn’t do anything to protect the water quality. 
as proposed, we could actually go backward in water quality because at some point when you layer on costs and red tape to farmers and businesses out there, they are going to throw their hands up in the air, and they are not going to do it, so it is going to stifle economic activity. It will possibly make us go backwards in water quality because if we don’t have a growing economy, we don’t have the resources to do the environmental stuff we want to do. 
this amendment that the gentlewoman offers because it guts the bill and support H.R. 1732 going forward. All it does is say to the EPA: Go back and work with the States, and don’t propose the same rule you put out there that you won’t tell us what your changes are, but go back and work with the States, do it in an open, transparent, and accountable process, and we can do something that protects water quality and the environment in this country and move this country forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–98. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
the Environmental Protection Agency, based on the proposed rule developed under section 3, issues a final rule to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Administrator shall— 
issuance of the final rule, review each permit program being administered by a State under section 402, 404, or 405 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344, or 1345) to determine whether the permit program complies with the terms of the final rule; and 
determines that a permit program does not comply with the final rule, the actions required to bring the permit program into compliance. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 231, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
under the Clean Water Act, Michigan, my home State, and many other States have successfully attained permitting responsibility for pollutant discharges into their waters through their State environmental departments, as we do in Michigan. These programs have been long a very successful FederalState partnership, allowing States, who know their lands and waters better than anyone, to be able to keep local control of their permitting program to ensure protection of their waters in compliance with Federal law in their States. The scope and structure of 
these programs, of course, are determined by the definition of waters of the U.S. 
new definition of waters of the U.S., every State’s program would go under review to ensure that it is compliant with that new definition. Though Michigan has had its authority to operate its own permitting program from the 1970s, its program has been under review by the EPA for several years. So, in response to the EPA’s review of Michigan’s program, Michigan passed a bipartisan law in 2013 to improve its Staterun program to align with Federal law. 
Maintaining these current State permitting programs—it is interesting—is supported in my State and other places both by environmental and agricultural interests, something that we don’t often see. So it is really important to maintain these successful programs. 
Interestingly enough, since the enactment of its 2013 law, Michigan has not lost any of our precious wetlands. 
What my amendment would do is ensure that States that do this will be able to continue to control their State permitting program so that the people who know the States and its waters best can comply with their unique application of the law. Particularly in places like Michigan where we have the Great Lakes, that is important. 
would be finalized, the EPA would have 90 days to determine if a State’s program is still compliant under the new rule. 
Second, the EPA would have a further 10 days to notify a State in writing if its permitting programs are compliant under that new rule. 
And finally, if a State is not compliant, the EPA must allow States 2 years to comply with the new rule before they federalize a State’s permitting program. 
waters of the U.S. comes out, it will automatically place every State’s permitting program under review, running the risk of ending these successful partnerships. I believe, and I think others agree, we have to maintain the flexibility so that States can comply with the new rule before the EPA would remove a State’s program. 
statutory changes might be required. So we believe that 2 years would be a sufficient period of time for States like Michigan to work through the legislative process. It took Michigan over a year in 2013 to come to a conclusion of that reform. 
granted broad discretion when reviewing a State’s programs. What this amendment would do is simply codify into law that process so that States 
have the ability to come into compliance and maintain this important partnership. It is really important to the underlying purpose of the act. 
the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleague from Michigan for offering this thoughtful amendment. We are prepared to support this amendment since we believe it helps protect a State’s role in administering the Clean Water Act, especially those States with delegated authorities under sections 402 and 404 of the act. We also believe this amendment strengthens H.R. 1732 and enhances the role of States in carrying out the Clean Water Act. I encourage Members to support the Kildee amendment. 
amendment if he would support this underlying bill with the amendment included. The reason I argue he should is because, under the current rule, without the underlying bill being passed, States would have to change the processes under the 402 and 404 permitting, and they currently would have no grace period. With this amendment in the underlying bill and passage of the underlying bill, that would solve that problem. And so his amendment strengthens the bill, but also gives the States the flexibility that he is asking for. I would ask that the sponsor of the amendment support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments and his support. I do think it is important that whenever we can agree, we do express that agreement. I think this amendment is a good example. 
purpose of the act. This particular amendment would ensure that, when there is a rule, States that do operate under delegated authority would be able to continue to protect the waters of the U.S. and the waters within their own States with the best knowledge on the ground. It has been a good experience in the State of Michigan. I think it is good for other States as well. I think that this amendment would help to ensure that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 665) to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015’’. 
an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer. 
Alert plan’’ means the plan of a State, unit of local government, or Federal agency participating in the network for the dissemination of information received as a Blue Alert. 
‘‘law enforcement officer’’ shall have the same meaning as in section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b). 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
The Attorney General shall establish a national Blue Alert communications network within the Department of Justice to issue Blue Alerts through the initiation, facilitation, and promotion of Blue Alert plans, in coordination with States, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other appropriate entities. 
an existing officer of the Department of Justice to act as the national coordinator of the Blue Alert communications network. 
of local government that are using Blue Alert plans; 
States and units of local government to use in developing Blue Alert plans that will promote compatible and integrated Blue Alert plans throughout the United States, including— 
only be issued with respect to a law enforcement officer if— 
(bb) the attack on the law enforcement officer and that there is an indication of the death or serious injury of the officer; or 
(II) concludes that the law enforcement officer is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties; 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been apprehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive information of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
only be issued with respect to a threat to cause death or serious injury to a law enforcement officer if— 
(ii) at the time of receipt of the threat, the 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been apprehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive information of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
the National Crime Information Center database operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation under section 534 of title 28, United States Code, and any relevant crime information repository of the State involved, relating to— 
cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer; 
(ii) that a Blue Alert should, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consultation with law enforcement agencies of States and units of local governments), be limited to the geographic areas most likely to facilitate the apprehension of the suspect involved or which the suspect could reasonably reach, which should not be limited to State lines; 
or units of local government to develop plans to communicate information to neighboring States to provide for seamless communication of a Blue Alert; and 
suspended when the suspect involved is apprehended or when the law enforcement agency involved determines that the Blue Alert is no longer effective; and 
States, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other entities involved in the network with initiating, facilitating, and promoting Blue Alert plans, which shall include— 
representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and 
(ii) representatives of other law enforcement agencies and public safety communications; 
(iii) broadcasters, first responders, dispatchers, and radio station personnel; and 
(iv) representatives of any other individuals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the network; 
use for notifying law enforcement and the public when— 
kill or seriously injure a law enforcement officer is received; and 
are effective and that do not require the expenditure of additional resources to implement. 
Blue Alerts comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local privacy laws and regulations; and 
The Coordinator shall cooperate with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Transportation, the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, and appropriate offices of the Department of Justice in carrying out activities under this Act. 
purpose of carrying out the duties of the Coordinator; 
the funding or implementation of a Blue Alert plan; or 
Blue Alert program that requires the expenditure of Federal funds. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on the activities of the Coordinator and the effectiveness and status of the Blue Alert plans that are in effect or being developed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 665, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
are celebrating National Police Week. This annual tradition, which draws tens of thousands of law enforcement officers from around the country, is a time to celebrate the critical role that 
police play in maintaining a free and safe society. It is also a time to mourn our Nation’s fallen heroes. 
their lives while protecting Americans’ public safety, including three officers in my home State of Virginia. The average age of these fallen officers is just 40 years old, which is too young to be taken from their loved ones. 
The Blue Alert system, which is currently in place in 20 States, is a cooperative effort among local, State, and Federal authorities, law enforcement agencies, and the general public. 
Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015, seeks to expand on these existing programs by encouraging an enhanced nationwide system for the distribution of timesensitive information to help identify and locate a violent suspect when a law enforcement officer is injured or killed in the line of duty or when there is an imminent and credible threat against an officer. 
missing children and Silver Alerts for missing seniors, Blue Alerts broadcast information about suspects, including a description of an offender who is still at large and, if available, a description of the offender’s vehicle and license plate information. Like AMBER Alerts, Blue Alerts are intended to hinder the offender’s ability to escape and will facilitate their capture. 
to designate an existing employee as the Blue Alert national coordinator, who will establish voluntary guidelines for the program and encourage those States that have not already done so to develop Blue Alert plans. 
versions of this legislation in the past two Congresses, but those bills were not taken up by the Senate. 
that we consider today is different for two important reasons: 
from prior Congresses that passed this body only to wither away in the Senate, S. 665 will be sent directly to the President’s desk for signature following House passage. I urge him to sign this legislation without delay. 
York City Police Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, who, in December 2014, were murdered in cold blood by a malevolent killer who traveled from Baltimore to Brooklyn with the stated intention of shooting police officers. 
13yearold son. Officer Liu left behind his wife of just 2 months. This bill, a tribute to their service and sacrifice, will hopefully spare other families from the pain of losing a loved one. 
bipartisan cosponsors of both the House and Senate bills for their work on this important legislation. I also thank the many outside law enforcement organizations that have tirelessly promoted the Blue Alert program over the past several years. 
This bill reaffirms Congress’ commitment to ensure the safety of the men and women in our Nation’s law enforcement communities and the citizens they serve and protect every day. 
bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Judiciary Committee for this timely presentation and the offering of this legislation on the floor this week, which is a time to commemorate and mourn and to uphold the Nation’s law enforcement. It is a very important statement that we make today on the floor of the House. 
As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, and yes, as a Member of Congress from Houston, which has one of the Nation’s most effective police departments, and as a cosponsor of the House companion measure, I rise in strong support of S. 665, the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015. 
I, too, thank Senator CARDIN , Congressman R EICHERT , and my colleague 
am also a cosponsor. I thank them for their particular leadership on this bill. 
protect and serve the people of the United States. On average, one law enforcement officer is killed in the line of duty every 58 hours. Each year, there is an average of 58,930 assaults on our law enforcement officers, resulting in 15,404 injuries. 
Just yesterday, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, the community held a memorial for two dedicated public servants fatally shot during a traffic stop on Saturday night. 
Married and the father of two, Benjamin Deen, a 34yearold canine officer, was recognized in 2012 as the Hattiesburg Officer of the Year. Liquori Tate, just 25 years old, fulfilled a childhood dream when he graduated from the police academy and joined the police force less than 1 year ago. Many of us heard the sympathetic and emotional outpouring by his family of his love of being a law enforcement officer. 
the senseless deaths of onduty officers are the first in three decades. Hattiesburg is not alone, however, in these tragic developments. Law enforcement fatalities in the U.S. rose 24 percent in 2014, reversing 2 years of significant decline. 
The number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty rose from 102 in 2013 to 126 in 2014. Statistics released yesterday by the FBI show that 
51 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2014. This is an increase of almost 89 percent when compared to the 27 killed in 2013. Of those 51 felonious deaths, offenders used firearms in 46 of them. 
Just 1 day before this tragedy in Mississippi, Officer Brian Moore was laid to rest thousands of miles away in Long Island, New York. After 6 p.m. on a Saturday, Moore and his partner came upon the gunman. After identifying himself as a police officer and asking the gunman about the object in his waistband, the gunman fatally shot Moore in the face. 
joined the New York Police Department. After over 5 years of service, he earned two Meritorious Police Duty medals and two Excellent Police Duty medals. He died several days after he was shot. 
York City comes on the heels of the December killings of New York Police Department Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, for whom this legislation before us memorializes. These officers were killed on a Saturday afternoon while sitting in their parked patrol car by a man who shared his intent to kill police officers on social media. 
New York to execute his plan; and, unfortunately, at the same time Maryland authorities were warning the 
NYPD of this threat, Officers Ramos and Liu were being assassinated. 
Moore, Rafael Ramos, and Wenjian Liu and other fallen heroes join the more than 20,000 U.S. law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice since the first known lineofduty death in 1791, nearly 1,700 of whom hail from my home State of Texas and 121 from the Houston Police Department. 
their lives to keep the peace and keep us safe are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. When a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed, rapid dissemination of information about the suspected criminal is critical to ensuring justice for that officer and keeping the public safe. 
Here lies the opportunity for this important legislation. The Blue Alert System is modeled after the AMBER Alert and the Silver Alert. Currently, 22 States, including my home State of Texas, have local Blue Alert programs in operation. 
The gist of this legislation is to provide for the coordination and the provisions for other States to participate and to help other States participate in a Blue Alert plan. This Blue Alert plan, I hope, will save lives or will, in essence, save and protect law enforcement officers or bring their perpetrator, tragically, of their death, to justice. 
week as we mourn those who have fallen in the service of their country as 
law enforcement officers. This is an important action, if you will, to tell the families of these officers that we care. I hope my colleagues will join us in supporting this legislation. 
my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), the chief 
the chairman for yielding generous time for my comments. I also want to thank you for your strong support for this legislation, and I take a moment also to thank Ms. JACKSON LEEfor her 
strong words of support. Her passion was evident and felt in her words. 
heart, very near and dear to me. I think, as most Members in this body know, I spent 33 years in law enforcement before I came to Congress. I have been here 10 years; I tell people I just look like I have been here 40 years, but I have had the blessing of serving in many different ways, first in the Air Force and now in Congress. 
in support of this legislation because, this week, we have families from all across the country. When I arrived at the airport this afternoon, at 3:30, motorcades were lined up to escort the survivors of the fallen officers, honor guards standing at the gates where people are coming off the airplanes, to escort the families of the fallen officers. 
lives every day across this great Nation to protect our communities, protect our families, protect our children, and we need to help them. This bill does just that because, when they leave home, they don’t know if they are coming back. The families don’t know if they are coming back home that day or that evening. 
My own family has had that experience watching me being wheeled into a hospital room with stab wounds in the side of my neck. They learned about it on TV. That was back in the seventies, so it was a little bit different time back then, but it is still a dangerous job. 
New York Police Department, the Sergeants Benevolent Association, and the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association to rename this bill after the two New York police officers, Ramos and Liu, because this is a story where this Blue Alert could have made a difference. 
It could have made a difference because the suspect in this case shot his girlfriend in Maryland at 5:45 in the morning, and then at 2:45, 3 in the afternoon, showed up in New York, after posting on social media that he was going to make ‘‘angels out of police officers that day.’’ As Ms. JACKSON  LEEsaid, the information came to 
We think Blue Alert can make a difference. We think Blue Alert can save lives. We think Blue Alert can keep our officers safer on the streets. 
community called Lakewood; and it is just a half an hour, 40 minutes, south of Seattle, the city of Lakewood. In 2009, there were four police officers sitting in a coffee shop. 
sergeant and three police officers—Sergeant Renninger, Officer Owens, Officer Griswold, and Officer Richard—just sitting there, having coffee, talking about what was going to happen that day, what they were going to focus on that day to keep that community safe. 
four officers. A 2day manhunt occurred looking for that suspect, for that murderer, for that monster—2 days. If we had had Blue Alert—and during those 2 days, that suspect is on the loose. He is not only a danger to other police officers, he is a danger to the entire community. We need to find these people as soon as possible. 
this guy was, and in the New York case, we knew who this guy was—all we need to do is put the information out there sooner, quicker, faster, immediately so we could capture these people and put them behind bars and keep the community safe. 
I lost a friend, my best friend and my partner, and he was shot and killed chasing a murder suspect. I was one of the cops out there for 3 days searching for this guy in the foothills of the Cascade Mountains, about 45 minutes southeast of Seattle. In 1982, of course, we didn’t have this technology. I know the feeling of losing a good friend, a good cop, a father of five, dedicated, would do anything for his community. 
to show support across this country for our cops on the street, for their families, and this week especially, when you see a police officer walking around the Capitol Grounds, make sure you say thank you. Make sure you say thank you to the family because this is a loss they will never, ever forget; and neither will we. 
good friend who has worked with me on law enforcement issues here in this body, who was the mayor of Paterson, New Jersey. I always tell BILLPASCRELL that he would have made a good 
sheriff. He is a strong supporter of law enforcement, first responders, and firefighters. 
He and I cochair the Law Enforcement Caucus together. He is here in this body today, and I know he is going to be speaking on some of these issues this evening. 
He has been a good friend to law enforcement, and I appreciate all the 
hard work that he has put into this bill 
and others to help support our law enforcement officers across this country. 
belief in this bill and for his statement of the preciousness of life of our law enforcement officers and our families who depend upon them. 
would work with States to ensure the regional coordination of various elements of the network, which speaks directly to the heinous crime committed against the two New York police officers and someone who traveled from Maryland to New York. 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a gentleman who lives in the 
region and who we have had the privilege of working with, from COPS on the Beat to the Blue Alert and many other bills dealing with our first responders, and a cosponsor of this bill. 
Anyone who listened to the gentleman from Washington State, Congressman REICHERT , if they have any 
doubt as to the significance, not only of this piece of legislation and the other three pieces of legislation that we will pursue after this, I don’t know what it is going to take because he was on the front lines. He doesn’t have to conjecture. 
I personally thank Chairman GOODLATTE . I personally thank Ranking 
brothers in the Senate, Senator CARDIN , Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM . 
and introduced this legislation. At that press conference was Gina Miller. Gina Miller was the fiancee of a Washington State trooper, Tony Radulescu, who was shot at a traffic stop in Washington State and killed. 
He went to high school in New Jersey. He was a vet from the gulf war, as many of our police officers are. I promised Gina I would not take off the wristband she gave me until we pass this legislation. It is fitting in this month, when we honor all law enforcement, it is fitting that we move this through the House of Representatives. 
honored and thank you all for coming on this piece of legislation. 
how many police officers were killed in the line of duty in 2013 and 2014. It is a grave reminder that these attacks are too common in our communities. 
Jersey City Officer Melvin Santiago, who was killed in the line of duty responding to a gangrelated robbery. Officer Santiago’s death set off a series of targeted threats against the Jersey police officers from the assailant’s fellow gang members. 
The grave risk that our law enforcement officers face was tragically confirmed this past Christmas when on 
duty New York Police Department Officers Ramos and Liu were murdered while simply sitting in their squad car. 
rapid dissemination of critical, time sensitive information is essential, and the national Blue Alert system would provide that in New Jersey and across our Nation. 
about police work, law enforcement, talk must be followed by action. 
need a pat on the back from us while we place our grandchildren in the back of the car to see what it is like to sit in a police car. They need our actions here in Washington to help communities throughout America. 
putting this bill before us tonight and the other bills that will follow. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I reserve the balance of my time. 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), another distinguished gentleman who has worked on these issues and is now the ranking member of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. 
thank the ranking member for the time; I want to thank the chairman for scheduling these bills; and particularly I want to thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ) for bringing them. 
My first job out of law school was attorney for the Memphis Police Department, and I served 3
the attorney for the Memphis Police Department. I know that police are on the front lines of democracy in seeing that we have a society that can function and that we have people’s rights protected in a most direct way. 
the losses of the lives in New York of Officer Davis; the two officers this bill is named for, Officers Ramos and Liu; and then there were the two officers killed in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, each of which is tragic and each of which caused me to grieve and be mournful about the loss of these men’s lives in the course of duty. 
enforcement in certain areas, we need to have law enforcement; and the loss of any life of a law enforcement member in the actions of their duties or because of their position is wrong, and we should have a system in place to apprehend and arrest somebody who, with probable cause, committed that crime. 
the committee for scheduling a hearing next week on civil rights issues. These issues go together. No one should lose their life wrongfully. We must deal with these issues, and it is commendable. There are some good things happening in Congress. So many times I go home, and people talk about the acrimony and don’t we get along. Well, we get some things done, and we get some things done together, and the Judiciary Committee is doing some of those things. 
the ranking member, who is not here, for that. 
I am a proud sponsor of this bill. I 
hope everybody will vote for it and pass it. It will save some law enforcement people’s lives. 
have no further speakers, and if the gentlewoman from Texas is prepared to yield back, I am prepared to do the same. 
the presentations that have been made here today, statements on the floor, by passionate Members of Congress. It reminded me of my time as a municipal court judge, seeing officers in clothing that would not be recognizable because they were undercover officers, seeking what we call probable cause warrants and trying to save communities. 
important in this week because what it says is that we can all get along, that we can pass legislation that deals with the pain of our law enforcement officers and commits us to the statement that we want them to go home to their families. At the same time, we can use the words ‘‘criminal justice reform’’ and not offend by saying it is to help everyone: our law enforcement officers and our civilians. 
will have the opportunity to hear a myriad of issues on this particular point. 
officers of the law will be coming to Washington, D.C., from all parts of the Nation. This legislation will make the statement that we want to coordinate, we want to establish advisory groups, we want to establish guidelines for States, and we want to provide assistance to have the Blue Alert plans. 
the AMBER Alerts and helped find senior citizens through the Silver Alerts, I want to make sure that we bring more officers home to their families by ensuring that heinous criminals who are out to do them harm are caught before they do more harm. 
I also want to say that I look forward 
to working on legislation that deals with bringing us together and making sure that we address all of the concerns. 
Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the National Sheriffs’ Association in supporting this legislation, S. 665. But more importantly, Mr. Speaker, I stand today mourning those who have been lost and joining our officers as they 
converge upon the United States Capitol, standing shouldertoshoulder. I want to say to them that America cares. We honor you; we mourn you; and we stand in assistance to you. 
line of duty in my own hometown of Houston, Texas, from the Houston Police Department. 
Automobile accident: 10 Fire: 1 Gunfire: 69 Gunfire (Accidental): 2 Heart attack: 2 Motorcycle accident: 9 Stabbed: 2 Struck by vehicle: 5 Vehicle pursuit: 1 Vehicular assault: 10 
February: 7 March: 12 April: 10 May: 7 June: 15 July: 5 August: 14 September: 9 October: 6 November: 6 December: 9 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, May 29, 2011, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 19, 2010, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer Henry Canales, Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, June 23, 2009, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, December 7, 2008, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, June 29, 2008, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, September 21, 2006, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Reuben Becerra DeLeon, Jr., Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, October 26, 2005, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, March 25, 2004, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, April 3, 2003, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, March 7, 2002, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, May 22, 2001, Cause: Gunfire. 
Department, EOW: Wednesday, January 10, 2001, Cause: Heart attack. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, September 20, 2000, Cause: Assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 19, 1999, Cause: Gunfire. 
Sergeant Kent Dean Kincaid, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, May 23, 1998, Cause: Gunfire. Police Officer Cuong Huy ‘‘Tony’’ Trinh, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, April 6, 1997, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, December 24, 1995, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer David Michael Healy, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, November 12, 1994, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer Guy P. Gaddis, Houston Police Department, EOW: Monday, January 31, 1994, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, January 6, 1994, Cause: Vehicle pursuit. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 12, 1991, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, November 25, 1990, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 27, 1990, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, December 9, 1989, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, November 10, 1989, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer Elston Morris Howard, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, July 20, 1988, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Andrew Winzer, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, February 18, 1988, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 10, 1987, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Officer William Moss, Houston Airport Police Department, EOW: Monday, September 12, 1983, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, February 23, 1983, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer Kathleen C. Schaefer, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, August 18, 1982, Cause: Gunfire (Accidental). 
Detective Daryl W. Shirley, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, April 28, 1982, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Monday, March 29, 1982, Cause: Fire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Monday, March 29, 1982, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, April 18, 1981, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Detective Victor R. Wells, III, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, October 2, 1980, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston City Marshal’s Office, EOW: Thursday, August 16, 1979, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Timothy Lowe Hearn, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, June 8, 1978, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer James F. Kilty, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, April 8, 1976, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, January 28, 1976, Cause: Stabbed. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, October to, 1975, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Francis Eddie Wright, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, August 2, 1975, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, January 30, 1975, Cause: Gunfire. Police Officer Jerry Lawrence Riley, Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, June 18, 1974, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer David Huerta, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, September 19, 1973, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, January 9, 1973, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, October 26, 1972, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer David Franklin Noel, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, June 17, 1972, Cause: Stabbed. 
Police Officer Claude R. Beck, Houston Police Department, EOW: Friday, December 10, 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, January 31, 1971, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, November 26, 1969, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 26, 1968, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 26, 1968, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Louis R. Kuba, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 17, 1967, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, January 21, 1967, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Floyd T. DeLoach Jr., Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 30, 1965, Cause: Gunfire . 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, February 18, 1965, Cause: Gunfire. 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, July 1, 1964, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, August 4, 1963, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, March 8, 1963, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Gonzalo Q. Gonzalez, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, February 28, 1960, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer John W. Suttle, Houston Police Department, EOW: Monday, August 3, 1959, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Department, EOW: Friday, March 20, 1959, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Noel R. Miller, Houston Police Department, EOW: Friday, June 6, 1958, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, August 25, 1956, Cause: Gunfire. 
Auxiliary Officer Frank L. Kellogg, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, November 30, 1955, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department EOW: Saturday, April 30, 1955, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Jack B. Beets, Houston Police Department EOW: Saturday, April 30, 1955 Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, February 24, 1954, Cause: Gunfire. 
Kent, Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, January 12, 1954, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Howard B. Hammond, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, August 18, 1946, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, June 30, 1939, Cause: Gunfire. 
Department EOW: Monday, November 8, 1937 Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Department EOW: Tuesday, December 1, 1936 Cause: Heart attack. 
Police Department EOW: Saturday, March 9, 1935 Cause: Gunfire. 
Department, EOW: Wednesday, October 18, 1933, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer J.D. Landry, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, December 3, 1930, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer Willie Bonner Phares, Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, September 30, 1930, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Edward D. Fitzgerald, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, September 20, 1930, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, December 17, 1929, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Detective Ed Jones, Houston Police Department, EOW: Friday, September 13, 1929, Cause. Gunfire. 
Detective Oscar Hope, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, June 22, 1929, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Carl Greene, Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, March 14, 1928, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer R. Q. Wells, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, July 30, 1927, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Officer Perry P. Jones, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, January 30, 1927, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective E. C. Chavez, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, September 17, 1925 Cause: Gunfire. 
Department, EOW: Saturday, August 23, 1924, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Magnolia Park Police Department, EOW: Saturday, September 17, 1921, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Dave Murdock, Houston Police Department, EOW: Monday, June 27, 1921, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Jeter Young, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, June 19, 1921, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Detective Johnnie Davidson, Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, February 19, 1921, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Horace Moody, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer E. G. Meinke, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Isaac Parson, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, May 24, 1914, Cause: Gunfire (Accidental). Detective Joseph Robert Free, Houston Police Department, EOW: Friday, October 18, 1912, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer John M. Cain, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, August 3, 1911, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 1, 1910, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer John C. James, Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, December 12, 1901, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, December 12, 1901, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer James E. Fenn, Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, March 15, 1891, Cause: Gunfire. 
will close with a prayer that those who are already lost will know that we pray for their eternal rest, and for those who live, that we pray for their continued service to this Nation. 
House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; as the representative from Houston, which has one of the Nation’s most effective police departments; and as a cosponsor of the House companion measure, I rise in strong support of S. 665, the ‘‘Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015.’’ 
Every day, more than 900,000 officers protect and serve the people of the United States. On average, one law enforcement officer is killed in the line of duty every 58 hours. And, each year, there is an average of 58,930 assaults on our law enforcement officers, resulting in 15,404 injuries. 
community held a memorial for two dedicated public servants fatally shot during a traffic stop on Saturday night. Married and the father of two, Benjamin Deen, a 34yearold K–9 officer, was recognized in 2012 as the Hattiesburg ‘‘Officer of the Year.’’ Liquori Tate, just 25 years old, fulfilled a childhood dream when he graduated the police academy and joined the police force less than one year ago. For the community of Hattiesburg, these senseless deaths of on duty officers are the first in three decades. 
Hattiesburg is not alone in these tragic developments. Law enforcement fatalities in the U.S. rose 24 percent in 2014, reversing two years of significant decline. The number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty rose from 102 in 2013 to 126 in 2014. Preliminary statistics released yesterday by the FBI show that 51 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2014. This is an increase of almost 89 percent when compared to the 27 killed in 2013. And, of those 51 felonious deaths, offenders used firearms in 46. 
Just one day before this tragedy in Mississippi, Officer Brian Moore was laid to rest thousands of miles away in Long Island, New 
York. Around 6 p.m. on a Saturday, Moore and his partner came upon the gunman. After identifying himself as a police officer, and asking the gunman about the object in his waistband, the gunman fatally shot Moore in the face. Moore was just 20 years old when he joined the New York Police Department and, over five years of service, he earned two medals for meritorious police duty and two for excellent police duty. 
City comes on the heels of the December killings of NYPD Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, for whom the legislation before us memorializes. These officers were killed on a Saturday afternoon, while sitting in their parked patrol car, by a man who had shared his intent to kill police officers on social media. This man traveled from Maryland to New York to execute his plan. Unfortunately, at the same time Maryland authorities were warning the NYPD of this threat, Officers Ramos and Liu were being assassinated. 
Rafael Ramos, and Wenjian Liu—these fallen heroes join the more than 20,000 U.S. law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice since the first known lineof duty death in 1791, nearly 1,700 of whom hail from my home state of Texas and 121 from the Houston Police Department. 
lives to keep the peace and keep us safe are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. So when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed, rapid dissemination of information about the suspected criminal is critical to ensuring justice for that officer and keeping the public safe. 
These officers deserve more than just a response after violence, they deserve an effective, nationwide system that can widely disseminate advance warnings when an imminent and credible threat is made against them. 
Having in place such a system could be the 
difference between life and death. And, for Officers Ramos and Liu, having such a system 
in place may have given them a fighting chance. The measure before us seeks to meet these safety challenges by putting in place such a system. 
Amber Alert and the Silver Alert programs, which have been very successful in finding abducted children and missing seniors. Currently 22 states, including my home state of Texas, have local Blue Alert programs in operation. There is no national system, however, to coordinate alerts across multiple state lines. 
This legislation addresses this gap by directing the Attorney General to establish a national communications network within the Department of Justice to disseminate information when an officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, or the target of an imminent, credible threat to do the same, and assign a Department of Justice officer to act as the national coordinator of the Blue Alert Network. 
and local governments for developing these plans; develop protocols for efforts to apprehend suspects; 
states, local governments, law enforcement agencies and other entities in initiating, facilitating, and promoting Blue Alerts through the network. 
procedures and practices to use in notifying law enforcement and the public when a law enforcement officer is killed or seriously injured in the line of duty, or is the target of an imminent, credible threat to do the same, and which procedures and practices are the most cost effective to implement. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to expand this excellent program nationwide. Passage of S. 665 will not prevent the loss of all brave law enforcement officials in the future, but it can help. Even if it saves one life, and enables one officer to return safely home to his or her loved ones, this legislation will have proven its value. 
which we recognize our law enforcement officers and honor those who lost their lives in the line of duty. But it would be careless not to also reflect on the events that are unfolding across the Nation in response to tragic incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens. 
safety, which should always be one of our major concerns, but the issuance of alerts alone is not enough. The safety of law enforcement officers and community members are undeniably intertwined, but recent events have made it clear that the mutual trust and respect necessary for this relationship needs to be strengthened. 
If we are to succeed in the vital mission of 
building trust and mutual respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve, we must work to really see each other. We must also work to understand each other’s reality. 
the men and women of law enforcement experience when they put on their badge. Law enforcement needs to see the same risks and dangers men and women in their communities experience when they walk down the street or drive their cars. We must see that we are not enemies and we must commit to addressing these problems in a productive and nonviolent manner. 
In order to fully see each other, we need to 
gain a clear picture of what is happening in our communities. The lack of comprehensive and reliable data feeds into this distrust and is an obstacle to moving us forward. 
As stated by FBI Director Comey, we cannot effectively address concerns about ‘‘use of force’’ policies and officerinvolved shootings if we do not have a firm grasp on the demographics and circumstances of such incidents. 
the CADET Act, which would mandate the data collection and analysis necessary to properly educate and train law enforcement. We simply cannot have an informed discussion about sound policy if we do not improve the way we collect and analyze data. 
But it does not stop there. If we are to truly 
succeed in this mission, we in Congress must have a frank conversation about the policies we have enacted that have caused and exacerbated this distrust. We must recognize the role that our actions 
have played in constructing a criminal justice system that creates more criminals and victims than justice. And, we must do our part by taking up the task of reforming our criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons. 
Mr. Speaker, I support this bipartisan legislation because it increases safety for us all and it is an important step towards repairing the relationship between law enforcement and the communities that they serve. 
me, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the National Sheriffs Association in supporting S. 665. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support this good and important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 665. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 606) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Don’t Tax 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796); or 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R EICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include statements and extraneous material on H.R. 606 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
my friend and colleague from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), who is also a 
member of the Ways and Means Committee, for introducing the legislation that we are considering today. 
Mr. PAULSEN has been a great champion for our Nation’s law enforcement, and this bill will provide muchneeded relief to the families of fallen public safety officers. 
Week, we are reminded of the sacrifices of our many brave men and women who wear the badge. 
the ultimate price and give their lives in the line of duty, we have a responsibility to help take care of the families that they leave behind. 
on whether the benefits surviving spouses and dependents receive through State and Federal Public Safety Officers’ Benefits programs are subject to Federal income tax. This bill will remove all ambiguity and codify the IRS’ 1977 ruling that PSOB benefits should not be subject to taxation. 
catastrophically injured or killed in the line of duty, their families should not also have to deal with paying taxes on the benefits they receive after that loved one has paid the ultimate price while protecting their fellow Americans. The sacrifices of our men and women who wear the badge keep us safe, and now we have the opportunity to help provide for those that they leave behind. 
and Means Committee for allowing the bill coming to the floor today, and I thank my good friends Representatives PAULSEN and R EICHERT , my cochair, 
for presenting this bill with me and for their continued support of our law enforcement. 
Our public safety officers make extraordinary sacrifices to protect our communities by putting their lives on the line day in and day out. 
from foreign, but it also says domestic, foreign and domestic. That is our priority. That is the main reason why we are in the Congress of the United States. There are a lot of other reasons, but that is our primary oath to the people of this country. And that is why the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and myself—there isn’t 
a day that goes by that we are not talking about how we could support police officers, not in word but in deed, those folks who put their lives on the line, be they trooper, be they sheriff officer, be they municipal police officer, be they an authority police officer, regardless. 
Officer Liu, was sitting in a squad car. Officer Ramos was a 40yearold married father who was studying to become a pastor when he was killed. His friends and family remember him as a selfless man of faith. He left behind a wife and two children. Officer Ramos loved playing basketball with his sons in the park, watching the Mets, and playing Spanish gospel music. 
honor in this legislation. The last thing a family mourning their lost loved one who died in the line of service should be faced with is a tax penalty. 
of the families of the officers slain in the line of duty. It is a priority. When everything is a priority, nothing is a priority. We are saying in this legislation this is a priority of ours. 
This commonsense legislation ensures that the families of fallen public safety officers are not taxed on the death benefits they receive should a horrible tragedy occur and their family member be taken from them on the job. 
to be passed, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN). 
Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the gentleman from Washington, Chairman REICHERT , for yielding. 
have celebrated National Police Week during the third week of May; and once again, thousands of officers and the families of law enforcement are here in Washington this week to remember and honor the sacrifices of our officers who serve and protect our homes, our small businesses, and our families every day. That is because, Mr. Speaker, every day, our Nation’s police officers— 900,000 officers across this country— wear their uniforms with pride. They go about their jobs without a second thought to the dangers that come with protecting others and in securing our community. Sadly, though, we are reminded too 
Just 3 days ago, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Officers Benjamin Deen and Liquori Tate were shot and killed while making a routine traffic stop. They were just 34 and 24 years old. 
Heights police officer Scott Patrick tragically lost his life in the line of duty. A 19year veteran, Officer Patrick is remembered as a loving father of two children and somebody who was friendly, helpful, and was always looking to serve others. This year, he would have celebrated his 48th birthday. Instead of a party, his family spent the day in court for the murder trial of his killer. 
put their lives on the line to protect and serve our community. Just last week, 44yearold Kevin McRae, a 24 year veteran of the Washington, D.C., fire department, tragically lost his life when a highrise building where he had been fighting a fire for nearly an hour collapsed. He leaves behind a wife and three young children. 
these first responders who have lost their lives in the line of duty, we have a responsibility to ensure that their families are taken care of. In fact, that is why the Federal Government and many State governments provide that public safety officer benefit to the dependents of those heroes that are killed in the line of duty. 
However, because current law is silent on whether State or Federal survivor benefits are subject to Federal income tax, there is a question of whether the IRS can collect tax on these benefits. And the last thing these families need after losing a loved one is for the IRS to come knocking. That is why I worked with Senator AYOTTE to 
introduce the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act. It will ensure that families of fallen law enforcement officers and firefighters who die in the line of duty receive the benefits they were promised without a tax grab from the IRS. 
Federal PSOB benefits should be treated just like workers compensation and not be subject to taxation, the IRS has refused to make a similar rule for Statebased payments and instead has forced families to go through a burdensome private letter ruling. 
relief. It will provide certainty to surviving dependents, and it will guarantee they are not forced to pay Federal income tax on survivor benefits after their loved ones have given the ultimate sacrifice. 
bipartisan leadership of the Law Enforcement Caucus and standing up for this legislation and the other bills we 
have heard today on the floor. I also want to thank Senator AYOTTE for her 
leadership in the Senate. It was this legislation that was a passion project of hers ever since the IRS went after one of her constituents’ survivor benefits. 
The bill is endorsed by many different law enforcement organizations: The Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the National Conference on Public Employee Retirement Systems, the National Troopers Coalition, the Sergeants Benevolent Association, the International Union of Police Associations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, and the Major County Sheriffs’ Association. 
asking my colleagues to support this legislation for the families of those police officers, firefighters, and first responders who help keep us safe. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of Mr. PASCRELL if he has any additional speakers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has yielded back his time. 
unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of my time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PASCRELL. I yield myself such 
not ruled on the tax treatment of State payments, instead allowing any dispute, as Mr. PAULSEN just pointed out, 
to be resolved via what they call a private letter ruling. 
This bill will provide clarity and relief to surviving dependents, guaranteeing they are not forced to pay an excessive tax after their loved ones have given the ultimate sacrifice. 
together on this. I wish we were together on a lot of other things, but we are together on this because we will do anything to support our law enforcement officers in the United States of America, the greatest country in the world. 
legislation is to the families who have lost a loved one. They should not be burdened further with additional taxes on the benefits that that family should be receiving, the sad loss of their loved one in service to their community. This is the second bill tonight that we are considering in support of and showing our appreciation for and honoring those who serve across this country today and who have lost their lives in service to this country and all the communities across this great Nation. 
that we considered earlier was the Blue Alert legislation, and that was one of the recommendations that came out of the President’s own police and community task force. So, as Mr. PASCRELL  
said, not only are the Members of the House and the Senate in agreement here, but also the administration, which is a moment that we all need to pause and appreciate that we are all together on this. We see how important and how critical this legislation is and how important and critical it is to show our support for those men and women who leave their families each and every day to keep us safe. 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
the bipartisan Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act, I’d like to share with you a little bit about fallen Michigan State Trooper Paul K. Butterfield II. On September 9th, 2013, Trooper Butterfield was shot on a routine traffic stop. 
on the ground suffering from a gunshot wound to the head. He was then flown to a regional hospital, where he eventually succumbed to his wounds while in surgery. 
servant; after serving in the U.S. Army, he joined the Michigan State Police where he served for 14 years until his death in the line of duty. Family and friends remember him for being softspoken, kind, and always smiling. 
Trooper Butterfield, but all first responders who have laid down their lives. Several hundred first responders die every year in the line of duty. These officers, and their families, should know that we support them and what they do. I am proud to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation to ensure that families of public safety officers will receive the full benefits they deserve should their loved ones succumb to the ultimate sacrifice. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS, FIREFIGHTERS, AND AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS IN GOVERNMENTAL PLANS. 
amended by striking ‘‘which is a defined benefit plan’’. 
made by this section shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2146 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Safety Employees’ Retirement Act, H.R. 2146, is a straightforward bill that would simply ensure fairness to public safety officials by extending the same treatment that applies to State and local public safety officials to Federal public safety officials as well. 
know from my own experience and from those with whom I worked just how strenuous a job protecting our fellow Americans can be. You never know when or what kind of situation you might be called to intervene in. It is taxing both mentally and physically. I could tell lots of stories here tonight over my 33year career to illustrate that point, but I won’t put Congress through that. Sometimes it is so mentally and physically draining that many law enforcement officials are subject to mandatory retirement at young ages. Think of someone who has spent an entire lifetime, 30, 35 years, in law enforcement, and the things that they have witnessed and seen. 
I was a homicide detective. I, unfortunately, was in an assignment where you had to process the scenes of murder victims and collect the remains of people who had been victims of serious assaults resulting in death. Those memories never leave you. The stress of responding to a ‘‘person with a gun’’ call, a ‘‘man with a knife,’’ a domestic violence call, and never knowing what is going to happen day after day after day in responding to those calls—it is a stressful job. Through no fault of their own, they may need to access savings earlier than a standard retirement age. So we should ensure they are granted access without penalty. 
individuals who attempt to access their retirement savings before the age of 59
2006 Congress removed this penalty for State and local government public safety officers accessing their retirement accounts at the age of 50. This legislation would give Federal law enforcement officers, Federal firefighters, and air traffic controllers, who often must retire early, the same treatment. They are treated equally as local officials and officers. We previously recognized the need for this to happen at the State and local level, and it is just common sense that Federal public safety officials should receive the same opportunity. 
and women have spent a majority of their lives protecting us, and because of that, we should be able to protect them from the IRS. 
the work he has done on this legislation to bring it to the floor this evening. We are talking about H.R. 2146. 
Law enforcement officers face physically demanding work day in and day out. Current law recognizes this by making Federal law enforcement officers and firefighters eligible to retire after 20 years and at age 50. 
on this, Mr. Speaker, I don’t particularly like this idea because it is a way to get rid of experienced police officers throughout the United States of America. If you dump on them the fact that 
what we are going to do is we are going 
to play games with their pension funds, you force even more out. We are not saving any money, and we are not saving any time when we push the most experienced officers off the payroll. 
A flaw in the system makes it impossible for many of these retirees to access their earned benefits in their fifties. Most Federal employees—we are talking about Federal here—receive retirement benefits through the Federal Employees Retirement System. This threepart system is made up of a defined pension plan, a defined TSP contribution plan, and Social Security. 
However, although Federal law enforcement officers can retire at 50 and access twothirds of their retirement benefits, they face a 10 percent tax penalty if they withdraw from the defined contribution plans like TSP before the age of 59
1⁄2. State and local law enforcement officers do not face the same penalty because Congress rightly recognized they should not be penalized after a physically taxing career protecting our communities. 
not enjoy these same protections. This bill would bring equity to the men and women carrying out their sworn duty to protect and serve. It would address a fundamental unfairness in the U.S. Tax Code by removing Federal law enforcement from the 10 percent penalty provisions that currently apply to early withdrawals from government plans. 
would ensure that the penaltyfree withdrawals apply to both governmental defined benefit and defined contribution plans like the Federal Thrift Savings Plan. 
Federal law enforcement officers and firefighters from a diverse array of agencies and missions must wait up to 9
local counterparts before they can fully access their savings without incurring a penalty. 
in our law enforcement agencies, fire departments, and others who sacrifice themselves each day deserve equitable treatment under the Tax Code. 
Let’s stand up for their fair treatment and welldeserved retirement benefits for the men and women who work so hard to protect us. 
correctional workers, Customs and Border Protection officers, and Federal law enforcement officers secure our Federal buildings’ safety, handle the most dangerous offenders behind bars, and patrol our Nation’s borders. When these Federal employees meet all of the established requirements for Federal retirement, they deserve full access to their government retirement plan. 
these officers have shown us by showing our commitment to them here on the floor of Congress. I urge my colleagues to support this 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN), a member of the Ways and Means 
Members, I rise in support of this very commonsense bill, as Mr. PASCRELL  
just laid out, to correct an inequity that exists within the retirement system for Federal law enforcement officers. 
subject to mandatory retirement upon reaching a certain age. Unfortunately, for many Federal law enforcement officers, this forced retirement occurs a couple of years before they are able to legally access their retirement accounts without a penalty. 
It makes no sense to force these officers who protect us and who serve our communities to then retire without being able to access their own money that they have earned and diligently saved. The Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act corrects this inequity and gives these public safety officers the certainty they deserve after years of service. 
his leadership on this issue and look forward to its passage. 
the words from my friend, Mr. PASCRELL . Again, I appreciate his partnership in cochairing the Law Enforcement Caucus with me and all those who are members of the Law Enforcement Caucus in recognizing this is a very important week, a sad week, for a lot of families that are here in Washington, D.C., putting names of their loved ones on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. 
candlelight vigil at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. On Friday afternoon, with the President, there will be a service on the front lawn of the Capitol recognizing those who lost their lives in service to their communities across this country with all of those family members present in the audience. 
considered that have come together to really, I think, show bipartisan support from the administration, to the House of Representatives, to the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans coming together to show their support for the men and women who wear the badge and the uniform across this country. 
and people wonder what the Federal Government can do for local law enforcement. Well, we showed three things tonight that we can do to help local law enforcement and show our support for them. 
one other, and that is the retirement issue. I think that is another thing 
that we can work on. I agree with Mr. PASCRELL on that issue. 
that we can work on that some Members may not be fully aware of, and that is the delayed payment of death benefits for those killed in the line of duty. 
community, a police officer died in the line of duty over 3
years ago—and, as far as I know, today, his family has still not received the death benefit that is due. Threeanda half years is too long for a family to wait when their loved one has lost their life in service to this country. 
work together with the law enforcement organizations across this country looking for ways that we can support them and show that we care and show the families that we care. 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on H.R. 2146 in the House today, I would like to share with you the dire reality facing our brave first responders who put their lives on the line for the safety of the American people. 
work of our first responders, though rarely considered by the average American, are largely due to stress and overexertion. The United States Fire Administration (USFA) tracks the number of first responder fatalities each year and has provided valuable analysis for nearly four decades. The data shows that over the course of the past 10 years, 757 first responders in the United States have suffered from heartrelated fatalities; including heart attacks, due to the extremely stressful nature of their work. 
While firefighting can be an incredibly rewarding profession for a first responder— make no mistake—it is also one of the deadliest. High rates of cancer and heart attacks plague our public safety defenders. Under our current law, first responders can retire at the age of 50, as long as they have completed 20 years of service. Those 20 years are consumed by immediate midnight response calls, the physical toll of carrying heavy equipment, ventilating smokefilled areas, salvaging building contents, rescuing victims and administering emergency medical care. 
would reform federal tax law by allowing firefighters, federal law enforcement officers and air traffic controllers, to access funds from their government plans after age 50 and without facing a 10 percent penalty fee. These first responders have more than earned their ability to access their retirement after over 20 years of strenuous service. We should feel ashamed for penalizing our public safety defenders by levying penalties and fees on those who are entitled and deserve to retire. 
When our lives are on the line and we call 
911, we expect help to come without hesitation and our brave first responders do not fail in their duty. For this reason we must not fail them after a lifetime of service. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2146, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa) at 6 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 606) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to 
transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a letter received from Mr. Robert A. Brehm and Mr. Todd D. Valentine, CoExecutive Directors of the New York State Board of Elections, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held May 5, 2015, the Honorable Dan Donovan was elected Representative to Congress for the Eleventh Congressional District, State of New York. 
being sent to advise that the unofficial results as calculated after the close of polls at the Special Election held on Tuesday, May 5, 2015 for Representative in Congress from New York’s 11th Congressional District are as follows: Vincent J. Gentile received 15,808 votes, Dan Donovan received 23,409 votes, James C. Lane received 527 votes. 
counted pursuant to New York’s statutes, beginning on Wednesday, May 13, 2015, Absentee ballots mailed to eligible voters numbered 5,528 and voted ballots returned to date number 2,922. The number of absentee and 
provisional ballots will not alter the outcome of this special election. 
To the best of our knowledge, there is no 
pending litigation that would alter the outcome of this contest, 
this office by the boroughs of Richmond and Kings in the City of New York, constituting the 11th Congressional District, our official Certification of Election will be prepared and transmitted, as required by law. 
DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR., OF NEW YORK, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from New York, the Honorable Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., be permitted to take the oath of office today. 
His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. 
elect Donovan and the members of the New York delegation present themselves in the well. 
All Members will rise and the Representativeelect will please raise his right hand. 
the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR., TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. RANGEL. My dear friends, the 
good people of Staten Island and Brooklyn of the great city and State of New York have sent to us a man to represent the Empire State of New York, the open door for immigrants who have come here historically from all over the world, and we welcome him on behalf of this delegation, as well as the good Democrat and Republican Members of this House of Representatives. I welcome him to the House and look 
forward to the great contribution he will make to our city, our State, the Congress, and our great country. 
also of good democratic stock from the great State of New York, PETER KING, 
who will join with me in welcoming our friend from Richmond County. 
who has been a friend for many years. He has been a career prosecutor. For 12 years, he was district attorney in Staten Island. He was overwhelmingly elected. He is a true public servant. He is universally respected and is a man of unquestioned integrity. He is going to be an outstanding Congressman. 
Congressman from Brooklyn and Staten Island, the Honorable Dan Donovan. 
honored to join you, and I am humbled by the confidence that the people of the 11th Congressional District of New York have placed in me. 
and supporters for helping me get here. I want to thank my family for everything that they have done for me. I promise to make all of them proud of my representation of them here as a Member of the greatest legislative body in the world. 
H.R. 1732 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SAFE DRINKING, TO MITIGATE AGAINST WESTERN DROUGHT, FOR AGRICULTURAL USES, AND FOR PROTECTION FROM FLOODING. 
this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall protect the quality and integrity of surface waters and wetlands that are available: 
significant source of drinking water for municipalities, including in the Great Lakes where the Lake Erie algal bloom has forced cities such as Toledo, Ohio, to rely on bottled water. 
of drought in California and other western States, which has reached historic proportions. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. b1915 
is a final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Army Corps and the EPA to ensure that important surface waters and wetlands are protected during the new rulemaking process this bill starts. 
of public water supplies be protected. Around the country, we have seen drinking water sources contaminated, like the algal bloom in Lake Erie that forced Toledo, Ohio, to use bottled water. 
has reduced many surface waters to stagnant pools of water. Seven million Californians rely on these streams for their drinking water. We need to make sure these drinking water sources are protected to keep families and communities healthy. 
reached emergency levels, and this motion ensures that waters and wetlands that help mitigate the drought in the West are protected. These waters need protection under this rule because, if they are contaminated, then we have few other options to ensure communities in southern California have access to water sources. 
restrictions to deal with the drought, but it doesn’t make sense to take these steps if we don’t make sure the wetlands and waters that recharge them are protected. 
water used for agriculture, including for irrigation, are safeguarded. California’s agriculture industry depends on clean water, and this motion preserves the exemptions agriculture already gets under regulations. 
amendment to the bill to guarantee protections for water used for the public’s drinking supply, for lessening the impact of the drought in California and the West, and for agriculture. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
First of all, it has nothing to do with 
drought. Second, it is just a backdoor attempt to allow the EPA to take control of all the waters in America. In addition to that, my colleagues from California have tried, time and time again, to work with their colleagues on the other side of the aisle to solve this drought problem in California, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have refused to work together. Again, this has nothing to do with drought. 
the FederalState partnership in regulating the Nation’s waters by maintaining the balance between the States and the Federal Government in carrying out the Clean Water Act. 
H.R. 1732 restricts the administration’s current administrative efforts to expand Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act and requires the Agency to engage in federalism consultation with their State and local partners to implement the Clean Water Act. 
undermine the legislation by giving the EPA unfettered discretion in making State water quality determinations in order to allow the EPA to continue to implement this flawed rule. 
the underlying bill will not apply virtually anywhere the EPA decides that the bill should not apply. This amendment would further erode the Federal and State partnership that H.R. 1732 seeks to preserve. 
States have said revise or eliminate this rule. My colleagues, all day, have talked about we haven’t seen the final rule, but we have seen the proposed rule, and the proposed rule is going to be very similar to the final rule. We have seen this happen time and time again. 
We have to stop this rule. I urge my 
colleagues, all 435 Members of this body, to take notice. This is another attempt by the executive branch to take Congress’ constitutional authority away from us. We should all take this as a serious challenge. 
the executive branch to take our authority granted to us by the constitution. I say, whether it is a Republican or Democrat administration, we have to stop that. 
The bill, H.R. 1732, is a step in the 
right direction. It is a good bill that maintains the balance of regulation and of our Nation’s water. 
partnership that exists under the Clean Water Act, which has been for 40 years, until this administration’s attempting to impose an overbearing EPA on our States. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, 
and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2146. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 175, nays 241, not voting 16, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 261, noes 155, not voting 16, as follows: 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 407, nays 5, not voting 20, as follows: 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
OF OFFICERS LIQUORI TATE AND BENJAMIN DEEN OF HATTIESBURG, MISSISSIPPI 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor the lives of the two police officers who were killed in the line of duty in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, on May 9, 2015, Officer Benjamin Deen and Officer Liquori Tate. 
I am joined tonight by my fellow colleagues and Mississippians, Congressman GREGG HARPER and Congressman 
take this time to lend our prayers to the families of these two young men, to the Hattiesburg Police Department, and to the community for their loss. 
This week, our Nation observes National Police Week, and we recognize the bravery, fortitude, and sacrifice demonstrated by police officers nationwide. They put their lives on the line to defend our communities and our citizens against criminals and thugs. 
I ask the House to join us tonight in 
honoring the lives of Liquori Tate and Benjamin Deen by joining me in a moment of silence. PERMISSION FOR COMMITTEE ON 
ARMED SERVICES TO FILE SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill H.R. 1735. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Education and the Workforce be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1124) to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘WIOA Technical Amendments Act’’. 
made by this section shall take effect as if included in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
may serve more than two consecutive full terms beginning on the date of commencement of the first full term on the Council. Members may serve after the expiration of their terms until their successors have taken office. 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted 1 day after the date of enactment of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HON. JAMES CLAUDE WRIGHT, JR., FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
privileged resolution (H. Res. 254) and ask for its immediate consideration. 
profound sorrow of the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr., former Member of the House for 18 terms and Speaker of the House of Representatives for the One Hundredth and One Hundred First Congresses. 
Resolved , That in the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr. the United States and the State of Texas have lost a valued and eminent public servant and citizen. 
a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. 
today, it adjourn as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 723) to provide Capitolflown flags to the immediate family of fire fighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015’’. 
FAMILIES OF LAW ENFORCEMENT AND RESCUE SQUAD WORKERS KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
under this section shall be provided at no cost to the family. 
in this subsection is a certificate which is signed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Representative providing the flag, and which contains an expression of sympathy from the House of Representatives for the family involved, as prepared and developed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
United States flag flown over the United States Capitol in honor of the deceased individual for whom such flag is requested; and 
after the date of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Clerk shall issue regulations for carrying out this Act, including regulations to establish procedures (including any appropriate forms, guidelines, and accompanying certificates) for requesting a Capitolflown flag. 
each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2020 such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act, to be derived from amounts appropriated in each such fiscal year for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, except that the aggregate amount appropriated to carry out this Act for all such fiscal years 
This Act shall take effect on the date of its 
enactment, except that no flags may be provided under section 2 until the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives approves the regulations issued by the Clerk of the House of Representatives under section 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. NUGENT ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD on the 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 723, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act. The bill before us would allow Members of Congress to honor a firefighter, law enforcement officer, member of a rescue squad or ambulance crew, or public safety officer who died in the line of duty by providing the family of the deceased individual, at their request, a United States flag flown over this Capitol. 
Our Nation’s flag would be accompanied by a certificate containing an expression of sympathy for the family of the individual who passed away, signed by both the Speaker of the House and the individual’s Representative here in Congress. 
This measure, authored by the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) allows our House to express its 
gratitude and recognition for an individual who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of public service to this great country. 
on the line every day to serve others. They are the firefighters who charge into burning buildings in order to save life or property; they are the police officers and other law enforcement officers who respond to incidents and through their actions shield others from harm; they are the members of rescue squads or ambulance crews who spend countless hours perfecting lifesaving skills and rush to the scene of a disaster; and they are the public safety officers who work to patrol our roads, man the dispatch communication lines, and work within our justice system to accomplish countless other safety services for our communities. 
have individuals who answer the call to dedicate their lives serving others. We are very grateful to be surrounded by 
individuals who work hard each day to save and protect lives. Each swore an oath to uphold our laws, and each sacrifices safety in the defense of others. 
These individuals are our daily heroes. The rescue workers and law enforcement officers are our sons and daughters, they are our mothers and fathers, they are our sisters and brothers who each day rise up and stand in the defense of others. And in some cases, these heroes pay the ultimate sacrifice, and they are killed in the line of duty, just as we heard earlier. It is a tragedy in the truest sense of the word when one of these extraordinarily fine individuals loses their life, most especially while in the act of saving the life of another. 
a Member representing my congressional district but also as someone who knows firsthand the sacrifices that these men and women put forward to serve their communities. Before I came to Congress, I served my community as a police officer, as a deputy sheriff, and eventually as a sheriff in a county in Florida. I know what it means for so many men and women to come to work every day not knowing—you can never predict the events of the day and what those events may hold for you. But one thing is certain: you will answer the call for help with everything you have got. When you kiss your wife or husband goodbye or your children goodbye, when you start your shift, they want to know you are going to come home. But they also know that the realities of life are it is possible that you may make the ultimate sacrifice for your community. 
that we recognize their selfless efforts of sacrifice and offer this meaningful token as an expression of our Nation’s gratitude. It is an honor to stand here today in support of this legislation. Each Member of Congress should have the ability to recognize these brave individuals for their heroism and to extend a gesture of sympathy and gratitude to their immediate families. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
with my colleague across the aisle, Congressman NUGENT , in support of 
This sensible bill provides for Capitolflown flags in memory of firefighters, police, and emergency response personnel who are tragically killed in the line of duty. 
gratitude to public safety and emergency personnel who risk their lives practically every day, it is my hope that this small gesture brings some level of comfort to the families of those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. 
eternally grateful. As Members of Congress, we often have the sad duty and solemn responsibility of expressing condolences to families who have lost a loved one in the line of duty. At no expense to these families, this is one small way to express our condolences and gratitude for their service. 
support H.R. 723, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING). He is the distinguished sponsor of this bill. 
gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his years of service in law enforcement and for his dedication here in the United States Congress. 
of this legislation. I think it is particularly appropriate that this bill will be passed during National Police Week at a time when we honor those who put their lives on the line every day. This isn’t just an abstraction. This is really very real, as we saw tonight with the delegation from Mississippi acknowledging their two police officers who were murdered on Saturday night. And just last week in New York a neighbor and constituent of mine, Brian Moore, a member of the NYPD, was shot down. He was murdered in Queens Village in Queens, New York, a young man, 25 years old. He already had 150 arrests. He was a member of an elite anticrime unit. He was shot down in the prime of life. His father was a retired police sergeant. His cousins were on the NYPD and also the Nassau County Police Department. 
are real lives. These are real lives that are lost. These are real people putting their lives on the line, and there are real families who suffer when they are left behind. That is why it is so important, I think, that we in Congress acknowledge that. One way to do that is by being able to present a flag signed by the Speaker and by the Member of Congress who represents the person who was killed in the line of duty. 
Staten Island. D ANwas with me on Friday at the funeral of Brian Moore. Also, we had two tragic deaths in December, Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, two NYPD officers who were murdered in Brooklyn. DANand I were 
at that funeral along with thousands and thousands, in fact, tens of thousands of officers from all over the country. 
solidarity with the men and women of blue. They come under terrible onslaughts and attacks. So much of it is untrue, so much of it is slanderous, and so much of it is carried on by the media. But, Mr. Speaker, the fact is these men and women are out there every day. They are out there doing their job, and it is really important that we stand with them. The very least we can do is stand here in Congress and support them and also then pay them the tribute of standing with their family with the flag when that terrible moment comes that they lose their lives in the line of duty. 
thank the gentleman for his leadership, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his bipartisan spirit, and I strongly urge support of this legislation. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
as well as with my fellow Notre Dame alumnus, Mr. KING, in backing this 
very sensible and decent piece of legislation. I would also say, as he was mentioning the unfortunate tragedies that have happened to members of the NYPD, as a proud resident of the city of Philadelphia, I have only been a Member of Congress for a few months, but I have been in elective office for 6 years, and during that time we, unfortunately, lost more Philadelphia police officers killed in the line of duty, as well as three Philadelphia firefighters killed in the line of duty. That was more than in any 5 or 6year period in the city’s history, which dates to 100 years before the founding of our country. 
So it is a sad and solemn reminder of 
the sacrifice that they are willing to make on our behalf each and every day. 
I believe that supporting this legislation is a proper gesture that we can make here in this House, and I am happy to support it. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
in regard to those who serve us. Mr. KING, I think your reputation precedes 
you in regard to caring about those who care for us every day. 
It is a thankless job a lot of times to 
be a fireman or a police officer or an EMT. Those folks go to work because they want to help people. They don’t go to work because they want to hurt someone. They are driven by this desire to do right and to do good every day. 
that we forget that these are men and women who, whether they wear the badge of a law enforcement officer or a firefighter or an EMT or any other public safety officer, do their job because they are committed to their community. They do it because they love their community. So when some folks want to rush to judgment, I would just suggest that until you walk in their shoes, until you know what it is like to serve in that capacity, I would ask that people use a little restraint and maybe wait until investigation is complete before we start making decisions in regards to guilt or innocence. I had to do that as sheriff. I had deputies who were involved in fire fights where other folks were killed. But you wanted to make sure that—listen, we want to know the facts. We want to know the truth. And if a police officer does something that is wrong, then he should be dealt with. But not all police officers do things wrong. They are human beings, and sometimes they do make mistakes. 
talks to those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice, no matter how they served this great country, whether it was in the fire service or the law enforcement service or public safety in any manner. This is about recognizing them and their families for their service. These first responders and public safety officers stand side by side with each other supporting each other in a common goal. Whether you are a fireman or a police officer, it is a common goal to do the right thing. 
these risks. They know what the job brings, the risks that are incurred, but they do that selflessly. Every time they put on that uniform to go to work, they do it knowing that something bad could happen to them that could change the lives of their children and their families forever. 
Congress to offer a simple yet meaningful expression, I believe, of sympathy. We can’t make up the family’s loss to them, but we can remember these fallen heroes, and we can offer their families our gratitude as we honor those loved ones’ memories, as I think this body should do every day because there are folks that stand the line for us, whether it is fighting a fire, rescuing us from a trapped vehicle at a scene of horrific destruction, whether it is tornadoes or earthquakes, law enforcement officers have to go places that no other folks want to go. 
I just thank you, Mr. KING, for bringing this bill forward. I want to thank my good friend on the other side of the aisle, Mr. BOYLE , for standing for what 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. NUGENT ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, last week was National Small Business Week; and, while back in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, I attended a ceremony honoring Jim and Colleen Small for receiving the 2015 Western Pennsylvania District Small Business Persons of the Year Awards. 
For Jim and Colleen, pursuing a second career as businessowners trumped an early retirement, so they decided to open UPS Store #5642 in State College, Pennsylvania. 
starting out, Jim and Colleen faced challenges, but through community outreach, a dedicated staff, and lots of hard work, the Smalls now run a very successful small business. 
couldn’t think of a better way to celebrate National Small Business Week than by recognizing two outstanding local smallbusiness leaders. 
congratulating Mr. and Mrs. Small on receiving this welldeserved award, and I thank them for all that they do for our community. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the University of California, Riverside’s Bourns College of Engineering. In 1990, UCR opened its new public engineering college to educate the next generation of engineering leaders. Since then, the college has produced over 5,600 engineering graduates and is ranked first among public universities of the same size. 
Not only does the UCR Bourns College of Engineering offer a quality engineering education, it is committed to recruiting students who are a true reflection of the ethnic and cultural diversity of the world in which we live. 
class engineering researchers who are leveraging Federal dollars to improve air quality, predicting wildfires, discovering alternative energy fuels, and developing new materials that will change our lives. 
Kim Wilcox, and dean of engineering, Reza Abbaschian. I know they will lead the Bourns College of Engineering down an even more successful path over the next 25 years. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
National Police Week, and I did want to rise in recognition of the brave law 
enforcement officers of the police department in Garland, Texas. 
ago, May 3, two heavily armed assailants opened fire outside an event at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. Thankfully, some of Texas’ finest police officers were on hand to protect the innocent lives inside. 
from the Garland Police Department did their job. They subdued these two wouldbe mass murderers before they were able to take a life. 
unnamed, but we cannot overlook their bravery and their willingness to put their lives on the line to protect ours. They kept this crisis from becoming a tragedy, and they averted what likely could have been the largest mass casualty situation north Texas has ever seen. 
Police Department my sincerest appreciation for their service and their bravery. These heroes deserve our deepest appreciation for their selfless preservation of human life. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to bring light to the secretive, jobkilling global trade pact called the TransPacific Partnership, the TPP. Supporters want to rush it through Congress using a procedure called fast track authority, which forces a vote with no opportunity to amend the deal. This should alarm all Americans. 
outsource even more of America’s good jobs out from under our working families, degrade global environmental and working standards, and cause investor rights to override worker rights. It propels a global race to the bottom. 
The trade ambassador and the administration assert that the TPP has strong and enforceable labor standards and environmental commitments. The TPP includes four nations—Mexico, Brunei, Vietnam, and Malaysia—that are notorious labor and human rights violators. 
with the standards supposedly in TPP. Frankly, our U.S. Trade Representative has had a bad habit of sweeping trade violations right under the rug. 
Guatemala, Honduras, and Colombia show the need for stronger obligations and a rigorous plan for implementing and overseeing them. 
agreement is not enough. These nations have to change their laws and practices, and we have to enforce them. 
TPP because what is going to happen is more American workers will be cashed out, and exploited workers around the world will find life gets harder. NEED FOR LONGTERM HIGHWAY 
today to urge my colleagues to act swiftly to prevent the highway transit trust fund from expiring. If we do not act, this critical program will expire in just 7 legislative days. 
I am proud to be a member of the 
House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and my district in Illinois is a central hub for the shipment of goods and people over road, rail, water, and air. 
our infrastructure, we are making a down payment on our Nation’s long term economic wellbeing. These investments not only create jobs, but they create jobs that cannot be outsourced. By investing in our infrastructure now, as opposed to punting the ball down the field, we are saving money in the long term. 
Over half a million goodpaying construction jobs hang in the balance, and construction on 6,000 critical projects across the country could be put on hold. This is unacceptable and why we must act now to provide certainty that our local communities, businesses, and hardworking families deserve. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Do you know what is going to happen in just a few days? In 7 legislative days, the United States highway trust fund runs out of money—kaput, it is over— a fund established by President Eisenhower in the 1950s, out of money. 
doing? What is your Representative and your Senator doing? Well, I suspect debating the TransPacific Partnership—the TPA—when, in fact, this is the big jobs issue. 
The trade negotiations, you can debate it forever; but if you really want to create jobs in America, pay attention to this, America. Pay attention to the fact that the Federal highway trust fund expires in 7 legislative days. We have got work to do here; we have got a lot of work to do, and it is not happening. 
State of California. We have a pretty high opinion of ourselves in California, maybe deserved or not; but what it means to us when the highway trust fund shuts down, what it means is a lot of jobs. 73,572 jobs will be jeopardized at the end of this month of May. We are looking at 5,692 active highway and transit projects will stop, red light stop, don’t go forward. 
days, a very, very important thing happens—actually, far, far more important than the TransPacific Partnership or the trade promotion authority. This is where the big jobs are in America. Building the infrastructure of America is how you create jobs today and on into the future because you lay the foundation for economic growth. 
programs with another long, longstanding American law, which is Buy America, Make It In America, you not only create the foundation, but you also create immediate manufacturing jobs of all kinds. From the bulldozers, to the tractors and the backhoes, to the steel and the concrete, you buy it in America; you build the infrastructure in America, and you create immediate jobs. 
Duke University. It is more than a basketball school. It also happens to be one of the more thoughtful research institutions in the United States. They produced a little book that about 535 of the Representatives of the American people ought to be reading. 
for the Senators and the Members of Congress: ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs,’’ Duke University Center on Globalization, Governance, and Competitiveness. 
I am going to read just a few things 
Old and broken transportation infrastructure makes the United States less competitive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes manufacturers less efficient in getting goods to market. 
over 900,000 jobs, including more than 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the potential to create even more jobs. Relying on Americanmade inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to largescale outsourcing. 
It is the agenda that we have been driving for the last 5 years here. Build the infrastructure, Buy America, Make It In America. 
Competitiveness, a lot of talk, everybody wants to talk about the TransPacific Partnership, or the TPA. You want to be competitive; you build the American infrastructure—again, Duke University. 
The United States boasts the world’s largest stock of transportation infrastructure as measured by combined bridges, airports, seaports, and miles of road, rail, pipeline, and inland waterways. 
compared to its major trading partners in terms of quality of transportation infrastructure. Global assessments of transportation infrastructure place the United States in 16th place out of 144 nations. You want to improve our competitiveness, you want to create jobs, build the infrastructure. 
The quality of transportation infrastructure affects the United States’ competitiveness, point No. 6, and here is what we can do about it. 
spending all of its energy and all of its time talking about how we are going to deal with international trade that, in all likelihood, will create fewer jobs in America—so much so that they have to put into that TransPacific Partnership a provision that would actually pay American workers who have lost their jobs—why don’t they talk about their own GROW AMERICA Act? 
This is the Department of Transportation. This is the President’s program, the GROW AMERICA Act. It is, really, a good piece of legislation. It is not yet introduced, unfortunately, but it calls for $7.6 billion to fix our highway system—this is all annual—$6.8 billion to improve public transportation, $3.4 billion to strengthen our rail systems— Amtrak and other kinds of rail systems—and $1 billion to accelerate our freight support system. If you really want to do international trade, you really have to build the freight management system in this Nation. It has got to go out, not just in, and you can’t do it with the antiquated freight systems that we have in the United States. This is $476 billion over a 4year period of time. It is a good project—it is fully paid for—but we are not even talking about it here. 
of this 1 hour, which will, actually, be significantly less than an hour, is to say, ‘‘Hello, America. Wake up. Ask your Members of Congress: ’What are you doing about transportation? What are you doing in 7 legislative days to fix the transportation system? Are you paying attention? Are you paying attention to your State? to your community that you represent? to the jobs that you are going to see and the highway projects and the transit projects? Are you paying attention?’’’ In 7 legislative days, at the end of this month, the Federal highway trust fund terminates along with the projects that are supported by it. It is a problem. It is our problem. We need the courage to act, and we need to pay attention to what is really important, which happens to be the transportation infrastructure of this great Nation. We need to rebuild it. 
Joining me this hour is the gentlewoman representing the Capital of the United States, Washington, D.C., Delegate ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , the 
ranking member of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Delegate NORTON , thank you for joining us tonight. I am looking forward to your presentation. 
good friend from California because it is you who have done a great service to 
the Nation’s infrastructure and transportation by taking out this hour virtually every week. Sometimes it is a lonely hour, but I want you to know that some of us notice. 
tonight with you. I am glad you have joined us. 
in which you have persisted is really a model for how Members get things done in this House, so I have come down, first, to thank and honor you for what you have done. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you. Ms. NORTON. I have to say, in listening to you, I simply can’t figure it out, as your oneman show alone should have been enough to get this bill reauthorized. It is a very unusual way for one Member to take one issue and just not let it rest. Our committee and this Congress owe you a great debt of thanks particularly when you consider, Mr. GARAMENDI , that you are talking 
about a bill that has strong bipartisan support in a Congress that is not known for bipartisanship. So I thank you from the bottom of my heart for what you have done. 
you for your leadership on the Highways and Transit Subcommittee, because you are carrying the weight of this particular piece of legislation. 
down. I am afraid we are not getting anywhere, but if we keep trying and if we keep following your leadership and the leadership of Mr. SHUSTER on that 
side of the aisle and of Mr. D EFAZIO on 
this side of the aisle, you couldn’t have a better partnership in this Congress. I can’t believe we won’t be able to get something done, but May 31, my friend, looms, as you said in 7 days—or is it 6? The fact is that we are counting down, and there are some of us coming on the floor with you each day to count down. I was here on a 1minute earlier today, and I think Members are beginning to understand the obligation that they have to take on, the obligation that you have taken on as a lonely Member for months now. 
We absolutely have to do this with your leadership on the subcommittee in trying to find a path to build the infrastructure and in looking for ways to pay for it. 
GROW AMERICA Act found a way to pay for it—with the earnings of American corporations that are overseas. Bring those back; tax them; and we would have enough money, together with the existing excise tax, to build our infrastructure over the next 4 to 5 years, so we have got to do it. 
a longterm bill. The administration admits that it, too, is not the answer because, after that, we still have to come up with a new way to pay for transportation and infrastructure. You, yourself, talked about when this 
all started, which was in the Eisenhower administration. We have gotten so efficient now. I drive a hybrid car, which doesn’t use much gas. So we have got to be prepared to really think through an entirely new way of funding transportation and infrastructure. 
does want it introduced. Mr. GARAMENDI , we need it, if for nothing 
else but as a marker. What are we talking about? If nothing has been introduced, I am not sure the American people will recognize just how far we have to go. 
down the marker. You laid down the first proposal, and it is really good. I said 4 years. Actually, it is a 6year bill—$478 billion—and it covers all of the elements. All of the elements are there. If somebody has got a better idea, we haven’t heard it. 
that bill, count me as one of the coauthors of it, and I look forward to working with your leadership to push it along. 
very first one given what you have done on this floor, and I am glad you mentioned some parts of the bill and its cost. Yes. Guess what? It costs money; it costs something to do transportation and infrastructure; but the administration has had many Members’ support of bringing back untaxed funds abroad that want to come back and of using it for something that everybody is for. 
I understand that our ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, has written Mr. 
RYAN of Ways and Means to ask for a 
joint hearing of our committee with the Ways and Means Committee so that we can work together, and there are rumors, because that is all we hear about of this bill these days, that there may be one in June. You will notice that that is after May 31. 
concern in that it seems as though the most common thing that happens here in Congress is a game that we used to play as children. It is called ‘‘kick the can.’’ You would get an old No. 16 can, and you would kick it around the yard. We kick the can down the road here so often instead of really gripping the issue and saying, ‘‘Okay. Let us do something that lays out a longterm, 6 year plan where the States and the counties and the cities can actually project projects and know that the funding is going to be there so they can be efficient and effective and prioritize.’’ Instead of doing that, we just kind of kick the can down the road. 
until the end of September, with the same level of funding. We are going to lose a lot of jobs, and the opportunity to build the systems that we absolutely have to have in order to grow our economy is not going to happen. I just go, ‘‘Why would we do that? We have a good model.’’ 
I am looking forward to the introduction of the GROW AMERICA Act that you are going to introduce. Tell us what is wrong with this. Tell us where it doesn’t meet the needs. 
My Republican colleagues and Democratic colleagues, what is missing? What improvements should there be? Tell us what it is. We will deal with it. 
makes sense. American corporations— Apple and others—have billions of dollars—almost $1 trillion—of profits overseas that are not taxed. Bring it home. Use that to invest in America. Bring the capital home so that you can put labor and capital together, starting with infrastructure, and build this Nation. Mr. DELANEY , our colleague from 
Maryland, has a good proposal, a bipartisan proposal, that does that. 
such an important point because you say, if not this, what? 
the aisle—are willing to sit down with you to come up with whatever bill we can compromise on. We just have to be shown a bill. The reason I am going to introduce the GROW AMERICA Act is so that we can begin there. Maybe they don’t want that. Okay. Let’s bargain down from there, but we can’t do nothing. We can’t go home and say, ‘‘Well, we did nothing,’’ and we certainly can’t simply wait for our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
Now, I want my friend from California to know that representatives of the states were in the House today and I went to say a few words to them. They were in one of our committee rooms—a group that calls itself the ‘‘Big Seven.’’ They were the leaders in the States. They were the Governors, the National Conference of State Legislatures, the National League of Cities, the United States Conference of Mayors. They were begging for this bill, so they had their own meeting here. 
up the pressure, we who are on the inside. When you see that those who represent the infrastructure we are talking about are on the Hill, pleading, without an answer from either side, well, our side is trying to answer; and because there is so much bipartisanship, there is just no reason that we shouldn’t be sitting down and trying to figure this out. 
Yesterday, I was in the Central Valley—Modesto, California—for a meeting, and I had to drive to San Francisco for a speech over Interstate 580, the Altamont Pass, and it is so broken up. There is the fast lane on the Altamont Pass, as you go up over the mountain, that actually has about a 6 inch crack in the fast lane. As you 
drive down, you are driving down on one side of the crack. You have one wheel on one side and the other wheel on the other side of this crack, and you say, ‘‘Whoa, I hope I can make it through here.’’ That is a major transportation route with tens of thousands of cars traveling on it every day. So the state of good repair? Not in California. 
take the GROW AMERICA Act that you are going to introduce, it would mean that, compared to this year, 2015, we would have $7.6 billion more across the Nation to repair the highways in our Nation. The Altamont Pass, it is downright dangerous—I was shocked— but they don’t have any money to fix it. There would be $7.6 billion for all of this Nation to do it. 
San Francisco. I was parked in San Francisco, waiting for a stoplight. A bus pulls up, and it had to be a 1950 bus. It was rusted out, and I am sure the seats were torn apart. All good credit to San Francisco for trying, but across the Nation, it is the same way—here in Washington, D.C., with the transit agencies, Amtrak. 
By the way, Amtrak came to Congress. They wanted money—this is some good news—and we actually passed an Amtrak bill out of the House of Representatives a couple of months ago. Yet do you know what they wanted to do? They wanted to get a waiver on the Buy America provisions. They have to build, I think, 28 locomotives and train sets—highspeed—and they didn’t want to buy it in America. I am going, no, no way. If we are going to spend American taxpayer money, spend it on Americanmade equipment, on American jobs. Make It In America. No way are you going to get out of that. 
the project in your district, and that project with the crack in the road is emblematic of what is happening in the 
on that repair because that is a major project. So another patch, as we call it, or shortterm funding, means that the backlog of major projects remains. You can’t start what America needs, which are major projects. If we could put them all here in this Chamber, they would pile up to the ceiling. They simply have to sit there with 6month patches or even a 1year patch. Yours is a major Federal highway, and California can’t do anything about it. 
I went to such a highway in my own 
city, and that is why I brought this poster. The Washington Post picked it up and says, ‘‘Norton Uses Bridge to Make a Point.’’ It is interesting. Although this bridge also has real defects, I was using it to make another point, that every form of transportation depends upon this bridge in the 
the intracity buses; the street car, if you are going to a major highway; the Metro—all of it comes to a head there. 
which is seldom made here, is a point I tried to make when I went to the H Street—or Hopscotch—Bridge, and that is that the failure to rebuild that bridge is keeping a complete overhaul of Union Station from occurring, not to mention a whole new community that would be built over it, because they can’t move on those major economic development projects until the bridge is done, and it will take 5 years to rebuild that bridge. 
not just holding up obvious infrastructure projects; we are holding up major economic development projects that simply can’t get started until the roads and bridges are fixed. 
be more accurate, and you certainly did make the point. I was looking at the picture there. You have got the Northeast corridor, the entire Amtrak system underneath that bridge into Union Station, which I think is probably just to what I would say stage left, and the rail system goes through there, and then the highway system. I didn’t realize that this is holding up the reconstruction of Union Station. 
highspeed rail. So you can’t get high speed rail unless you dig down. You can’t do that unless people can get over this bridge. You talked about billions of dollars of highway bridge and transit that is being held up. I don’t even want to begin to try to calculate how much economic development that depends upon our fixing those major road projects is not getting done. 
lives of our citizens. I don’t have the placards with me, but in previous presentations I have shown pictures of the Interstate 5 bridge that collapsed in Washington State near the Canadian border. It shut down commerce going north. You were not going north on that bridge because it collapsed. And then there was the bridge over the Mississippi River in the Twin Cities, in Minneapolis. That bridge collapsed. I think five people lost their lives there. This is an ongoing issue, one that we need to deal with. 
is at hand. Every community in this Nation has a transportation issue of one sort. It might be a transit, a bus, a train, or a bridge, or a highway, but we all have it. 
and this will be my last, and then I will let you wrap it up. I am going to go back to what is the discussion of the day here in Washington, the TransPacific Partnership and the TPA, the authorization of the fast track legislation. Ninetynine percent of our trade goes through the ports, and this is part of the GROW AMERICA Act. It is part of the freight system. I don’t think this trade bill should pass, but should it become law, you have to have the infrastructure that goes with it, and you cannot have a robust trade program unless you have a wellbuilt port system. 
By the way, one of the things that is 
going to happen is, because of our energy boom, the United States is creating an enormous amount of natural gas. That natural gas is in the process of being transported, shipped overseas in what is known as liquefied natural gas. You supercool, you supercompress the natural gas; you put it into a tanker, a big ship, and you transport it. 
A new facility will go online in Louisiana, and it is called the Cheniere facility at Sabine Pass. It will take 100 tankers, ships, to handle the volume of that one export facility, and there are five others that are in the permitting process. I am saying, Wait a minute, that is a strategic national asset; that is part of our infrastructure. Why don’t we ship that strategic asset on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors? If we passed a simple law here, which actually replicates the North Slope oil law back in the 1960s, we could replicate that and simply say: If we are going to export liquefied natural gas, do it on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors. We would build over the next two decades more than a hundred ships in American shipyards with Americanbuilt equipment and Americans doing the welding and building those ships, probably well over 100,000 jobs; and the seamen, the merchant marine, they would be American. 
It all fits together. It is part of our 
transportation infrastructure. It is using our great national assets, improving them, the transportation system, and then using those assets to create American jobs. Buy America, make it in America, transport that natural gas on Americanbuilt ships with American mariners, and take what will be your legislation, the GROW AMERICA Act, and build the infrastructure. 
I am looking forward to the introduction of your legislation. I am looking forward to your leadership in making this happen. We have got to talk about this every single day until we wake up, until America wakes up, and says: Wait a minute, guys, do something for our Nation; build the foundation of economic growth. 
you should have the thanks of this entire House. I am glad you closed with the program you did—you talked about the ports—because in the GROW AMERICA Act is a multimodal freight program. This is the first time it has ever been in the transportation bill. 
multimodal, because we are trying to make sure that rail and highway and port projects are coordinated together. That is the efficient use of all modes of transportation together. Here on the 
East Coast, The Panama Canal is coming and now you have every single port trying to get that business, and you have the private sector investing like mad in railroads because they want that business, and the buses want that business. 
is doing its job, but you can’t, in fact, in the States do the ports and the freight all by yourself or with the private sector alone. And so this bill, the GROW AMERICA Act, brings it all together, gives us for the first time something that we have had in ground transportation, multimodal, but we 
have not had it in freight transportation so that those ports you are focusing on would grow, and we grow them here, just as you said, buying American. 
very much. I thank you for your leadership. I am looking forward to the introduction of the bill and to push that through. Whether we can do it in 7 days or not—we could. It is possible. All the language is written. You will introduce it. The way of paying for it is known. We have just got work to do. 
I am just thinking about the greatness of this Nation and the enormous potential that we have, and how we 
just let that slip away, for lack of solid programs that really build this Nation. I think about Eisenhower and what he did with the great highway system that we have, the Interstate Highway System. There is much to be done. I look forward to your leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I notice that our Republican colleagues have been listening to our debate and have decided to come and take the next hour and carry forth to Make It in America, build the infrastructure and the foundation for economic growth. I look forward to hearing the gentlemen. 
Ms. NORTON. Yes, I certainly do. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thought we had 
completed, but I guess I am not yielding back quite yet. 
gentleman for the leadership he has taken on not only this bill but on infrastructure in our country. I did want to say a few more words because in these last 6 days we can’t leave words unsaid. 
frustration is—there is really no serious thinking going on in this House about ways to replace the highway trust fund except what is in the GROW AMERICA Act, and that, of course, would be for one 6year period. The reason I bring this up is because I want 
about what has happened to the highway trust fund. We have got to bring it together this time and grow America with repatriated taxes that would otherwise not be there. 
But let’s think of why we have to do 
that. The efficiency that we now have and we ought to be proud of that, but it means that that 1950s approach, which worked so magically, is now entirely out of date, and there have got to be other ways to fund transportation and infrastructure. I was very frustrated that in the last bill, we call it MAP–21, there were not even pilots to guide us, like the socalled VMT miles driven that all of us, even those of us who are in hybrid cars, those who therefore don’t contribute as much on the present highway fund, would play our part. 
here in the House and figure out what to do in the long run because we didn’t do that last July when this bill was extended. There are even some people talking about, well, it can go to July because it runs out in July. Yeah, it runs out in July, and then look what happens. Treasury funds will have to be transferred just to make sure that we keep level funding going, and that level funding, meaning just base funding, will mean that no new major projects will be started in the States because of what has come to be called lack of certainty. I know of no major project that can be finished in 6 months. If it takes you 2 or 3 years, leave alone the 5 years like my H St Bridge project I spoke about, then you don’t start it at all. So the money just lies fallow. It goes to no good major need. 
to look to us and say, What are you doing? That is why we are coming on this floor. They are going to look to us to stop doing the same thing over and over again and think of something that we didn’t do the last time. These short term patches are what we did the last time. 
done it over and over again, and the general talk around this building is that we are going to kick the can down the road yet again, probably for another 6 months, just like we extended the last one for 9 months. It is not the way to do it, and the result is bad public policy and an inability to really build the foundation for our economic future. 
You mentioned the funding, the notion of a joint committee hearing between the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Ways and Means to discuss the funding options that you just described, and so we should talk about what the options are, and then select the one that makes the most sense for this Nation’s wellbeing. 
We can do that. That is what we were 
hired to do and what the voters put us here for. Ms. NORTON. Meanwhile, as you indicated, GROW AMERICA would be a way to do it for at least 6 years. 
I went to speak with the various organizations representing the States that were here today. I had my staff look at what the States are doing. Frankly, I found the States in a desperate position. There are States that have already done gas tax increases or reforms of their own. You have got to be pretty desperate to raise your own tax and leave ours where it was 20 years ago. 
Iowa, Wyoming, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Virginia, Vermont, the District of Columbia, South Dakota, these State have nothing in common, except that they couldn’t continue to go on without funding. 
trying to raise their own gas tax in the absence of our doing something. Those States, in the same way, don’t have anything in common. When I say ‘‘making progress,’’ it generally means one House has at least done it, and they are trying to get the other House to raise the gas tax. They are Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Utah, and Washington State. 
which are considering changes because they just can’t wait any longer to get longterm projects going: Idaho, Kentucky, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, South Carolina, and Vermont. 
there was someone from the South Dakota Department of Transportation speaking, and it was interesting because they raised the gas tax in South Dakota, a very red State, and it included an amendment also to raise the speed limit by 5 miles an hour. I think that would make it something like 80 miles an hour out there. 
this—that, although they had raised the gas tax on the residents in the legislature, nobody talked about anything except the increase the speed limit. That is how little the notion that you shouldn’t raise your gas tax had become in a State like South Dakota. 
looking to us for leadership. These 6 month increments are the exact opposite of leadership—delaying, as I indicated before, Mr. GARAMENDI , billions 
of dollars of other infrastructure that the Federal Government wouldn’t have to pay for often, that can’t get done, like a road or a bridge. That is why I went to such an example in my own district. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to submit for the RECORD a list of 
the top five critical infrastructure projects in my own district, the Nation’s Capital. The National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board has also written to this region’s bipartisan delegation, and I would like to have its resolution also included in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia? 
1. Rehab of 14th St NW, Thomas Circle to 
3. 11th St. SE Bridge (various components) 4. Improved Signal System and Communication Network 
Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, Washington DC 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington DC. 
behalf of the National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board (TPB) at the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments (MWCOG), I transmit the attached board resolution and policy principles for the reauthorization of the federal transportation programs. 
sense approach to reauthorization. We urge Congress to enact legislation that will fund priority needs and promote effective planning and project development. 
moment offers an opportunity to demonstrate that our nation is still capable of taking care of its most basic needs as we plan for future generations. We urge Congress to act decisively and comprehensively. 
Transportation Planning Board (TPB), which is the metropolitan planning organization (MPO) for the Washington Region, has the responsibility under provisions of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) for developing and carrying out a continuing, cooperative and comprehensive transportation planning process for the Metropolitan Area; and 
Whereas, since 2000 the TPB has been calling attention to the region’s longterm transportation funding shortfall, and has documented its unmet preservation, rehabilitation and capacity expansion needs for the region’s highway and transit systems; and 
Whereas, federal funding for transportation infrastructure plays a significant role in the National Capital Region; projects such as the interstate system and the Metro system could never have been built without the leadership, longstanding commitment, and financial support of the federal government; and 
to face the challenges of accommodating growth in people and employment, more pervasive congestion on highways and transit systems, and delays in completing critical rehabilitation needs and key expansion projects; and 
2012 as a twoyear bill, and was extended on August 8, 2014 through May 31, 2015, which was the ninth time in the last decade that Congress has enacted a shortterm extension of the federal highway and transit programs. 
will likely again enact a shortterm extension prior to the May 31st expiration of MAP–21, but the need for sustained and long term federal funding could remain unaddressed; and 
Whereas, the lack of predictability in federal funding programs has undermined the ability of state and local implementing agencies to effectively plan and build transportation facilities that are vital to meet the challenges of the future; and 
Whereas, the lack of sustained and adequate federal funding for transportation undermines economic growth in our region and across the nation and hinders our global competitiveness; and 
historic steps in 2013 to address their transportation funding shortfalls by raising new revenues, and the District of Columbia took similar steps five years ago, but nonetheless, the inadequacy of sustainable federal funding remains a critical concern; and 
Whereas, the TPB has regularly communicated its positions regarding federal transportation legislation to Congress, including policy principles in 2002 and 2008, and a letter on May 21, 2014 calling upon Congress to protect the Highway Trust Fund from insolvency; and 
the TPB directed staff to develop a set of policy principles for the reauthorization of the federal surface transportation program 
that the Board might communicate to the U.S. Congress; and 
Whereas, on April 3, 2015, the TPB Technical Committee received a briefing and commented on draft proposed policy principles: Now,therefore, be it 
Transportation Planning Board approves the attached 2015 Policy Principles for the Reauthorization of Federal Surface Transportation Programs’’ and further, be it 
Transportation Planning Board calls on the United States Congress to reauthorize an enhanced federal surface transportation program for a full sixyear period, consistent with the attached Policy Principles. 
2015 P OLICY PRINCIPLES FOR THE REAUTHOR IZATION OF FEDERAL SURFACE TRANSPOR TATION PROGRAMS  
The federal government has an historic interest in transportation. The benefits of federal investment in a balanced, multimodal transportation system have long been recognized as critical to our national interest, promoting economic growth and providing access to opportunities for all individuals. In addition, the federal government has a unique obligation to support interstate commerce and to meet critical emergency and security requirements, and thus should provide an equitable contribution towards the cost of maintaining, operating and building our transportation infrastructure. 
The National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board supports the following policy principles as a commonsense approach for reauthorization of the federal surface transportation programs. 
transportation funding levels is needed to address the current underinvestment in the maintenance, operations and expansion of the nation’s transportation system. 
Indexing fuel taxes and user fees to inflation so as to maintain the buying power of transportation funds; 
by emerging technology for all modes of travel, including rates that vary by time of day, type of vehicle, level of emissions, and specific infrastructure segments used; 
Incentivizing federal support and coordination of innovative financing techniques, including public/private partnerships; 
2. Fund Priority Needs An explicit program focus, with enhanced 
funding, is needed to put and keep the nation’s transportation infrastructure in a state of good repair. 
Federal transportation policy should provide for increased federal funding focused on metropolitan congestion and other metropolitan transportation challenges, with stronger partnerships between federal, state, regional and local transportation officials. 
multimodal transportation systems must be reaffirmed including by restoring parity between the transit commuter benefit and the parking commuter benefit. As communities seek to reduce dependency on driving and 
serve nondrivers, alternatives must be developed and supported. In particular, federal funding for public transit and safe pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure should be enhanced. 
More timely, detailed, and flexible requirements to comply with MAP–21’s mandate for performance based planning and programming should be promulgated. Adequate and timely federal support, including funding, should be provided to the states and metropolitan areas to adopt and implement the program requirements. 
outlined in MAP–21 should be allowed time to take effect and be evaluated before enhancements are considered. 
Streamlining federal planning and environmental review processes, outlined in MAP– 21, that are aimed at ensuring timely delivery of transportation projects, should be supported. 
in our economy and the demands of freight on our infrastructure, a national freight program should be a key component of a long term reauthorization act. 
as we approach the end, how little of a partisan problem we are talking about this evening. Republican Governors have signed the laws that I have referred to. 
remember this—had Republican Governors, State department of transportation executives, cities, counties, regional councils, and the rest before us, and the notion of devolution came up. 
when devolution has come up, and devolution simply means that if States are raising their gas tax. Well, let’s stop doing a Federal highway or surface transportation bill. 
tax, and they are waiting for us to raise ours so that the partnership that is represented by State gas taxes and Federal gas taxes will remain whole until we find some other way to do this. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) is 
recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
ask how much time is remaining in the hour? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 16 minutes remaining. 
about the Eisenhower years, which gave us the present highway trust fund. Its lasting effects make it a monumental contribution to American law. Our generation has the obligation to move on, now that we have become so efficient that the highway trust fund, as set up 50 years ago, is obsolete. 
Civil War, Abraham Lincoln built the railroad system. How could you do that during a time when the country is split apart, and in this House, we can’t figure out a way to get a highway surface transportation bill passed? 
I looked up the latest figures—actually, 2015—on how our country ranks today. We ought to compare that to what Lincoln did, now going on 150 years ago, and what Eisenhower did 50 years ago. 
We now rank 25th in the world for infrastructure quality. We are behind every last one of our allies, and now, we see some developing countries creeping forward. We better watch out for China. They are not in the top 30 now, but they are going to get there soon. 
which this country became the heavyweight that it is in the world was through the development of its infrastructure. We had to somehow create a seamless infrastructure that would go from across the continental United States, from east to west and from north to south. 
possible. Without that, we are simply going to be overtaken by nations that are far behind us now but, as I indicated are getting caught up. 
I wanted to say a word about at least 
one other section of the GROW AMERICA Act because it relates to transit systems which are under special strain and which, interestingly enough, are embraced by people, from big cities to the smallest towns. 
talking about everything from light rail and street cars that we have here in a big city like the Nation’s Capital to rapid transit and buses that rural America depends upon and that are simply breaking down and unable to handle the traffic. 
$115 billion to invest in these transit systems. The reason that this investment would be so acceptable is that there is no part of America that it does not touch. 
subway systems of the kind we have in the District of Columbia and New York. I am talking about light rail and street cars and buses and rapid transit buses that smalltown America uses and depends upon, and that is in the GROW AMERICA Act. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the Democrats on the Transportation and Infrastructure committee are having a roundtable where each member is going to discuss a project that is stuck because we have not passed a surface transportation bill. What we are trying to do at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow is put a face on what infrastructure means. 
What infrastructure means, for example, in the District of Columbia, is the H Street or Hopscotch Bridge. I didn’t take on one of the bridges that is simply falling down. There are altogether 31 projects in the District of Columbia that are awaiting funding. I have asked that the projects be put into the RECORD . Some of you would be 
interested if you were from the District, but it doesn’t matter. You all have projects like this in your districts. 
make this an offer that this House cannot refuse, we are going to keep patching this bill until there is nothing left to patch. 
even in a crisis. We saw that with the Department of Homeland Security appropriation, that they simply would not give up. Finally, when the administration wouldn’t change its immigration executive order, they simply had to let it pass. That is how we figured that one out. 
to figure out a surface transportation bill. I am working—at least on my side of the aisle—with 1minutes this week, with the Special Order hour Mr. GARAMENDI has taken out, with social 
media, and with our work with the many organizations who have come here because this is National Highway and Transportation Week, as they have so declared. We are trying our best. 
reach a compromise. We are simply trying to get to a bill so that we can simply sit down and talk about it. If you don’t want to talk about the GROW AMERICA bill, put your own version of a bill, but don’t insult the American people by giving us nothing except another patch. 
committee, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, there is an earnest effort to find a solution to this crisis. I commend Chairman SHUSTER  
working together in search of a solution. I call upon the Ways and Means Committee, through whom the funds must come, to do their job. 
going to let this House rest; we are not going to drop this issue, even on May 31, when the funds are set to run out and we have to find a patch. We are going to keep coming to this floor so that the American people know that there are at least some Members of this House who are struggling to get a surface transportation bill, are earnest about it, and won’t give up. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) is recognized for 60 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to talk for a little while tonight about 
some challenges that we are facing as a nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I have never run for office before, and I will tell you I never had intentions of running for office. After sitting home watching from my home State of Louisiana, watching what is happening in Washington, and watching the dysfunction in this Nation, I think that the major motivation for running for office was more out of frustration than anything else—the disparity, the inconsistency in policies, decisions being made that lack, I think, the public interest and are being made more so as a result of political decisions. 
talk about tonight I don’t think will be the only subject that I end up coming back and talking about over the next several months. 
It seems that, oftentimes, the Federal Government’s decisions, their policies, their regulations seem to lack any type of connectivity to what is actually happening on the ground—decisions being made in a vacuum, decisions lacking, I think, the true expertise. What I am going to talk about tonight is an example of that. 
the result of bad Federal policy. Now, the administration would lead you to believe that this picture is what is going to happen by building the Keystone pipeline. 
This is oil, Mr. Speaker. This is oil in 
all of these bags that was recently picked up, but the administration would make you think that this is what is going to result from constructing, from building the Keystone pipeline. 
have anything to do with the Keystone pipeline. This was actually oil that was picked up just in the last few months from an oil spill that happened in the Gulf of Mexico, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill 5 years ago—5 years ago, Mr. Speaker. 
over and over and over again by the State of Louisiana and by the coastal parishes in our State to force the responsible parties to go clean up the oil, and it is not happening. It hasn’t happened. They haven’t been held accountable. 
an administration out there talking about their opposition to the Keystone pipeline because they are concerned about the environmental consequences at the exact same time—and over the last 5 years—allowing this to continue. It is hypocrisy. It is absurd, and it is obviously not in the public interest, Mr. Speaker. 
House, the only reason that the State Department is involved in any decisionmaking whatsoever in the Keystone pipeline is a result of the fact that the pipeline actually crosses the border between Canada and the United 
States. That is the one thing that actually introduces the Federal Government into this decision. 
permitted and built by States, with State approval. They don’t need interaction or approval from the Federal Government. 
pipeline or not approving it, many folks in the administration would lead you to believe that that is actually going to benefit the environment, that it will result in less oil consumption, that it will result in less greenhouse gases being released into the environment, into the atmosphere. The reality is that that is not accurate at all. 
The reality is that, first of all, if you 
don’t build the Keystone pipeline, you are still going to transport that oil. The Canadians will still be producing that oil, but what is going to happen is they will use other modes of transportation. They will use things like barges. They will use things like rail. 
the statistics, to look at the historic performance of these other modes of transportation, which clearly indicate that transporting by pipeline is actually the safest means, the safest mode of transportation to get this product into the United States. 
It is safest in regard to different incidents. It is safest in regard to spills, impacts on individuals, on communities, on the economy, on the environment. The safest way to transport is doing it by pipeline. 
transported. Here is an example of what happens when you transport through other modes, when you don’t transport by pipeline. This is an example of what happens. 
oil being transported by rail lines. Look at the extraordinary spike. Look at the extraordinary spike in the spills and the impacts to the environment as a result of transitioning to that mode of transportation. 
news the various accidents that have happened all over the Nation as a result of this flawed policy of refusing to allow for this pipeline to proceed. 
The State of Louisiana is a logistics—it is an intermodal hub. We have five of the top 15 ports in the United States. We have enough pipelines in our offshore region that they would go around the Equator if you put them end on end. 
pipelines, demonstrated right here. You can see this high concentration of pipelines that are all over our State and in the adjacent State of Texas and in all 48 States in this graphic here very, very clearly. 
the administration is involved in the Keystone pipeline decision is because that pipeline crosses the U.S. Canadian border. It is the sole reason. 
probably did not include Federal approval in regard to crossing over international borders. Take a look at this, Mr. Speaker. Take a look at, as I recall, 1.5 million miles of pipelines 
of the Keystone pipeline are actually already built or can be built without the approval of the Federal Government. That 1foot section crossing over our Canadian border on the north is the only reason, again, that the administration is involved in this. 
building the Keystone pipeline, it will not result in additional greenhouse gases being released. The Canadians are going to continue to produce the oil. The oil will be sent either through other modes of transportation in the United States, or it will be sent to other countries. 
Air Act regimes of these other nations, in most cases, is not as stringent or as strict as it is in the United States, so resulting in a net increase in the greenhouse gases that this administration is so concerned about. 
this pipeline, you are going to force the oil onto barges, onto trucks, onto rail, or other less safe means of transportation. 
those other modes of transportation. They are all critically important, but to see this administration hide behind the oil spill or the suggested oil spill impacts of the pipeline is simply absurd. Facts prove otherwise. 
pipeline, by far, can be built without the Federal Government’s approval. It is simply nonsensical. It is nonsensical to watch this administration hide behind false excuses to drag this decision out for years, whenever it is contrary to our economy. 
other means of transportation, we will be importing oil, not from the North American continent, but from other countries like Venezuela, like Nigeria and Middle Eastern nations that make up the top 10 nations that export oil to the United States. 
say again, Venezuela, countries that don’t share American values; yet we are exporting hundreds of billions of dollars and thousands and thousands of jobs to other countries. 
Who is running this place? Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate passed a bipartisan bill that was going to allow for the pipeline to be approved, for us to put this behind us and move towards other things, towards higher priority things that actually should have the attention of the United States Congress and the White House, as opposed to these things, decisions that should have been made years ago, and we should have passed on from there. 
As a result of these ridiculous decisions, all these tortured reports, all the involvement of various agencies—including the EPA, the State Department, and other agencies—we are continuing to go through this long process, dragging this out, resulting again in less safe means of transportation. 
ships from other countries, across the Atlantic Ocean, or it is coming in on rail lines, it is coming in tugs and barges on our waterways, it is being transported to the United States, through less safe means of transportation. 
closing, that this is what happens when you have bad Federal policy, when you are making bad Federal decisions. This is what happens. 
oil, in miles and miles of shoreline, tens of miles of shoreline, still oil in our home State of Louisiana, as a result of bad Federal policy. 
We are watching a similar bad Federal policy unroll right now as the administration continues to invent impediments to what makes sense, to what statistically makes the most sense—by approving a pipeline and getting out of the way—and obstructing our economy development, jobs for Americans, and North American energy independence. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SESSIONS ) at 10 o’clock 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAINCAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–111) on the resolution (H. Res. 255) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel 
other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect paincapable unborn children, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers 
and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
of the week on account of a successful procedure to clear a blocked artery. 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, 
S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service; To The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’; To The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’; To The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
stating the policy of the United States regarding the release of United States citizens in Iran; To The Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 254, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 13, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable James Claude Wright, 
sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ 
filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 113th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SHUWANZA GOFF, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 27 AND APR. 4, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, EMILY MURRY, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 27 AND APR. 4, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM, JORDAN, KUWAIT, IRAQ, SAUDI ARABIA, ISRAE L, AND SPAIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TUNISIA, UKRAINE, GERMANY, AND FRANCE, 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TUNISIA, UKRAINE, GERMANY, AND FRANCE, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CAMBODIA, VIETNAM, BURMA, KOREA, AND JAPAN, 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CAMBODIA, VIETNAM, BURMA, KOREA, AND JAPAN, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1  AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN.  1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
4Countries visited: Ireland, Turkey, Cypress, Jordan, Israel and the West Bank. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND M AR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
*Transportation and overtime and translator incurred by each traveler. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, U.S. COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2015. h 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1420. A letter from the Chairman and President, ExportImport Bank, transmitting the ExportImport Bank’s export report for April 2015; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s Annual Report on Federal Government Energy Management and Conservation Programs, Fiscal Year 2013; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Performance Report to Congress, required by the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and 
Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, required by the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act, as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Performance Report to Congress for the Animal Drug User 
Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Animal Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, required by the Animal Drug User Fee Act, as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1427. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval of Alabama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gasoline Volatility Standard 
1430. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Infrastructure Requirements for the Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality 
1436. A letter from the Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the sixmonth period ending March 31, 2015, as required by the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s updated Strategic Plan for 
the period 2015 through 2019, in accordance with the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin, transmitting the Commission’s audited SeventyThird Financial Statement for the period of October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014, pursuant to the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act and the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
National Tropical Botanical Garden, transmitting the Garden’s financial statements and schedules for the years 2012 and 2013, with the independent auditors’ report, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 1535; Public Law 105225, Secs. 153510 and 10101; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Sentencing Commission, transmitting the Commission’s amendments to the federal sentencing guidelines, policy statements, 
Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a draft bill, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Purchased Health Care Streamlining and Modernization Act’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–102, Pt. 2). 
Appropriations. H.R. 2250. A bill making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–110). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 255. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military constructions, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect paincapable unborn children, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; and providing 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2247. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to provide for transparent testing to assess the transition under the Medicare feeforservice claims processing system from the ICD9 to the ICD 10 standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LANCE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 2248. A bill to provide that service of 
the members of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during World War II constituted active military service for purposes of laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2249. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 to restore Medicaid coverage for citizens of the Freely Associated States lawfully residing in the United States under the Compacts of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Telecommunications and Information Administration from relinquishing responsibilities with respect to Internet domain name functions unless it certifies that it has received a proposal for such relinquishment that meets certain criteria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. WELCH , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2253. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to extend the application of the Medicare payment rate floor to primary care services furnished under Medicaid and to apply the rate floor to additional providers of primary care services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2254. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to include certain Federal positions within the definition of law enforcement officer for retirement purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
except with respect to certain basic questions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2256. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2257. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the reproductive treatment provided to certain disabled veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. L UMMIS, and Mr. P EARCE ): 
H.R. 2258. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to modify the authority of the President of the United States to declare national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2259. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to provide that a member of the armed forces and the spouse of that member shall have the same rights regarding the receipt of firearms at the location of any duty station of the member; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. C APUANO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. B ASS, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. 
H.R. 2260. A bill to amend the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
development of the commercial remote sensing industry and protect national security; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
MCCAUL, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
and Mr. M OOLENAAR ): H.R. 2262. A bill to facilitate a progrowth 
environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 2263. A bill to rename the Office of 
Space Commerce and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 2264. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to establish a spaceavailable transportation priority for veterans of the Armed Forces who have a serviceconnected, permanent disability rated as total; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 2265. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the work opportunity credit for hiring veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
PAYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. 
refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself and Mr. FARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 2267. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to provide an exception to the avoidance of transactions by bankruptcy trustee under section 548 where the transaction was a good faith payment by a parent of post secondary education tuition for that parent’s child; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. 
H.R. 2268. A bill to end the use of corporal 
punishment in schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S CHRA DER): 
H.R. 2269. A bill to expand the workforce of 
veterinarians specialized in the care and conservation of wild animals and their ecosystems, and to develop educational programs focused on wildlife and zoological veterinary medicine; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C OLE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy 
Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Historic Site within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Power Act with respect to critical electric infrastructure security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
WELCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 2272. A bill to amend section 1105 of 
title 31, United States Code, to require that the annual budget submissions of the Presidents include the total dollar amount requested for intelligence or intelligence related activities of each element of the Government engaged in such activities; to the Committee on the Budget. 
use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R USH, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2275. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration and to improve employment services for veterans by consolidating various programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for himself, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of 
on oil and gasrelated seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. WELCH , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C APPS , 
compelling or coercing any person to authorize access to a protected computer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Nationality Act to eliminate the diversity immigrant program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
on oil and gasrelated seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R ANGEL, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 2280. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to direct the Administrator of General Services to incorporate birdsafe building materials and design features into public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2281. A bill to provide for the elimination of the Department of Education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2282. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the enrollment of veterans in certain courses of education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 2283. A bill to require face to face purchases of ammunition, to require licensing of ammunition dealers, and to require reporting regarding bulk purchases of ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2284. A bill to provide for the retention and future use of certain land in Point Spencer, Alaska, to support the mission of the Coast Guard, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the Bering Straits Native Corporation, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the consent of Congress to the Health Care Compact; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr., a Representative from the State of Texas; considered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
TIBERI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. 
for designation of May as Stroke Awareness Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
LEWIS, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. 
goals and ideals of National Nurses Week on May 6, 2015, through May 12, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
sense of the House of Representatives supporting the Federal workforce; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
for designation of September 2015 as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made byLa w... .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 2251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
SUCH AS Article IV, section 3 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 2259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution of the United States, which gives Congress the authority to: 
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; 
To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 2265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 2271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
H.R. 2272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2275. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that Congress has the power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
H.R. 2279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 2282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 50. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 10, Clause 3 of the United 
Congress, lay any Duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 91: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
H.R. 93: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 140: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 160: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 232: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
H.R. 235: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OE 
GIBBS, Mr. F ARR, Mr. B LUM, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G IBSON, and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 288: Mr. W ALZand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 303: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. 
H.R. 333: Mr. W ALDEN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
H.R. 504: Mr. O LSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 578: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mrs. M ILLER  
H.R. 624: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 628: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 699: Ms. M OORE and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 711: Mr. K ENNEDY and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 721: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 802: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 815: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 835: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 842: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
H.R. 863: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. Y OUNG of 
NUNES , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. 
H.R. 915: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 920: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 990: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W ELCH , and 
H.R. 1018: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1057: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1073: Mr. C OOKand Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1114: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
H.R. 1117: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. 
H.R. 1171: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mrs. M ILLER  
H.R. 1188: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. P ETERS , and 
H.R. 1190: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
SINEMA , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. L ORET TASANCHEZ of California, Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G IBSON , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
ROSS, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
H.R. 1209: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 1221: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 1222: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R USH, and 
H.R. 1233: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. 
H.R. 1234: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. A LLEN , and 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1249: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1250: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 1258: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 1269: Mr. C ONYERS and Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 1284: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
H.R. 1301: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. K ATKO and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1340: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. I SRAEL and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , and 
H.R. 1462: Ms. K USTER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mrs. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 1482: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1507: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington and Ms. 
H.R. 1532: Mr. K LINE, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1548: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 1559: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
LANGEVIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L ORETTA  
NAPOLITANO , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
KUSTER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K IND, Mr. A MODEI , 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Ms. K USTER , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1602: Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. H AHN, and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. K IND, Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. W ALZ, and 
H.R. 1611: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. H ECK of 
H.R. 1615: Mr. P ERRY and Mrs. M ILLER of 
H.R. 1635: Mr. S TEWART and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1640: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. B ARR, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. J ONES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. N UNES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
H.R. 1708: Ms. M OORE and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. R OKITA . 
HILL, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 1786: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ARRETT , and 
H.R. 1814: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G IBSON , and Ms. 
H.R. 1832: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
WELCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J EFFRIES , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
STEFANIK , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1902: Mr. C ONYERS and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1932: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. H.R. 1942: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B EN 
H.R. 1948: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 2016: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P RICE of North 
H.R. 2017: Mr. U PTON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 2025: Mr. R UIZ, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
H.R. 2026: Ms. K USTER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2042: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
KUSTER , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , and Ms. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. L ONG, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
H.R. 2072: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2090: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2123: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2146: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
H.R. 2173: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 2174: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 2191: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 2192: Mr. F ARRand Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2193: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2201: Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 2210: Mr. O LSON and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
H.R. 2215: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and 
H.R. 2216: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. L EWIS, Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. S MITH of 
H. Res. 54: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
LATTA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
GIBSON , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H. Res. 145: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 147: Ms. M ENG, Mr. H IGGINS , and 
H. Res. 181: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. C LAWSON of 
H. Res. 203: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 206: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . 
H. Res. 227: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
H. Res. 232: Mr. P OLIS and Ms. N ORTON . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H URD 
of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
RIBBLE , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 235: Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. 
H. Res. 253: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2767 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 2015 No. 72 