Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GOHMERT led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
objection, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) is recognized for 1 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize my friend, Pastor Tim Crumpton of Heber Springs, Arkansas, 
for his service today as guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
knowing Pastor Crumpton for the past several years, and I am humbled by the leadership that he has shown his community through his dedication to God and Scripture. 
Ever since he was a young man, Pastor Crumpton has been involved in various ministries, and he holds a bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in Christian education. In 1995, he began traveling with his family, preaching in children’s ministries, Christian youth camps, and singing in churches throughout the States and several countries abroad. Today, he serves as the pastor of the Cleburne County Baptist Church in Heber Springs, Arkansas. 
youth camp and will be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary next month. They have five children, one daughterinlaw, and one grandson. 
Crumpton for leading us in prayer as today’s guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Member be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 612. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, I 
for his leadership and his support in bringing this important legislation, the Slain Officer Family Support Act of 2015, to the floor of the House of Representatives. 
the lead Republican cosponsor, Representative PETER KING, for his partnership on this bill, which is of great importance to the people of New York, as well as law enforcement throughout the entire Nation. 
It is an honor and a privilege for me 
to represent the Eighth Congressional District in New York City, proud home of the New York Police Department, one of the finest in the world. 
tragedy struck the Bedford Stuyvesant community that I represent. While sitting in their marked patrol car, Detectives Wen Jian Liu and Rafael Ramos were approached from behind and, 
without warning, assassinated at pointblank range through the passenger side window. 
Liu and Ramos, both Brooklyn residents, had been assigned to patrol the Tompkins public housing development in Bedford Stuyvesant as part of a ‘‘criticalresponse detail’’ responding to an increase in violence over the previous year. They volunteered to be there as part of their willingness to protect and serve the people of New York City. They were killed simply for wearing that blue uniform. 
Brooklyn’s Gravesend section earlier that year, was the only son of Chinese American immigrants and came to the United States with his family at the age of 12. He is survived by his parents and his new wife, whom he just married a month prior to that fateful day. 
City, Mr. Liu was inspired to become a police officer after witnessing the attacks on September 11. After studying at both Kingsboro Community College and the College of Staten Island, he joined the auxiliary police in 2006 and in 2007 graduated from the police academy. Detective Liu served as a New York Police Department officer for 7 years. 
the NYPD, had recently celebrated his 40th birthday. He was a lifelong Brooklyn resident. He was committed to his community and active in his church in Glendale, Queens. 
safety agent before realizing his longtime dream of becoming a police officer in January 2012. He then decided that he also wanted to become a police chaplain. He spent 10 weeks studying to get his certification. His chaplain class was scheduled to graduate at 4 p.m. on the day he was killed. Detective Ramos had intended on going into fulltime ministry after retiring from the New York Police Department. 
sons, Jaden, 13, and Justin, a 19year old college student. 
this Nation, there was an outpouring of love and support for these two men and the families that they left behind. 
Under current law, individuals contributing to organizations that provide financial support to the families of the slain detectives were required to make their contributions by December 31 of last year in order to qualify for a tax deduction in connection with a 2015 filing. 
December 20. This bill extends the date of eligibility. Upon enactment, charitable contributions made by this year’s April 15 tax deadline would be deductible immediately. 
has scored the bill as having a negligible budgetary impact of $500,000 or less over 10 years. It is similar, as Chairman RYANpointed out, to legislation this Congress passed in 2014 and in 
2010 in the wake of natural disasters in the Philippines and Haiti. 
Ramos and Detective Liu were a national tragedy that shocked the conscience of America and shook New York City to its core. In the aftermath, we cannot forget the families left behind when these two brave heroes were killed tragically in the line of duty. As part of that effort, this legislation will take a significant step in that direction. 
other cosponsors of the bill, for their support in bringing this legislation to the floor. 
my colleagues in the House to support H.R. 1527, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I think the gentleman from New York said it very, very well. I think this is the right and appropriate thing to do, and I thank him for bringing it to our attention. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Slain Officer Family Support Act of 2015. This bill, championed by Representative HAKEEM JEFFRIES , which I was 
proud to cosponsor, will encourage charitable contributions to the families of slain New York Police Department (NYPD) Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos by extending the tax deduction period for such contributions. I have been fortunate to meet and talk with the families of these two heroes. 
those who step forward in times of tragedy. The Slain Officer Family Support Act is critical to ensuring that those who kindly assist the families of slain NYPD Officers Liu and Ramos are rewarded. I commend Representative JEFFRIES for his hard work on this important 
hundreds of thousands of federal, state, and local law enforcement officers put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe. Unfortunately, the grave risk that our law enforcement officers face was tragically confirmed again this past Christmas when onduty NYPD officers Ramos and Liu were murdered while simply sitting in their squad car. Regrettably, attacks against our nation’s law enforcement officials are too common. Just yesterday, we read the news about two more law enforcement officers, San Jose Police Officer Michael Johnson and a state trooper in Wisconsin, who were shot and killed responding to incidents. Every loss of life is tragic. Our communities are particularly heartbroken when the life of a law enforcement official is taken. But when the funerals are over and the news subsides, it is families and coworkers who must continue to cope with the tragic loss. 
could to ease the burden of the family members that Detectives Ramos and Liu left behind. That is why I am proud to support the Slain Officer Family Support Act. This bill would provide those who have opened their hearts to the families of these slain officers 
their 2014 tax returns. We must continue to honor and remember the sacrifice of these officers and support this legislation. 
NEWHOUSE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1527. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of New Jersey’s sons, Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine of Waldwick, New Jersey. 
killed almost 3 years ago this week, on March 27, 2012, while conducting combat operations in Afghanistan. In the greatest act of sacrifice possible, he gave his life while protecting his fellow men and women in uniform. He was just 29 years old. 
House to introduce legislation that will ensure that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine’s legacy lives on for generations to come. 
United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building. 
Congress could ever repay Staff Sergeant D’Augustine’s sacrifice. This bill, however, will create a permanent and visible memory of his heroism. 
last Congress, unfortunately, my colleagues in the Senate did not take it up. So I come here tonight, hopeful that my colleagues in both the House and Senate will take action to get this bill passed and signed into law so that his legacy will live on. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, sex trafficking is one of the world’s most monstrous, pervasive, and underpenalized crimes. Up to 300,000 American children are at risk of being trafficked annually. 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which I coauthored with Congressman POEand which passed 
this House unanimously in January, clarifies that the true criminals are the 
traffickers who enslave adolescents and the johns who prey upon them. 
and enforcement for the demand side of human trafficking and provide restitution to the survivors. 
other body, but it is being complicated by a proposed expansion of the Hyde amendment, which I do not support. 
should either take up the Housepassed version or find some other compromise. The voiceless victims of modernday slavery in its most horrific form of cruelty cannot afford to wait any longer. 
(Mrs. LOVE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
stand with others in my district—my constituents—and offer my heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of David Marsh, who passed away early Monday. 
David became the victim of a senseless act of violence as he stood behind the counter of Lee Mart, the convenience store where he worked for 25 years in Murray, Utah. He was shot during a robbery. 
floor after receiving accolades and publicity, but I wish to honor David because of his consistent positive impact on others. He made a profound impression on those he met through his hard work and dedication. He was a wonderful father and role model who became a fixture in the community. His kind and loving nature made his family, friends, and acquaintances smile. 
Nation great. I hope that we can all honor the life of David Marsh by being engaged citizens and connecting with love and understanding to the people around us. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening with deep sadness in the wake of the terrible tragedy involving Germanwings Flight 9525. 
While the investigation is still ongoing, it is believed that all 150 passengers on board have been lost, including three American citizens. Also on board were 16 German students who were on their way back to Germany following their 10thgrade class trip to Spain. 
magnitude brings heartbreak, but we are especially saddened by the loss of so many young people full of hope and promise. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that investigators can quickly determine the cause of this tragedy for the victims’ families. 
American Congressional Caucus, I want to offer my heartfelt thoughts and prayers to all the victims and their families, and our allies in the several countries currently addressing this 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
Speaker, earlier today, my colleagues and I debated and passed a budget about which I have quite a few concerns. 
They should map out the priorities we have for our Nation. The resolution that the House adopted earlier suggests that our priorities are the interests of the top 1 percent of earners, the interests of corporations. Certainly, not the interests of working families. 
Mr. Speaker, according to a Pew Center analysis of census data, 4 out of every 10 households with children now have a mother who is either the sole or primary bread winner. That means that 40 percent of families are led by woman. 
History Month, my Congressional Progressive Caucus colleague and I have come to the floor this evening to talk about the impacts of the Republican budget on women. 
percent of our Nation’s households with children, a huge socioeconomic shift for this country; but when you dig deeper, 25 percent of those households are singleparent homes where women are the only provider. Those women need health care to be able to keep going to work. As we know, Mr. Speaker, not every employer offers health care. 
the Affordable Care Act, and now, more than 16 million Americans have access to health insurance, many of them for the first time. 
preventative care, including annual screenings, and free coverage for contraceptives. There were also a host of benefits, economic and otherwise. 
projects that combined Federal spending for Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, commonly referred to as CHIP, will be $682 billion less over the 2011–2020 period than projected in 2010 without the Affordable Care Act. 
indeed, slowed dramatically. The uninsured rate for workingage adults dropped 35 percent, from 20.3 to 13.2 percent; but it seems that all the bill’s benefits don’t mean much to my Republican colleagues who have found a huge and factually questionable portion of their budget’s ‘‘savings’’ from repealing the law. 
the impact of health care and the Republicans’ budget repeal of the ACA. Without access to the health care they need for themselves and their families, Republicans must be assuming that women will be able to take paid time off for work. Unfortunately, we passed the wrong budget for that. 
problem, it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
today to urge this House to supports the people’s budget. 
The Federal budget is not just a financial document; it is a moral document. The best way to grow our economy is to ensure that Americans have good jobs that pay a livable wage. 
fact. In 40 percent of households with children under 18, mothers are either the only or the primary source of income for the family. Many of these mothers do not have the support of affordable childcare, paid family leave, or paid sick days. 
providing paid medical or sick leave will have a direct positive impact on millions of working mothers. As of last month, 3 States and 17 cities will soon have or now have paid sick leave day laws. This is a good start, but, as Members of Congress, we need to set a national standard, and we need to do it now. 
basic workplace standard of paid sick days is hurting workers, is hurting families and the public health. Nearly 4 in 10 private sector workers and 80 percent of the low wage workers do not have a single paid sick day. Is that what we want our budget to reflect? 
families; yet their budget represents more of the same. The budget that the Republicans have introduced doesn’t invest in growing our infrastructure. It cuts vital programs like Medicaid and helps keep working families in poverty. This is totally unacceptable. Paid sick days keep families financially secure, 
The Institute for Women’s Policy Research calculates that the Federal Government could prevent over 2,600 lost jobs for women. Why? Because 2,600 women left their jobs because they were not offered paid parental leave. 
million goodpaying new jobs by 2018. The people’s budget also ensures that our tax codes work for everyone by closing tax loopholes and expanding the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. 
budget because deficit reduction should not be fixed on the backs of hardworking Americans. We must put people first. Do you pay your car note before you buy groceries for your family? No. 
in our Federal budget, but, Mr. Speaker, people must be first. 
the primary breadwinners than ever, it is important to point out that two thirds of the minimum wage workers are women. 
Women are notoriously underrepresented with equal pay for equal work. The Federal minimum wage right now is only $7.25 per hour. A woman working full time would make just $14,500. That is below the poverty line for a family of three. 
families can work hard to get ahead, it seems that we would want to make sure they are getting paid enough to do so; yet this issue is completely absent from the Republican budget, and still, women will be notoriously underpaid for the work that they do. 
Mr. Speaker, women are also notoriously underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. These are the jobs of tomorrow. These are the jobs that will grow our economy, that will make us globally competitive. 
these issues of underrepresentation of women in those areas—science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—because the Republican budget that we passed today does not think it is important. 
hand, would lift the minimum wage, would increase the opportunities for women in educational fields where they have been underrepresented and would result in a raise for more than 27.8 million workers, including the 15.3 million women. 
raising the minimum wage as well. For starters, since women are the majority of minimum wage workers, lifting that Federal minimum wage would close the pay gap by nearly 5 percent. I know it has been said time and again, Mr. Speaker, but raising the minimum 
aren’t dropping into savings accounts; they are paying for things they need right now. Research indicates that for every $1 added to minimum wage, low wage worker households spent an additional $2,800 the following year. That is a winwin situation. 
budget that included the minimum wage increase. We adopted the budget that included new tax cuts for the top 1 percent at the expense of the middle class. 
passed the wrong budget. The Republican budget is wrong for women. It is wrong for the middle class. It is wrong for the Nation’s economy. 
Dream are crumbling beneath our feet just right as we speak, with stagnant wages, struggling schools, and a wealth gap that is only getting bigger. 
that are only going to make matters worse. We need to open our eyes and fight together for policies that will build an economy that works for everyone. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) for the remainder of the 
Speaker, I rise today to address one of the greatest moral crises of our time: student loan debt on my generation. Because of student loan debt, an entire generation is in financial quicksand. 
student loan debt that our generation carries today. Approximately 40 million Americans had one or more student loans. The average amount owed on student loans is $33,000, and 70 percent of students graduating this year will be burdened with this debt. 
with this debt, graduating with a bachelor’s degree, over 19 years to pay off their loans. 
Caucus’ Future Forum will address this moral crisis, and we have got a number of Members who will work with us this evening to talk about their personal stories or stories that they are hearing in their district. 
our country, including in my congressional district in the East Bay, to tweet or Facebook at us under #mystudentdebt or #futureforum; and we will answer some of their tweets this evening. 
First, I am going to yield to a colleague of mine who came in, in the 
113th Congress, somebody who had student loan debt himself and represents a district in Washington (Mr. KILMER ). 
in a small town in Washington State that I now have the opportunity and the honor of representing. 
My folks were schoolteachers. My father, actually, this year, is in his 50th year as a teacher in the classroom. The reality is I couldn’t have gone to college if it hadn’t been for the support of my community and the assistance of financial aid. 
made the dream of college a reality, and I had a community that had my back, that literally passed the hat by providing me with scholarships to help me fulfill my own dreams of a college education. 
to opportunity, and for a lot of families, including mine, financial aid is the key to that door; but the reality is, for too many families today, that door is locked. We have got work to do. 
came together to pass legislation to protect student borrowers so that they can obtain low interest rates, but our work isn’t done. We need to continue to have a commitment to quality and affordable education. 
That is why I am proud to be a cosponsor of a bill that would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to be able to refinance at the same low rate as new borrowers. 
Two and a half centuries ago, Benjamin Franklin wrote: ‘‘An investment in knowledge pays the greatest interest.’’ I think that was true when he wrote it, and I think it remains true today. We know this. 
college, but we know that college is a dooropener. We know that. And we know that America’s competitiveness depends on our ability to have a good, skilled, qualified workforce, to have quality educational opportunities for our workforce. We know that as educational attainment rises, so do wages and so do employment levels. 
We know that it is wiser to invest in 
education on the front end than it is to pay for prisons and unemployment on the back end; and that, to a large degree, is a decision that we make as a country and as a society. But that only works if we provide opportunities for students, if we ensure that they don’t drown in debt. 
surpasses credit card debt. We need to make sure that when young people graduate college, they have an opportunity to join the workforce, to start a business, or to teach the next generation, not simply to be bogged down with debt. 
One of the coolest parts of this job is 
the opportunity to get to meet with young people, to get to meet with college students and high school students, people who have a long way ahead of 
them. And I think about what I want for those students. I think about what I want for my own kids. I want them to be able to look at the future not with fear of debt and fear of astronomical financial obligations but with hope for their future. 
that I was afforded and the financial aid that I received that paid for that college opportunity enabled me to live a lifetime that was filled with hope. So we have got work to do. And I, for one, am committed to working with the good gentleman from California and others in this Congress—hopefully from both sides of the aisle—to address this opportunity and make sure that all young people and, frankly, all who want to pursue educational opportunity see that door open to them. 
know there are a number of colleges in your district in Washington or around your district. And when you talk to young people today and they are thinking about going to college, how much are you hearing that the potential of debt is weighing on that decision? 
Mr. KILMER. I appreciate the question. It is the main concern that we hear. 
last month and heard concerns from students who said: I want to go to college. I want to pursue that opportunity, but I am fearful that I won’t be able to afford it. 
States all throughout this country that as States faced difficult budget times, two things happened. One, State support for our educational institutions got cut, and tuition rose. Oftentimes, financial aid—either from the institutions or from other sources—didn’t keep up with those increases in tuition. So young people are concerned about that. They recognize that further education is going to be really important for their chances of getting a good job. Again, not every job requires higher education, but as we look at those fastestgrowing jobs in our economy, more and more of those jobs require at least some postsecondary education. 
it just young people who are concerned about it? What do you hear from their parents as far as what the debt means if they have got a child who has just graduated college and is out there in the job market? Are you hearing from the parents as well? 
have, concerns around student loan debt and access to affordable, quality education come up. But even outside of parents, there are folks in my community who have, unfortunately, lost their jobs and want to go back to school. 
I was at Olympic College in my district in Bremerton, Washington, and their foundation had a luncheon that was to support students and their ability to pay for college. We heard from one of the students who was a more mature student who had started her college career either sleeping in her car or sleeping in the student center. And that, for too many people, is a reality these days. We need to make sure that education is affordable, that education is quality, and that the key that financial aid represents to that door of opportunity is available for everybody. 
thank the gentleman from Washington, and I look forward to seeing your good work across Washington and in this Congress to address this moral crisis of our generation. 
Mr. KILMER. Thank you. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I mentioned that we are going to be having a conversation not just here on the House floor, but we have been talking to young Americans and people with student debt across America. So you can tweet on your phone at #mystudentdebt or on Facebook at #mystudentdebt or also tweet under #futureforum. 
I just want to read one of the first 
tweets that came in on this, and this came from Natalie Collier. She is from my hometown in Dublin, California. It is a place where, when I was growing up there, only less than 30 percent of the high school graduates were going on to 4year universities. That number has more than doubled today. But young people like Natalie who have gone on to college have this to say. 
that she pays $300 each month to reduce her interest payments, and without such payments, she could save to buy a house. 
first: What is your monthly payment for your student loan debt? For some student loans, you have to start paying them immediately while you are still in college, especially for many of the private ones. Others you have to pay them immediately upon graduation. 
you do with that money if you weren’t spending it on your student loan debt? How would you spend that money? 
she didn’t have to spend that on her student loan debt, that would be spent in the economy, hopefully allowing her to save to buy a home, pay her auto payment, pay her rent, hopefully near where she works, and she doesn’t have to spend as much time on the road. 
out into the economy if we can lessen the burden that the student loan debt has on younger people in our country. 
me because I have student loan debt. My student loan story is that I was fortunate to go to college on an athletic scholarship. That was the only reason I was able to go to college. 
send me to college, and I knew that I had to work hard and play soccer well, 
I would be the first in my family to go to college. But like many young athletes, I got injured. I wanted to stay in college, so I had to take out student loans. About 90 percent of the student loans I took out were Federal student loans, but there had to be a bridge between the Federal student loans I had and the tuition that I owed. So we had to take out some higher interest private loans. 
and I never complained about it. I knew it was an investment in my future. And I worked every job I could to try to make it work and to meet the tuition demands that I had every semester. 
from where I grew up and across our country, and I have realized that this isn’t something that is just affecting me. I pay roughly $400 a month still on my student loan debt. It is something that is weighing like an anchor on young people across our country—41 million young people, approximately, with over $1 trillion in student debt. 
they have to make in their formative years: when or whether to start a family, being able to buy their first home, leaving the job they have to take a risk and go out and start a business on their own. 
factor for young people today is that student debt that they carry. And it is weighing them down. It is weighing an entire generation down, and it is something that this United States Congress must do. 
I am glad to see here for his second 
Future Forum appearance my colleague from Colorado, Congressman JARED POLIS. 
And I would be interested, Congressman P OLIS, in what you think and what 
you are hearing from young people as far as how this weighs on decisions they have to make and what we can do here in the Congress. 
from California for his leadership on this issue and for raising public awareness about the role that Congress should play and is failing to play with regard to making college more affordable. 
to meet with the chancellor of one of our flagship State universities in the district I represent, the University of Colorado at Boulder. Chancellor Phil DiStefano came by, and we talked a lot about college affordability. 
I am proud to say, is doing what they can. They are creating a new 3year program, where students can graduate in 3 years and only have to pay for 3 years of tuition. They are also creating an interestfree installment program, where students can pay their fees spread out over a longer period of time without interest, financed through the university. And I am very proud to report that 
CU will only increase student tuition by 3 percent this year, which is the lowest increase in several decades. 
universities are trying to do in their own right to what Congress can do is where we need to shift the discussion here. Making student loans more affordable, reducing the interest rate, and in some cases, raising the cap available are all absolutely, absolutely critical to help young people afford a higher education that enables them to succeed in the workforce. 
to address some of the cost drivers within higher education. I think we took a good first step with the Affordable Care Act, with looking at some of the costs of health care in education. 
of the costs of content acquisition. Dr. Phil DiStefano was telling me that their library costs of acquiring material and keeping their professional journal subscriptions is increasing at 15 percent a year. One of their cost drivers. That is why some of us here supported a bill—and President Obama took the first steps on this—to make sure that taxpayersupported research, money that is funded through NIH research—it is funded through NIH or NASA, taxpayerfunded research—is made freely available to the public and is not only available in prescription journals that not only raise the costs for our universities but make access to the very science that we, the people, financed less egalitarian by limiting it to those who can pay for it. 
source textbooks. Would you believe that after you pay tuition, after you finally, you know—oh, my gosh, with this debt and my parents’ help and my job—oh, but then guess what? $1,100 for textbooks. I kid you not. 
that their textbooks were $1,100, $1,200. And I asked the chancellor today. I said, Am I hearing from the students in the worstcase scenario? He said, No, that is average. That is average. It is costing the average student $1,100 a semester for the textbooks they need to succeed. We don’t need that. We can, through innovation, disintermediate that and have collaborative open source content of the same or superior quality that professors put together for students and is available for free or near free. 
online or as a textbook. The physical act of producing a textbook is only $3 or $4, not $50 or $100. Most of that profit margin goes to textbook companies. Very little is with the authors or the professors who contributed the work. They largely do it for professional consideration and prestige. And if we can build a culture that supports and empowers content platforms that are open source, we can truly bring down those textbook costs which are so onerous for students in higher education. So we should challenge Congress to 
do something about the looming student debt crisis, not just for the students that are accruing it today, but for people who graduated 5 or 10 years ago and are still suffering under the yoke of the debt that they incurred that allowed them to have a decent job in America. 
mean, this seems like a problem of, What do you do with the student today and the student tomorrow? And that revolves around what the interest rates are going to be. 
just about today and tomorrow. This is about the generation that took on the debt and is carrying it now and is in the workforce. 
We have just introduced in the Congress the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, introduced by our colleague from Connecticut, JOE 
And maybe you could talk a little bit about what can we do for students who already have this debt and they hear most of the focus being on the interest rate for the future. What can we try to help them as they try to navigate with this debt? 
who financed their education at higher interest rates, when inflation was higher, who years after their graduation still suffer under the yoke of debt. That is the reason why Representative COURTNEY brought forth his bill. 
that is one of the top things that I hear. I hear from people who might have graduated 3 years ago, 5 years ago, even 20 years ago, but their debt load is impacting their ability to live their lives; their ability to buy a home, which they can’t do because of it; their ability to have a family simply because of the way or the manner that they financed it or the time they financed it. 
So I think it is absolutely appropriate for us to find a way to make sure that people are rewarded for their educational achievement and not penalized. 
our intellectual capital. It is the ideas and knowledge of our people. That is our greatest asset. Yet in this day and age the fact that we are penalizing people for bettering themselves and for acquiring knowledge that is needed for our economy to succeed is absolutely ridiculous, and that is exactly what we need to do. 
I invite the gentleman from California to talk about how some of these issues were highlighted in the recent budget debates we had because when a lot of people hear, oh, the Democrats and Republicans are fighting about the budget, it seems very esoteric. They say: What is this budget? What is that budget? Well, these are very important statements because it shows how each party would govern. Specifically, the 
regard to higher education, college and how to afford it are night and day. 
just moments before on the floor of this very House, the budget that, unfortunately, our Republican colleagues passed and then contrast that with the budget that you and I voted for which would have made college more affordable and helped families afford college. 
looking at the Twitter feed, we see @hilmoya saying: As graduation approaches, my student debt looms over me like an oncoming storm. It makes me hesitant to start grad school. 
I appreciate the gentleman from Colorado alluding to the budget that we, just moments ago on this House floor, voted on. We had two competing budgets when it came to many issues that are important to this country. But for my generation, looking at the generation of 18 to 35yearolds, there is no issue that is more important and affects more people than student loan debt. 
$220 billion in funds for college accessibility. It would cut Pell grants. It would cut subsidized student loan programs, and it cuts incomebased repayment. These backward policies not only are hurting students, they are hurting the progress of our economy. They would make college more unaffordable for millions of prospective students. 
from Pell grants. Twothirds of African American students receive Pell grants, and half of Latino students receive Pell grants. Nine out of 10 Pell grant recipients are already taking out student loans. These students need more help from their government. 
I want to make it clear that no student that I have ever talked to, no student who has ever taken on the debt believes that this should just be a handout or a gift from the government. The position of the Future Forum, the position of the House Democratic Caucus is that if you believe in young people, if you take a chance on them, and if they are hardworking and qualified, they will take that investment, they will take that risk, and they will pay back their student loan debt. But we don’t have to gouge them. The government doesn’t have to make money on young people looking for a way up. The government doesn’t have to make money on people who are looking for and seeking to seize upon opportunity. 
Speaking of young people, just joining us now here in the House Chamber is a firstterm Member of Congress, someone who is also making a second Future Forum appearance and someone who cares deeply about what student loan debt means for the constituents in his Pennsylvania district. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. I very much appreciate the leadership that the gentleman from California has shown in forming our caucus, and also especially when it comes to this issue which is near and dear to my heart. I have talked many times during my campaign about the fact that I thought it would change the dynamic to now have a Member of Congress who himself has tens of thousands of dollars of student loan debt because I wanted to do exactly what we are doing tonight, be able to speak on the House floor and say, yes, this is an incredibly serious issue that needs to be dealt with as the national problem that it is. 
Depending on how you judge mortgages, student loans are considered either the largest source of debt or the second largest source of debt in America today, a tenfold increase in the last 20 years—tenfold increase. That is unsustainable. I believe that it is unfair and a tremendous burden to those who are young and, frankly, not so young and raising families of their own. But not only is there the fairness argument, there is also the argument that it just makes no sense for the United States of America in the 21st century to be going in this direction, to be penalizing those who are attempting to better themselves and become better workers, become better trained and ensure that they can participate in the workforce of the 21st century. 
frankly, that has been undercovered and underfocused on over the last several years. I believe that there is a danger of this actually being a student loan debt bubble. And I believe that it is about time that this Congress, the House and the Senate, finally dealt with this as the national crisis that it is. 
would ask the gentleman, I am looking through our Twitter feed here, and we have got a number of people who have kind of chimed in on it. One young person just tweeted at us, Dolores Tejada. She is a child of immigrants from Guatemala, and she is the first in her family to go to college. Her parents, she said, make the minimum wage, and she has been working for 6 years at a nonprofit and pays $350 a month on her student loan debt. She said without this payment, she would buy a car—she currently has to share one with the entire family—and she would move out of her parents’ house. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Well, first, I couldn’t help identify with the tweet from Dolores. Like she, I am a firstgeneration American. My father is an immigrant. And like Dolores, I am the first in my family to go to college. Student loans played an important part in enabling me to go to college. So I don’t in any way use my own personal experience as a woe is me. I consider myself one of the very fortunate ones. But the fact that I had the benefit of 
winning scholarships and piecing together student loans and tens of thousands of them along with every work study job you can imagine, the fact that I am actually one of the lucky ones and it was that difficult, I know so many people in the neighborhood where I grew up in Philadelphia who weren’t as fortunate. I know so many people today in my neighborhood and all throughout the country who have exactly the same story that Dolores had in that she says: Well, with this extra $350 a month, I would be buying a car; I would be saving for a down payment on a home. 
stories not just from those who are in repayment, I hear them from Realtors who have been in the business two, three, or four decades. They will say to me: BRENDAN , I can’t tell you what a 
difference it is today. Back when I was starting out, I would sell so many homes to younger people, 24, 25, 26. Now I don’t have one customer in their twenties. Why? Because the student loan payments are taking that up. 
hurt the graduate who is in repayment; it also has a spillover effect in our overall economy. It hurts the Realtors. It hurts the contractors who would have done work once that young couple or the young person bought a house. It hurts the Home Depot down the street. There is this spillover effect in our economy. And it is getting to the larger point I was talking about that this is not just a problem for young people. This is a problem for families who want to send their kids to college. This is a problem for Realtors. This is a problem for anyone who wants economic development to be spurred in our country. Essentially, this is a national issue. 
are looking at Twitter, and I see Jenna on Twitter from New York City, who says: I chose a State school as the affordable choice over better schools where I was accepted and still have $30,000 in student loan debt. 
where the State universities are starting to see their tuitions go up almost as much as the tuition at private universities? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Well, unfortunately, yes. While I am a born and raised and proud Pennsylvanian, I am sad to say on this score we are the second worst in the country. We have the second most expensive public colleges and universities in the Nation. Sure enough, our Pennsylvania residents have the second highest amount of student loan debt in the country. So this is a problem affecting my State. It affects all 50 States, but, unfortunately, it is worse in my home State than almost every other State in the country. 
we are talking about student loan debt as well as student loan interest rates, two separate issues, but both affecting 
COURTNEY , within the past week introduced his bill. I want to see if the gentleman has a position on this. It is the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act. What it would do is it would allow eligible student loan borrowers to refinance their private and Federal loans. As the gentleman knows, if you have an auto loan or if 
you have a home loan and if you have a business loan, you can often, if qualified, refinance those loans as interest rates change and the markets change. Right now, you can’t do that with student loans. 
the debt load that young people are carrying today if they could take that student loan to the marketplace and find competitive refinancing rates. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Representative COURTNEY ’s bill. E LIZABETH WARREN is the sponsor in the Senate of the companion legislation. 
This would have a transformative effect on helping those who right now are struggling with the student loan payment. So many of the ideas that we have are more geared toward those who will be going to college and aren’t yet college age. This is the one idea that can actually help those who are living today under the burden of higher student loan debt. 
of us are talking about forgiving debt or eliminating debt or giving people a free ride or allowing them to get away from the debts they incur. We are simply saying allow them to have the market mechanism that so many others have; allow them to refinance at the current low rates. This would be a tremendous savings, literally tens of billions of dollars saved. And then that is money that in turn will be repumped into our economy. So I believe it would have an incredibly positive effect, and I am a strong supporter of it. 
glad you mentioned the effect it would have on the economy. I just heard 2 minutes ago from Andreas Giraldo. He said with the $389 that is going to student loan debt, I could be buying a house. If you just imagine, you take 40 million people who have debt right now, and if we found a way for them to refinance it or reduce it and save them hundreds a month, they are not going to just sit on that money or put it under the mattress. They are going to put that money back into the economy. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. I am thinking of you being in California in a much more expensive area than, while Pennsylvania is not cheap, by California standards, it is much more affordable. How much of an effect would it have for the young, bright, welleducated folks in northern California if they could suddenly have an extra, 3, 400 a month to help them afford the cost of living there and save for a down payment? Mr. SWALWELL of California. The 
bay area is a beautiful place to live. It is 80 degrees there this week. It is one of the most educated places in the world. It has an innovation economy that is charting the course for the new American economy and is really defining how the American worker is going to work going forward. But the biggest downfall, the downside, if there is any in the bay area right now, is the cost of living. It costs so much to own a house. It costs so much for health care and starting a business. There are so many costs to be in the bay area today that it is pricing out young people. 
So if you go to a good school, you are 
qualified, you make it to a good school, you take on the student loan debt, and you want to go into the workforce, with the debt that you carry, first, chances are you are not going to be able to live anywhere near where you are going to work because you are not going to be able to afford it. 
Realtors in my office today. Our local rep, Otto Catrina, was telling me how hard it is for him. He told me the story today of somebody who works at one of the largest tech companies in America. This person makes, he said, over $100,000 a year. And because of the student loan debt that she has, she is having a very, very difficult time buying a house. That is somebody who makes over $100,000 a year, and that is in the upper echelon of incomes in our country. 
worker, the hardworking American who is making $40,000, $50,000 a year, wants to maybe go do some good and teach in a classroom? How is that person going to live near where they work? How is that person going to buy a home? How is that person going to start a family and have kids? 
that, because those are the stories I see back where I grew up. That is why people care about that issue. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. You actually just referenced another point of this that I think is such a good point, and that is that this student loan debt is actually preventing young people from going out and starting their own businesses, which is a personal tragedy for them, but also has, again, tremendously negative effects on our overall economy. I am wondering, particularly in an entrepreneurial area like the bay area, you must hear similar stories. 
have become in the Bay Area a place where approximately 75 percent of the venture funding is going right now. There are a lot of smart, young, energetic determined people with good ideas, but they don’t have a lot of funding. And for them the decision becomes, well, I have got this job right now that pays my student loan debt and pays my other bills, but I have this great idea, which is my passion, which 
is my dream. But if I leave my job and I risk it all, I still have this debt; it is going to follow me, and it is going to be really hard if this doesn’t take off. I see that decision point so often across the Bay Area. 
I just think, as you said, we are not 
asking to just completely say to every bank, You no longer can collect on this debt. I think what we are asking is, Let’s start the conversation. How do we reduce it? How do we refinance it? How do we give people more money in their pocket every month so that they can help themselves lift up their families and help our economy? 
I see in the Chamber here with us our 
gentleman from Connecticut. I am putting him on the spot a little bit here. But I know he cares just as much as the gentleman from Pennsylvania and I do about what young people in his district are doing and how student loan debt affects him. So I am just wondering if our former chair could weigh in on what we can do in the Congress to help young people with student loan debt. 
first of all, I want to thank the gentleman from California and the gentleman from Pennsylvania for their hard work in this subject matter area. 
debt combined is exceeded by the amount of debt that those who attend and receive a college education are currently bearing and the awful burden that that has created on the working members of the middle class and how difficult a burden it is, so I commend the gentlemen for their efforts here on the floor. 
that we debated today in making sure that there are not cuts to Pell grants, but there are investments made in Pell grants. 
Frankly, as people talk about repatriation, that is, as both the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and California know, where money has been sent overseas, and there is a lot of talk about bringing money back and what will we do with that, what about a trust fund that will allow an opportunity for young people all across America to refinance and restructure their ability to pay off their college debt? It is not a novel idea. 
Wall Street after 2008? Isn’t that what we did to make sure that banks and financial institutions didn’t fail? Shouldn’t we do this for the human infrastructure, for all those hardworking families who have refinanced their home, who have gone into their personal savings, who are saddled with enormous amounts of debt? 
and how valuable that would be for people to once again be able to have completed a college education, place themselves in a position to be more productive members of society, but 
burdened with the debt that prevents them from carrying on a life, to get married, to purchase a first home, to buy a new automobile, all the things that help our economy grow, all the reasons that they went to college in the first place. 
their continuous work in this area, your support of the Democratic budget. What a great job that CHRIS VANHOLLEN did today articulating the values 
that this side of the aisle has been putting forward not only in terms of the morality of the issue, but also the economic impact that it has on so many working families. 
I hope that our distinguished colleagues from California and Pennsylvania will join us in the second hour in a discussion on all generations on Social Security. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. I was just going to say how happy I am to welcome Mr. LARSON as 
the newest member to the Future Caucus. There aren’t many of us that have such wonderful white hair in the future caucus. 
exact linkage to the subject that we are going to talk about next with respect to Social Security. And that is, it is all part of the same system. The idea that you give opportunity to people, you demand responsibility, they pay into a system, they benefit at some point, and then the next generation benefits. 
able to benefit because of the workers of today. Thirty, 40 years from now, those students who are worrying about student loans will probably still be in the workforce and making, hopefully, more money that will pay into Social Security that will help the workers of 
today, who will be the retirees of tomorrow. So this is all actually linked and part of making America work. 
So I am proud to be with the two gentlemen. 
you. I don’t think we could end on a more inspirational note than the eloquent words from our former chairman from Connecticut, Mr. LARSON . 
to be a sponsor of the Social Security Fairness Act. I am glad that is getting some attention this evening. 
and what we aspire for young people to have is not a handout when it comes to student loan debt, not a complete free pass where you just take on government investments and you don’t give anything back. 
What we are saying is that if you are 
qualified and you worked hard and you have the student loan debt, it should be easier than it is today. We should be able to pass JOECOURTNEY ’s bill and 
allow you to refinance. We should find every way possible to reduce this debt for each person as low as we can. 
government should not make money on your student interest loan. They 
shouldn’t make money. If you are qualified and able to go to college, especially if you are like the gentleman from Pennsylvania or myself and you are the first person in your family to go to college, we should reduce every barrier to college because it is a part of achieving that American Dream of starting a family, owning a home, buying a new automobile, and saving for a secure golden retirement. 
So I thank the gentleman from Connecticut for his help this evening and coming down as a special cameo guest appearance. And I also thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for, again, being a part of our Future Forum. 
and we will continue this conversation until we address what is the greatest moral crisis of our generation—student loan debt. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
Speaker, I am honored to be here this evening to talk about and to follow two distinguished colleagues from California and Pennsylvania who spoke with great eloquence about the future, who were addressing the issue of student loans and student loan debt that we are experiencing all across the country. 
Social Security. Currently, before the Ways and Means Committee, we are addressing the issue of Social Security that, as everybody knows, not only covers old age and survivorship, but also disability. 
That fund is due to expire in 2016 if 
Congress does not take action, due to be cut severely and have an impact on so many Americans. And yet all across this country, frankly, on a bipartisan basis on the committee and from without the committee, people are talking about coming up with solutions for Social Security. 
Social Security 2100 Act. Why 2100? Well, because we want to make sure that the program of Social Security, which by law is required to make sure that it is solvent for 75 years, in fact, is, and that is what our proposal does. 
terms of a pragmatic, practical, commonsense path forward to make sure that Social Security is not only there for seniors who are currently receiving it, but for future generations, as well. 
indispensable plan that the government has been committed to. 
We have a slide that I would like to 
put up that demonstrates exactly how indispensable Social Security is. 
Social Security for the majority of their income. Think about that for a 
moment. Of all the people that you know, of all the retirees that you are associated with, twothirds of them rely on Social Security for a majority of their income. 
The median retirement account balance for all Americans—all Americans—is $2,500. Ask yourself, America: Is there anyone that could sustain themselves or a family or a spouse with $2,500 in their retirement accounts and savings? 
workers are participating in defined benefit pensions. Well, what does that mean? That means that 86 percent of Americans are not. So what we are faced with in the United States Congress really isn’t a Social Security problem, because we all know that Social Security works. Social Security has never missed a payment, and Social Security is there to both help people who are disabled, to help the spouse and the children who are survivors after an untimely death, and it is there in retirement and serves as a pension, as I said before, almost exclusively, for twothirds of all of America. 
at all to cut Social Security. It makes no sense at all to raise the age of Social Security. 
and the devastation that so many Americans went through, people who had worked hard and played by the rules and had invested their money in 401Ks, well, the reality is that they saw their 401K become a 101K. So it is long overdue for Congress to come together in a nonpartisan way to fully address this issue. 
At the start of this session, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle developed a rule. I commend them for this rule. The rule says that you can’t just address, simply, disability with respect to the Social Security trust fund. 
and old age and survivors’ benefits collectively. That is the way the program has always been addressed, and I commend them for underscoring what is a retirement crisis and why we need to take these bold steps. 
saw the statistic before where only 14 percent of the private sector workers are participating in defined benefit contributions. That simply cannot sustain us. What this particular chart shows is that more seniors than ever are also paying taxes on their Social Security benefits. So we have this retirement crisis in which twothirds of Americans are retiring with just about Social Security as their only means of moving forward, their only means of sustaining themselves. 
the way the Social Security Act was changed in 1983 has now found us in a situation in which taxable income over $25,000 for a single person is subject to 
couple. This is only escalating as more and more baby boomers retire into the system. 
that long ago—26 percent of all seniors came under this law and were taxed under the current law. Just last year, in 2014, that figure rose to 49 percent, and it is only growing. 
think, America understands is this: Social Security is not an entitlement. Certainly, you are entitled to Social Security payments; but why? You are entitled to them because they are the insurance that you paid for. 
people, through their hard work and sweat of their brow, have put into the system. The system is called FICA, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act. Those contributions have been made by all Americans, and as I said earlier, they remain the bulk work for the Nation’s retirement program and are the safety net that prevents seniors from retiring into poverty, that allows them to exist. 
This is the time to focus on strengthening the Social Security Program. This is the time we should be talking about expanding the Social Security Program. It is because of the retirement crisis that we find ourselves here, not for lack of contribution, not for lack of effort, but because of the real economic conditions most families have found themselves in. That is why we introduced the Social Security 2100 Act. 
it doesn’t raise the national debt at all. It is completely paid for. How do we know this? Because we have an actuarial report. 
has determined that it exceeds the 75 year limits in terms of its solvency so that Social Security will not only be here now, tomorrow, and well into the future, but Justin Bieber will be 106 years old, and Social Security will still be there for him and for those of his generation as well. 
It is that important and vital a program for our Nation so that it needs our very specific and direct focus and attention. 
With so many relying on Social Security, we also need to expand its benefits. We are proposing a modest 2 percent increase across the board, but we are also proposing what senior citizens know already, which is that the system that we have of calculating the COLA is inadequate and does not work. 
what seniors actually pay, what they actually have to go through in terms of the costs of heating their homes, of buying prescription drugs, and of paying for the escalating costs of food and heat and energy. 
widely by groups that embrace it—that we call the CPIE, the consumer price index based on the actual costs of the elderly, with the E standing for elderly in this circumstance. It makes sure that there are sufficient amounts of money that are there to provide for our senior citizens. 
The next thing that we do is to make 
sure that nobody can retire into poverty. We raise the minimum benefit to 125 percent of poverty, which would amount to—in so many cases, at the lower end of the economic scale—a 50 percent increase in benefits for the poorest amongst us. 
When I say ‘‘poor,’’ I mean the working poor, people who are pulled into the system. Again, this is not an entitlement. This is earned compensation. This is the insurance that so many have already paid for and why this has become so important and so vital a test. 
We also provide a tax cut for 11 million working seniors. Let me repeat that. We provide a tax cut for 11 million seniors. 
How do we do that? As we said earlier, people, out of necessity, have found themselves in this system. They have found themselves in a position in which, in retirement, they are finding themselves working. They work hard for their money, but as I said earlier, if they are single and if their combined incomes are more than $25,000, they are taxed. If they are a couple and their combined incomes are $32,000, they are taxed. 
and are being exceeded, and that is why we are recommending the tax cut by raising those limits and by providing those to working seniors, and there is a value that they bring to all of our communities with the break that they need so that they can sustain themselves and can also continue to pay their way in retirement with the benefits that they have earned, with the benefits that they have paid for but that haven’t kept pace with the economic times. 
It provides an acrosstheboard benefit increase of 2 percent for every senior, and it improves the costofliving adjustments by going to CPIE. As I said before, a new minimum benefit to ensure that no one who has paid into the system retires into poverty is flat out fair. 
this? Certainly, at the outset of this, we made the boast that this is solvent into the next century, beyond the 75 years that is required, signed off by the Social Security chief actuary, who has determined the solvency of the program. 
How do we do this? First and foremost, we say that we ought to increase the contribution to the fund by 1 percent. Now, 1 percent may not seem like a lot; but, when you have the whole 
country contributing, in fact, it is. Even at that 1 percent level, though, we believe that, especially in dealing with the times in which we are today, we ought to phase that in over a 25 year period. 
means is that, for a worker who is making $50,000 a year, for 50 cents a week, as part of his or her contribution, they get the most valuable governmental program in the history of this Nation, the program that keeps people out of poverty, the program that for more than twothirds of them is the only retirement vehicle that they will have, the program that is also there in disability and for survivors’ benefits. 
body who can tell their stories about how they would not have made it without Social Security. Both the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, PAUL RYAN, and probably one of the 
foremost authorities on the issue, RICHARD NEALof Massachusetts, benefited from Social Security. It made it possible for their mothers to help them and their families into college and beyond, and look how successful both of them have been. 
America coming together, and that is why it is around modest, pragmatic, straightforward proposals that don’t shy away from the cost but address it head on, that address it head on in a simple, pragmatic, commonsense manner. 
These aren’t taxes. These are contributions that people are making and that they are receiving a direct benefit from. It is unique amongst all of the programs that we have. 
phased in over 25 years, which amounts to .05 percent, or 50 cents a week for someone earning $50,000 or more—less if you are earning less and a little bit more if you are earning more—we are also asking the top .4 percent to pay the same rate as everyone else. 
taxed currently only up to $118,000. After that, people stop paying into the system. What we are saying is: listen, the country is going through some difficult times. 
hard and play by the rules—the working class, the middle class, who are suffering under this—we ought to give them a little bit of a break. 
Social Security again—excuse me— asking those who are paying into the system to pay the same rate as everybody else at that level. Only .4 percent, we ask to pay to make this fund solvent, in conjunction with raising the percentage by 1 percent, for the next 75 years and beyond. 
this is such a vital and important benefit for this great Nation of ours. 
At the end of the day, what has made 
our country great, going back to those first settlers who all gathered together to help one another raise their homes and their barns and plow and sow and reap the benefits of their fields, Americans have rallied to come together, rallied with one another from the time the Thirteen Colonies formed the Union to today of our 50 States. Our States are unique, our States all have special qualities, but the one quality that we all share is that we are Americans. 
Social Security is America’s program. It is what Roosevelt recognized, as did the Congresses back then, the importance of dealing in our system of entrepreneurialism and capitalism and risk taking, that that gives us an unbelievable strength in a global and world economy, but it has to be balanced off with the value and the notion that if you work hard and play by the rules that your Nation is there for you as well, and that you can’t retire into poverty after working all your life, that some calamity or misfortune, a disability, a tragic death can’t ruin you or your family because it is part of a larger family, the United States of America. 
bill, and we know all across this country, the more that we talk about this straightforward, commonsense, practical solution to Social Security, Americans are going to require that Congress steps up to the plate and meets its responsibility and obligation to make sure that no senior, no individual can retire into poverty, and the system that has worked so extraordinarily well for every American is there not only today and tomorrow, but well into the future without raising the national debt and only calling upon Americans to do what they have done traditionally: contribute to a program that guarantees a secure retirement and pension and benefits that they will reap throughout a lifetime. 
to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 26, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Resolution 173. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015 (Rept. 114–50). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
system of the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, Science, Space, and Technology, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. COFFMAN, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. R OS 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 1598. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to amend the definition of the term ‘‘spouse’’ to recognize new State definitions of such term for the purpose of the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Georgia, Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N UNES , 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Alaska, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
ESHOO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. C LARK of 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
NOLAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
York, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
H.R. 1600. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to limit co payment, coinsurance, or other costsharing requirements applicable to prescription drugs in a specialty drug tier to the dollar amount (or its equivalent) of such requirements applicable to prescription drugs in a nonpreferred brand drug tier, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1601. A bill to clarify membership requirements for the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nursetopatient staffing ratio requirements in hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. 
H.R. 1603. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the private treatment of veterans who are victims of military sexual assault; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1604. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand the eligibility of veterans to receive mental health care at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1605. A bill to abolish the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1606. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a national intersection and interchange safety construction 
program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
POLIQUIN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
H.R. 1607. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1608. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1609. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to regulate tax return preparers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
AMODEI , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B LACK , 
BOST, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RADY of 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D UNCAN  
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KUSTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
MCHENRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R OKITA , 
STUTZMAN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
WALORSKI , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. YOHO, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. 
H.R. 1610. A bill to establish biennial budgets for the United States Government; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1611. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HARDY , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to extend Interstate Route 11; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1614. A bill to modify and extend the 
National Guard State Partnership Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
H.R. 1615. A bill to direct the Chief FOIA 
Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
of natural gas pipelines and establish deadlines and expedite permits for certain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1617. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit certain State election administration officials from actively participating in electoral campaigns; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 1618. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible voters to vote by mail in Federal elections; to the Committee on House Administration. 
PELOSI , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B EYER , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of 
BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
Mexico, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICE 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M URPHY of 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. 
NEAL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
H.R. 1619. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and 
H.R. 1620. A bill to expedite the deployment of highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1621. A bill to modify the boundary of 
Petersburg National Battlefield in the Commonwealth of Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HULTGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 1622. A bill to provide a Federal charter to the Fab Foundation for the National Fab Lab Network, a national network of local digital fabrication facilities providing community access to advanced manufacturing tools for learning skills, developing inventions, creating businesses, and producing personalized products; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. W AGNER , 
Water Pollution Control Act to increase the length of time for a certain permit; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1624. A bill to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit certain securities trading and related communications by those who possess material, nonpublic information; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C ARTER  
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
on recognition by United States courts of certain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or commercial names; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1628. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in each Veterans Integrated Service Network a pain management board; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1629. A bill to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
H.R. 1630. A bill to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to provide guidance on utility energy service contracts used by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
and enhance rehabilitation research at the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. C OOK): 
H.R. 1632. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to place certain lands in Skagit and San Juan Counties, Washington, into trust for the Samish Indian Nation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1633. A bill to provide for certain improvements relating to the tracking and reporting of employees of the Department of Homeland Security placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid nonduty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1634. A bill to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. AUSTINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. B ARR, Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OOPER , 
WOODALL , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. V AN 
Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiolrich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1636. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to conduct or support a comprehensive study comparing total health outcomes, including risk of autism, in vaccinated populations in the United States with such outcomes in unvaccinated populations in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
on the activities and accomplishments of federally funded research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1638. A bill to assure that the services 
of a nonemergency department physician are available to hospital patients 24 hours a day, seven days a week in all nonFederal hospitals with at least 100 licensed beds; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
school programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1640. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H. Con. Res. 29. Concurrent resolution recognizing the disparate impact of climate change on women and the efforts of women globally to address climate change; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on Printing; to the Committee on House Administration. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Ms. NORTON, and Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
for designation of March as ‘‘National Multiple Myeloma Awareness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1597. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to provide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1598. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution, and Section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
H.R. 1599. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 1601. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have the power to ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution states the Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1602. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1603. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which gives Congress the power ‘‘To raise and support Armies,’’ and ‘‘To provide and maintain a Navy. 
H.R. 1604. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authorized under the congressional power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations’’ in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that exceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional authority. 
H.R. 1606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7— The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and Post Roads 
H.R. 1607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section I, Article 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States 
H.R. 1608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
H.R. 1609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 1610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United 
H.R. 1611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 1612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
1) ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . 
provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
3) ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
18) ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1613. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1614. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1615. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1616. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States, as enumerated in Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1617. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations . . .’’ By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1618. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations . . .’’ 
H.R. 1619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1620. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1622. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1623. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
t o ....  provide for the common defense and 
Congress enacted the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to help set water quality standards and permitting requirements. Making adjustments to this process, which provides for the general welfare, falls within Congress’ authority to legislative on items affecting the general welfare. 
H.R. 1624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 1626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article 1, Section 8, clause 8, ‘‘to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to 
H.R. 1628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 1629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 1633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1638. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
H.R. 12: Mr. W ALZ, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. 
H.R. 217: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 448: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. 
H.R. 499: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 500: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 501: Mr. N EAL, Ms. E STY, and Mrs. 
H.R. 546: Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 595: Mr. P ALMER and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 610: Mr. S ALMON and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 685: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 727: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 767: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 829: Mr. W ALZand Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 868: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 906: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. B LUM. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. B ROOKS  
H.R. 969: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G UINTA , 
H.R. 1105: Mr. H ARDY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. P OMPEO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1161: Ms. L EE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. F ARR, Mr. V EASEY , and 
H.R. 1180: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. H ANNA , Ms. 
CAPUANO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. K USTER , and 
H.R. 1206: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. B ROOKS  
H.R. 1212: Mr. D ENTand Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKAI, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
H.R. 1265: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M ESSER , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1282: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. P IERLUISI and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1340: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. D ENT, 
H.R. 1365: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1389: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
H.R. 1391: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. K USTER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H ARDY , and Ms. 
H.R. 1415: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1465: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1500: Mr. W ALZand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1515: Mr. S ARBANES and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1527: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. L EWIS, Miss R ICEof New York, 
H.R. 1560: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BURGESS , and Mr. P OMPEO . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. F LORES . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
H. Res. 28: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H. Res. 139: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP  
The provisions in Section 524 that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 2, ‘‘To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving 
physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1833 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 2015 No. 50 