the momentum for an increase in the Federal gas tax continues to build. This weekend’s excellent New York Times editorial made the case why the increase is needed and long overdue. Costs of repair increase dramatically the longer they are delayed. In the meantime, Americans paid billions of dollars for congestion, wasted gas, and repairing damage to their cars, and thousands of lives are lost due to unsafe roads. This followed an editorial in The Washington Post making the same argument, joining USA Today, L.A. Times, and a variety of newspapers across the country. 
Recently, we have seen eight Senators from both parties who have been 
identified as stepping up, either supporting a gas tax or at least being open to it. We have seen leadership at the State level as eight States in the last 2 years have increased gas taxes, including some very red States like Wyoming and New Hampshire. Here in the House, there are already 136 Members who have signed a bipartisan letter urging the leadership to act on providing appropriate funding that is sustainable and dedicated. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, we do have a solution. This issue has been studied extensively, including two Presidential commissions during the Bush administration. The conclusion was that there is no better, more effective solution than simply raising the gas tax, which hasn’t been increased in 22 years. 
People know America is falling behind as it is falling apart. The concern about the financial impact of a gas tax increase on families is waning. As gas prices plummet, my corner gas station is selling gasoline at $1.60 per gallon less than its peak last year. 
proposal I had in the last Congress. That legislation was widely supported by a range of interests that included labor, business, the professions, local government, transit, environmentalists, truckers, AAA, and cyclists. They all agreed that there is a critical need to fund investments in rebuilding and renewing America. 
are basically the same that were used by President Ronald Reagan in his Thanksgiving Day address in 1982. He used his nationwide radio speech 33 years ago to call for an increase that more than doubled the Federal gas tax. He pointed out that that tax is actually for the people who benefit from using it, that the user fee would cost less than the damage to repair their cars from damage due to poor conditions from roads and bridges. As President Reagan said, it would probably be less than a pair of shock absorbers. 
as now, had not been raised in more than two decades, and that repairing infrastructure that was failing would put hundreds of thousands of people to work while it protected the investment in our infrastructure as well as in our automobiles 
to step up. The States are doing their part. People are exploring innovative financing approaches involving the private sector. People are looking at creative ways to design and build projects, but there is no substitute for the 25 percent of infrastructure funding that comes from the Federal partnership. It is absolutely essential for projects that are multiyear, projects that are multimodal and that involve a number of jurisdictions, often a number of States. 
the shortterm highway trust fund fix from last summer. We are back in the exact same situation we were then. Failing to address the funding issue 
headon has meant that we haven’t had a 6year reauthorization approved by Congress since 1997. Since then, we have had two evershorter reauthorizations and 21 temporary extensions. Over $60 billion of general fund money has been needed to just prop up our inadequate system. 
great planning and building its infrastructure 6 months at a time. It is time to capitalize on falling oil prices, on the momentum that is building around the country, and the realization that we need to act now. 
me and, indeed, President Reagan in this long overdue action. America will be better off, the economy will be stronger, communities will be more livable and our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
week I spoke about Puerto Rico’s mission to discard its status as a U.S. territory and to become a U.S. State. Today, I rise to inform my colleagues about the most recent phase of this mission. 
Rico has been a territory since 1898. Its status is incompatible with the principles this Nation strives to uphold at home and promotes abroad. There are 3.6 million American citizens in Puerto Rico. My constituents cherish their U.S. citizenship and have made countless contributions to this country in law, science, business, government, the arts, the armed services, and every other field of human endeavor. Yet they cannot vote for President, have no U.S. Senators, and send one Delegate to the House who has a voice but no vote in this Chamber. 
lacking democratic rights, are deprived of equality under law. Congress has a license to discriminate against the territories, and Puerto Rico is treated worse than the States under a range of Federal programs. To compensate for the shortfall in Federal funding, the Puerto Rican government has borrowed heavily in order to provide adequate public services. This disparate treatment is the principal reason why Puerto Rico has endured severe economic problems for decades. 
Inequality, both political and economic, is driving thousands of my constituents to depart for the States every month. It is human nature to go where you believe you can secure a better future for yourself and your family. However, residents of Puerto Rico have finally said enough is enough. They demand a status that is democratic and dignified, a proud status for a proud people. 
local government in 2012, voters in Puerto Rico rejected territory status and expressed a clear preference for statehood. In response, Congress provided an appropriation of $2.5 million to fund the first federally sponsored vote in Puerto Rico’s history, with the clear goal of resolving the territory’s status. This is the most significant step the Federal Government has ever taken to settle the status debate in Puerto Rico. 
used to hold a federally sponsored ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ vote on whether Puerto Rico should be admitted as a State. Some have complained that Puerto Rico has already voted for statehood and should not have to vote again. This argument is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of history and how Washington works. After expressing a strong desire for statehood in local referenda, the territories of Alaska and Hawaii each held federally sponsored ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ votes on admission that led to statehood. If Puerto Rico wants to become a State, it must do the same. 
support, since a bill I filed last Congress that endorsed this approach obtained 131 cosponsors and led to the filing of an identical Senate bill. My proposal also has significant local support. Yesterday, in a remarkable display of unity and resolve, all 22 members of the statehood delegation in the Puerto Rico house and all eight members of the statehood delegation in the Puerto Rico Senate introduced identical bills that proposed to use the appropriation from Congress to conduct a federally sponsored vote on Puerto Rico’s admission as a State. Now all that remains is for Puerto Rico’s Governor, speaker of the house, and senate president—each a defender of the failed status quo—to show some courage and schedule this vote. Real leaders do not fear the democratic process or its results. 
our forward march, expanding in size and strength. Indeed, today statehood supporters are rallying outside the White House and are holding meetings here in Congress. In the coming weeks and months, our advocacy efforts will only intensify. As individuals, our ability to effect change is inherently limited, but as a united movement, we are as strong as steel. We are fighting for equality, and we will not stop until we achieve it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, this Congress is still very young. This Congress 
week when we were gaveled in and we were sworn in. It has taken very little time for my Republican colleagues to begin to message to the American people just where they stand. 
from the very beginning—one thing we saw was an effort in the rules package which prohibited Social Security from sending money over to the Social Security disability fund. This has been done many times before; it is routine. It will certainly create pressure and undermine and create real damage and a scary situation for people who are on Social Security disability payments and who survive on it based on their documented, recorded illness. 
next day they began to erode the financial protections that protect Americans from the massive collapse that took place on Wall Street in 2008. Already they want to dismantle and chip away at the Volcker rule, a very commonsense rule which says that big banks that hold collateralized loan obligations have to move these big assets, these big financial instruments, outside of their banking business, wherein they have protected assets by the FDIC. 
next day we moved on to dismantling the Affordable Care Act, making it so you don’t get health care coverage, can’t mandate health care coverage until someone works 40 hours, as opposed to 30, which meant that there will be people who will lose out on health care coverage from their employer. 
the Keystone pipeline. They tried to push that under a bill that wasn’t really a pure Keystone bill. It didn’t have things like spill protection. 
to see a bill on the floor very soon which will essentially prioritize Republican gamesmanship over immigration. It will prioritize that over our homeland security. The Homeland Security bill, this bill we passed last year, late last year—you may recall something called the CR/Omnibus bill. It was a CR omnibus bill. We passed a whole series of funding bills for a year’s time, except for one particular bill. And the bill that is due to expire is the Homeland Security bill. 
just a few days ago, the horrific murder, carnage, and barbaric behavior by terrorists that happened just a few days ago, we now are facing a big fight on what of all things—homeland security? And why are we having this big fight? It’s because the Republicans want to show President Obama that they are not going to allow him to use executive authority that is well within his power to do. 
Presidents have always used executive authority. The Emancipation Proclamation issued by President Lincoln was executive authority. The bills that Ronald Reagan passed used executive authority many more times than President Obama has. So has George W. Bush. It is routine. Presidents issue executive orders. 
President Obama has done some because the Republican majority has refused to move on comprehensive immigration reform. He has used his authority to prioritize the deportation of criminals, people who have committed crimes, over kids who are valedictorians, and he has done this well within his right as the chief executive officer of this country. 
like the executive orders, because they have very divisive views, in my opinion, on immigration, they have decided to have a very short Homeland Security funding bill, which is putting us in a position where we are either going to capitulate and back off on things that the President wants to do or we are going to pass a Homeland Security bill with a lot of things in it that would be damaging to the action that the President has already taken. 
in the Homeland Security bill are of huge concern to me. I will just share just a few of them. One of them is the Blackburn amendment. The Blackburn amendment would prohibit the use of funds to continue for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. 
is not what the American people want. We urge the American people to pay close attention, and I intend to vote against these Republican measures. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
new year has come with many blessings, but it has also come with a major wakeup call. I rise again to express my deepest sympathy to the people of France, the loss of lives, including our Jewish brothers and sisters targeted simply because of their faith and other innocents. 
friends in the Muslim community who have all come together, to thank them for standing against violent and reckless terrorism. Their voices were loud and present and noted. 
work of the United States in standing alongside France, our early and longstanding partner in democracy and liberty. Yesterday, some of us had the privilege, hosted by the Foreign Affairs Committee, to greet the French Ambassador and to offer to the people of France our personal regrets and sympathy. 
coming to our attention around the world, let me bring up again the girls in Nigeria, who were taken almost a year ago, 300 innocent school girls. The only thing that they wanted to do was to take their exams. In the spring of 2014, I led a delegation of Members of Congress to the northern state of Borno. I met the pleading and crying and broken families. I met some of the girls who gave a harrowing story of how they escaped, sliding through the wooded forests, escaping for their lives with just the clothes on their back. Only through a light from a house along the road were they able to get some refuge, and then three of them escaped on a motorcycle with a hero whose name probably will never be noted. 
But these girls have no more identity. We are saying bring the girls back, but maybe they are married and impregnated and indoctrinated in this instance with doctrines that were not their life. They were Christian. 
The focus on Africa must be enhanced. I thank my good friend Congresswoman KAREN BASS, who has been 
working tirelessly as the ranking member of the Africa Subcommittee and had a brilliant meeting this morning. 
I come now to announce that we cannot stand by as Boko Haram pillages violently, recklessly, with inhumanity, kills with reckless abandonment, with no one stopping them, 2,000 people along Lake Chad, bodies that people are tripping over and finding under bushes and trees. This is a cry for mercy; this is an outrage. The world cannot stand by idly and not look to this. 
just as we have announced a concerted global effort against ISIL and al Qaeda, we must do this against Boko Haram. They are not simply a group of thugs. They have connected to this vile institution of terrorism, and they are going up against illprepared military forces. 
asking for the Government of Nigeria to stand and ask for help. There is no shame in asking for help. I am asking the United Nations to do more than it is doing. I am asking the African Union to collaborate with the forces that they have at their side with the collaboration of African countries to go to the rescue of the innocent persons in northern Nigeria. 
old girl who needs to be playing with dolls and going to school and looking into the sunshine for an aspirational light of things that she can do in 2014, probably a brilliant little girl, unbeknownst to her, strapped with a horrible bomb and now in death, with her little body splintered by a bomb—a suicide bomber—how can she even understand what they had told her she was doing? 
that I am calling upon the world to join in a global effort to fight the terrorist dastardly behavior of an uncaring Boko Haram, and I close by saying that we must reach out to young Muslim boys in northern Nigeria for an alternative to that life. 
have died at the hands of terrorists, and we ask for a unified global response. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at noon. 
House. Help them to walk in the light, to share their strengths, and to build upon their common desire for the good of our Nation that they might better attend to the important issues of our day. 
May they think clearly, speak confidently, and act courageously to make our Nation better today than it was yesterday. If it be Your will, we ask that men and women of good will from both sides of the political aisle might cooperate in the forming of law and policy. 
blessings our Nation enjoys and appropriately generous with what we have to help those among us who are in need. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) come forward and lead the 
Mr. BOUSTANY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE : Mr. Goodlatte; Mr. Lucas; Mr. King of Iowa; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mr. Gibbs; Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia; Mr. Crawford; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Gibson; Mrs. Hartzler; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Denham; Mr. LaMalfa; Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois; Mr. Yoho; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Allen; Mr. Mike Bost of Illinois; Mr. Rouzer; Mr. Abraham; Mr. Emmer of Minnesota; Mr. Moolenaar; and Mr. Newhouse. 
Frelinghuysen; Mr. Aderholt; Ms. Granger; Mr. Simpson; Mr. Culberson; Mr. Crenshaw; Mr. Carter of Texas; Mr. Calvert; Mr. Cole; Mr. DiazBalart; Mr. Dent; Mr. Graves of Georgia; Mr. Yoder; Mr. Womack; Mr. Fortenberry; Mr. Rooney of Florida; Mr. Fleischmann; Ms. Herrera Beutler; Mr. Joyce; Mr. Valadao; Mr. Harris; Mrs. Roby; Mr. Amodei; Mr. Stewart; Mr. Rigell; Mr. Jolly; Mr. Young of Iowa; and Mr. Jenkins of West Virginia. 
Mr. Forbes; Mr. Miller of Florida; Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Mr. LoBiondo; Mr. Bishop of Utah; Mr. Turner; Mr. Kline; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mr. Franks of Arizona; Mr. Shuster; Mr. Conaway; Mr. Lamborn; Mr. Wittman; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Fleming; Mr. Coffman; Mr. Gibson; Mrs. Hartzler; Mr. Heck of Nevada; Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Brooks of Alabama; Mr. Nugent; Mr. Cook; Mr. Bridenstine; Mr. Wenstrup; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Graves of Missouri; Mr. Zinke; Ms. Stefanik; Ms. McSally; Mr. Knight; and Mr. MacArthur. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE : Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Ms. 
Foxx; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Roe of Tennessee; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mr. Walberg; Mr. Salmon; Mr. Guthrie; Mr. Rokita; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Heck of Nevada; Mr. Messer; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Brat; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Bishop of Michigan; Mr. Grothman; Mr. Russell; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Ms. Stefanik; and Mr. Allen. 
Barton; Mr. Whitfield; Mr. Shimkus; Mr. Pitts; Mr. Walden; Mr. Murphy of Pennsylvania; Mr. Burgess; Mrs. Blackburn; Mr. Scalise; Mr. Latta; Mrs. McMorris Rodgers; Mr. Harper; Mr. Lance; Mr. Guthrie; Mr. Olson; Mr. McKinley; Mr. Pompeo; Mr. Kinzinger of Illinois; Mr. Griffith; Mr. Bilirakis; Mr. Johnson of Ohio; Mr. Long; Mrs. Ellmers of North Carolina; Mr. Bucshon; Mr. Flores; 
Mrs. Brooks of Indiana; Mr. Mullin; Mr. Hudson; Mr. Collins of New York; and Mr. Cramer. 
King of New York; Mr. Royce; Mr. Lucas; Mr. Garrett; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. McHenry; Mr. Pearce; Mr. Posey; Mr. Fitzpatrick; Mr. Westmoreland; Mr. Luetkemeyer; Mr. Huizenga of Michigan; Mr. Duffy; Mr. Hurt of Virginia; Mr. Stivers; Mr. Fincher; Mr. Stutzman; Mr. Mulvaney; Mr. Hultgren; Mr. Ross; Mr. Pittenger; Mrs. Wagner; Mr. Barr; Mr. Rothfus; Mr. Messer; Mr. Schweikert; Mr. Dold; Mr. Guinta; Mr. Tipton; Mr. Williams; Mr. Poliquin; Mrs. Love; and Mr. Hill. 
of New Jersey; Ms. RosLehtinen; Mr. Rohrabacher; Mr. Chabot; Mr. Wilson of South Carolina; Mr. McCaul; Mr. Poe of Texas; Mr. Salmon; Mr. Issa; Mr. Marino; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Brooks of Alabama; Mr. Cook; Mr. Weber of Texas; Mr. Perry; Mr. DeSantis; Mr. Meadows; Mr. Yoho; Mr. Clawson of Florida; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Ribble; Mr. Trott; Mr. Zeldin; and Mr. Emmer of Minnesota. 
Smith of Texas; Mr. King of New York; Mr. Rogers of Alabama; Mrs. Miller of Michigan; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Marino; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Perry; Mr. Clawson of Florida; Mr. Katko; Mr. Hurd of Texas; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Walker; Mr. Loudermilk; Ms. McSally; and Mr. Ratcliffe. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Sensenbrenner; Mr. Smith of Texas; Mr. Chabot; Mr. Issa; Mr. Forbes; Mr. King of Iowa; Mr. Franks of Arizona; Mr. Gohmert; Mr. Jordan; Mr. Poe of Texas; Mr. Chaffetz; Mr. Marino; Mr. Gowdy; Mr. Labrador; Mr. Farenthold; Mr. Collins of Georgia; Mr. DeSantis; Mrs. Mimi Walters of California; Mr. Buck; Mr. Ratcliffe; Mr. Trott; and Mr. Bishop of Michigan. 
Young of Alaska; Mr. Gohmert; Mr. Lamborn; Mr. Wittman; Mr. Fleming; Mr. McClintock; Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania; Mrs. Lummis; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Duncan of South Carolina; Mr. Gosar; Mr. Labrador; Mr. LaMalfa; Mr. Byrne; Mr. Denham; Mr. Cook; Mr. Westerman; Mr. Graves of Louisiana; Mr. Newhouse; Mr. Zinke; Mr. Jody Hice of Georgia; Mrs. Radewagen; Mr. MacArthur; Mr. Mooney of West Virginia; and Mr. Hardy. 
of Tennessee; Mr. Jordan; Mr. Walberg; Mr. Amash; Mr. Gosar; Mr. DesJarlais; Mr. Gowdy; Mr. Farenthold; Mrs. Lummis; Mr. Massie; Mr. Meadows; Mr. DeSantis; Mr. Mulvaney; Mr. Buck; Mr. Walker; Mr. Blum; Mr. Jody Hice of Georgia; Mr. Russell; Mr. Carter of Georgia; Mr. Grothman; Mr. Hurd of Texas; and Mr. Palmer. 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Sensenbrenner; Mr. Rohrabacher; Mr. Lucas; Mr. Neugebauer; Mr. McCaul; Mr. Palazzo; Mr. Brooks of Alabama; Mr. Hultgren; Mr. Posey; Mr. Massie; Mr. Bridenstine; Mr. Weber of Texas; Mr. Johnson of Ohio; Mr. Moolenaar; Mr. Knight; Mr. Babin; Mr. Westerman; Mrs. Comstock; Mr. Newhouse; Mr. Palmer; and Mr. Loudermilk. 
of Iowa; Mr. Luetkemeyer; Mr. Hanna; Mr. Huelskamp; Mr. Rice of South Carolina; Mr. Gibson; Mr. Brat; Mrs. Radewagen; Mr. Knight; Mr. Hurd of Texas; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Mr. Mike Bost of Illinois; and Mr. Hardy. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA STRUCTURE : Mr. Young of Alaska; Mr. Duncan of Tennessee; Mr. Mica; Mr. LoBiondo; 
Mr. Graves of Missouri; Mrs. Miller of Michigan; Mr. Hunter; Mr. Crawford; Mr. Barletta; Mr. Farenthold; Mr. Gibbs; Mr. Hanna; Mr. Webster of Florida; Mr. Denham; Mr. Ribble; Mr. Massie; Mr. Rice of South Carolina; Mr. Meadows; Mr. Perry; Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois; Mr. Sanford; Mr. Woodall; Mr. Rokita; Mr. Katko; Mr. Babin; Mr. Hardy; Mr. Costello of Pennsylvania; Mr. Graves of Louisiana; Mrs. Mimi Walters of California; Mrs. Comstock; Mr. Curbelo of Florida; Mr. Rouzer; and Mr. Zeldin. 
Lamborn; Mr. Bilirakis; Mr. Roe of Tennessee; Mr. Benishek; Mr. Huelskamp; Mr. Coffman; Mr. Wenstrup; Mrs. Walorski; Mr. Abraham; Mr. Zeldin; Mr. Costello of Pennsylvania; Mrs. Radewagen; and Mr. Mike Bost of Illinois. 
Johnson of Texas; Mr. Brady of Texas; Mr. Nunes; Mr. Tiberi; Mr. Reichert; Mr. Boustany; Mr. Roskam; Mr. Tom Price of Georgia; Mr. Buchanan; Mr. Smith of Nebraska; Mr. Schock; Ms. Jenkins of Kansas; Mr. Paulsen; Mr. Marchant; Mrs. Black; Mr. Reed; Mr. Young of Indiana; Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania; Mr. Renacci; Mr. Meehan; Mrs. Noem; Mr. Holding; and Mr. Smith of Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. 
today in recognition of my friend Eric Grant, an extension agent for the University of Arkansas Division of Agriculture who will retire this week after 28 years of service to agriculture in my home county, Craighead County. 
has faithfully dedicated himself to all aspects of agriculture, including row crops, livestock, horticulture, family and consumer sciences, and 4–H. While Mr. Grant has rightfully earned a reputation throughout northeast Arkansas for knowing his trade, he has done so while cultivating meaningful and lasting relationships as well. Our region’s agricultural producers and families have not only contacted him seeking information from a trusted adviser, they have also reached out to him as friends. 
how Mr. Grant has helped me throughout the years, whether it involved my service as a TV news reporter, a farm 
broadcaster on the radio, or a legislator in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Thursday, I wish him many days that reflect his outstanding service to Craighead County agriculture. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of northeast Arkansas in honoring the service of Eric Grant and wishing him a happy retirement. 
today to call for the House to immediately take up legislation to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools program. 
Government has recognized the financial stresses that national forest land puts on local communities. The failure 
of Congress to reauthorize this program at the end of the last Congress has resulted in significant budget gaps and enormous uncertainty for county governments in my State and throughout the country. 
are poring over their books, figuring out how to scale back essential services that they provide to students, to our kids, and to their families. 
seen its budget for the sheriff’s office cut in half, making layoffs inevitable. The region I represent, Jefferson County, is now struggling to repair a key access road that was washed out from a storm. 
Without Secure Rural Schools funding to complete the repairs, the county is left hoping a State emergency declaration will provide needed funds. Other counties are facing similar projects in limbo. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s maintain our Federal obligation to rural and timber communities and work in a bipartisan fashion to pass legislation that reauthorizes and funds this critical program as soon as possible. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
true honor to be here today, and I am humbled to serve in Washington following the Honorable Howard Coble. Before ever arriving in these hallowed Halls, I made a promise to always put the people before the politics. 
historic place, I am reminded that this House belongs to the people. This past November, these same individuals voiced their strong desire for change— real change—with fresh faces and new ideas. As part of my commitment, I have 
joined several of my colleagues in supporting term limits for Members of Congress. As Members, we must always stay connected with our constituents without falling prey to special interests. 
choices, but I was sent to Washington to serve the people, and I believe that term limits are needed to ensure that we never lose sight of why we are here. 
States, including my home State of New York, and the District of Columbia guarantee a minimum wage higher than that required by Federal law. These States recognize that $7.25 an hour is not enough to support an individual or a family of four’s basic needs. No American who works full time should have to live in poverty. 
kept pace with inflation, today, it holds less buying power than it did in 1981. This is unacceptable. Raising the minimum wage will not only increase earnings for millions, but it will also increase consumer demand by bolstering the purchasing power of lowincome Americans. 
would benefit from a Federal minimum wage increase are 20 years old or older and 55 percent are women. While New York is on track to increase its minimum wage to $9 by 2016, Stateby State increases are not enough. Sixteen States remain at or below the Federal level, and disparities between the States creates economic uncertainty. 
The time to raise the Federal minimum wage is now. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today in support of our opportunity as a Congress to stop an unconstitutional action by the President and allow Congress to perform its constitutional responsibilities: to write and create the laws of this great land. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution is clear. It is Congress’ responsibility to write the law; the President’s job is to simply enforce those laws. 
initiated some of the largest executive power grabs in American history by unilaterally rewriting our Nation’s immigration laws. These actions have ignored the will of the American people. 
those reforms and prevent the President and future Presidents from abusing that authority, breaking the law, 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to say congratulations to the Ohio State Buckeyes for their victory last night for the first College Football Playoff National Championship game. 
of representing the Third Congressional District of Ohio, home of the victorious Buckeyes football team. 
Ohio congressional delegation and others to cheer for the Buckeyes. Mr. Speaker, football is definitely a bipartisan activity. 
The most valuable player, Ezekiel Elliott, broke national championship records for rushing yards and rushing touchdowns; and to our winning quarterback, Cardale Jones—who made the victory possible last night—to all the players, fans, the band, coaches, and athletic directors, I say, ‘‘Congratulations.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
has been nearly 3 years since Las Vegas taxi driver Keith Goldberg was abducted, killed, and his body dumped in the Lake Mead Recreation Area. 
Keith’s body were ended due to limited resources, the Goldberg family turned to Red Rock Search and Rescue, a nonprofit group of trained professionals, to continue the search. 
They immediately hit a Federal regulatory roadblock. The team from Red Rock was told they needed to obtain a $1 million insurance policy for a special use permit to gain access to Federal lands. 
raise the funds necessary to obtain the insurance. When they finally entered the park almost 1 year after Keith first went missing, it took the team all of 2 hours to locate Keith’s remains. 
Mr. Speaker, last Congress, I introduced legislation to allow Good Samaritan search groups to waive Federal liability and access public lands to conduct missing persons searches. It passed this House by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 394–0. Unfortunately, time expired on the session before the Senate could take action. 
I come to the floor today to announce that tomorrow I will, once again, introduce the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act. I urge the House to take swift action on this legislation because unnecessary red tape must not continue to get in the way of providing closure for families like the Goldbergs. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, in December, Congress passed a spending bill to keep the government open, finally providing some certainty to our economy. 
anyone needed, but we cannot forget that one agency was left out: the Department of Homeland Security. Creating uncertainty at Homeland Security is reckless because it threatens our national security. 
us that we need to be as vigilant as ever. So why is this funding held back? So the majority can try to force its immigration policy on the President and the full Congress. 
We can and we should have the immigration debate, but it should not hold hostage the hardworking men and women who guard our ports and protect our borders. 
Let’s fund Homeland Security and have a proper debate on immigration. This is not an either/or situation; it is a both/and. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to draw attention to an issue with serious implications for Louisiana. 
Border Protection has not only failed to collect $2.3 billion in antidumping duties, it has doubled down by refusing to pay collected interest owed to American industries like Louisiana’s crawfish processors. 
Louisiana industry it would disburse $6 million in interest, only to reverse its decision 1 month later. This is just unacceptable. 
in the Homeland Security Appropriations bill to address this issue, I still don’t believe it goes far enough to ensure that CBP is forced to follow through on paying what it owes under the law. 
hold CBP accountable. This industry is not only an important job creator, it has deep Louisiana roots in Louisiana’s culture. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today again to join my colleagues whom you will hear from to challenge this dastardly act of our 300 girls that remain captured, abused, violated, impregnated, and maybe even married into the horrors of Boko Haram. These women and these voices that you see are the very women that we met when we went to Borno State just last year as they pleaded to be able to bring the girls back, but now their voices were turned toward the 2,000 who have been 
So, Mr. Speaker, as I join my colleagues today, I ask for a global response in the war on Boko Haram, a global response from the African Union, a global response from the United Nations, and a global response from the world to fight against Boko Haram and, at the same time, to save the boys that are being recruited by this violent and horrible leader. This leader is turning these young boys into violent killers. 2,000 dead bodies are all over the ground, and our girls now are still suffering. 
now still in the midst saying bring the girls back, I want to tell them that we are coming to the rescue. We will not allow the world to stand by while Boko Haram kills. 
last year we saw the President knowingly act to ignore Federal immigration law, claiming to grant legal status to millions who entered the country illegally—which looks a lot like amnesty to many Americans—an action done in complete defiance of our Nation’s rule of law. 
defund the President’s plan. Some have claimed this plan is funded by fees and fines and that Congress can’t prevent it. I have one answer for them: 
No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law. 
These are words straight out of Article I, section 9 of the Constitution. There are no exceptions, no asterisks, and no fine print. 
law and unprecedented power grabs from this President need to end. These measures included in H.R. 240 are important steps in doing just that. 
support this legislation that will stop the President’s executive overreach and defend the will of the American people. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to urge my Republican colleagues to stop toying with our Nation’s security. Disrupting funding to the Department of Homeland Security is an extreme and reckless form of partisan politics. Even Senate Republicans have expressed concern over the tactics used by their House colleagues. 
Defunding key security infrastructure is unacceptable. Republican Senator MARK KIRKsaid it best: cooler 
heads must prevail, and we must defend critical security infrastructure. 
In recent days both France and Nigeria experienced tragic terrorist attacks. These attacks highlight the threat here at home. Now is not the time to weaken our defenses. 
Mr. Speaker, shutting down any government agency is irresponsible. House Republicans should have learned their lesson in 2013. When will they stop the partisan politics and start legislating? 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Hugh Tarbutton. Hugh will be fondly remembered and sorely missed. 
things: a husband, a father, a philanthropist, and an entrepreneur. Mr. Tarbutton attended the Sandersville high school and went on to Emory Oxford College. 
Among his many accolades, Hugh received the Emory Medal, which is the highest medal given and honor granted to Emory alumni. In addition to advancing education, Mr. Tarbutton championed economic growth in Georgia while serving as president and CEO of the Sandersville Railroad Company. 
of 53 years, Gena, and their four children—Hugh, Jr., Charles, Ben, and Loulie—and their eight grandchildren. 
ways, but to those who knew him best, he will be remembered as a great friend. 
join me in honoring the life and legacy of Hugh Tarbutton. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
since last year’s kidnapping of over 200 Nigerian schoolgirls, Boko Haram’s violence and attacks have not stopped. Instead, they have become more violent, more deadly, and more frequent. Mr. Speaker, last week Boko Haram 
attacked the Nigerian town of Baga, killing 2,000 men, women, and children. Furthermore, as recently as Sunday, there have been reports of young girls as young as 10 years old being used as suicide bombers and sent into crowded markets by Boko Haram militants. 
by idly and watch as innocent little girls are strapped with explosives and civilians are slaughtered by the thousands. Too many lives have been lost and innocent people murdered at the hands of those who use religion to propagate hate and oppression. My heart goes out to the victims and their families. 
to join me and members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee in condemning the devastating actions of Boko Haram. We must keep fighting those that would use terrorism and fear to oppress us, and we must keep tweeting, as I have for 273 days— #BringBackOurGirls and #JoinRepWilson—to show that we have not and we will not forget. 
WITH REPUBLICANS TO SOLVE PROBLEMS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
today to urge President Obama to work with Republicans in this new Congress. 
immediately got to work voting on legislation to boost job creation, provide relief from ObamaCare, increase America’s energy security, and create more job opportunities for veterans. All these bills passed with strong bipartisan support. Yet for some reason the President has already said he will veto at least two of them. 
pipeline will put Americans back to work and help secure our energy future. Restoring ObamaCare’s definition of fulltime employment from 30 hours to 40 hours will increase takehome pay for hourly workers. 
problems and deliver positive results for the American people. For the good of America, I hope the President will put down his veto pen and join us in that effort. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I think they have reached a new low. The Republican majority has decided that they are willing to shut down the agency that detects, deters, and responds to threats in our 
and in light of what just happened in Paris, they must have a good reason; right? Wrong. They are holding essential antiterrorism funding hostage because they want to deport the DREAM kids. They are putting our homeland security and our entire way of life at risk because they want to separate mothers from their children. 
Spanish for this: ‘‘no tienen verguenza,’’ which means, ‘‘they have no shame.’’ 
Stop playing games with our homeland security and put forward a clean funding bill. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss President Obama’s recent expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, which will protect a large number of unlawfully present aliens from deportation. In addition to constitutional concerns and national security implications, the action poses a range of unintended consequences. 
granted deferred action are exempt from being counted under the 2010 health care law’s employer mandate, which requires employers with 50 or more employees to offer health insurance or pay a penalty, the President’s policy, in effect, creates an incentive to hire illegal immigrants over lawfully present workers. 
disadvantages the hiring of American citizens and those lawfully present in the United States—the men and women who have come through legal channels, worked hard, and played by the rules— by making it economically advantageous to hire workers who came to the country illegally. 
This week Congressman MATTSALMONof Arizona and I intend to offer an 
amendment to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations that will address this injustice. I encourage my colleagues to join in support of the commonsense, necessary check on the Obama administration. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
stand before you today to recognize a Federal agency that I am proud to say that I was a part of for many years: the United States Postal Service. I recall the pride and the sense of responsibility in delivering the U.S. mail. 
I am honored to share the most recent achievement of the postal service with you. Sunday deliveries and other adjustments to mail processing were instrumental in allowing the United States Postal Service to set holiday season records, with 524 million packages delivered in December. That is up 18 percent from 2013. 
reported it delivered more than 28 million packages on December 22, the busiest day and the largest single day for package delivery in its history. The package delivery record on December 22 was set while the United States Postal Service also delivered about 463 million pieces of mail. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to take this moment to recognize and applaud the hardworking individuals who made this possible and to also say another 118,000 packages were delivered on Christmas Day. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today humbled and thankful for the opportunity to represent the people of the great State of Kansas for a third time. 
start with renewed optimism for a fresh start for the American people. I am proud to join my colleagues here in the people’s House from both sides of the aisle from across our great Nation as we work together to try to repair this institution and to represent the voices of the American people. 
to create jobs and unleash our economy by authorizing construction of the Keystone pipeline, rolling back job killing portions of ObamaCare, and helping our heroic veterans get back to work. 
stop the flow of illegal immigration into our country and to reestablish the rule of law and to adhere to the Constitution that governs our great Nation. 
are counting on us. Now is the time for bold leadership to do great things. Now is the time for the people’s House to rise to the challenge and to stand up for the American people. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the fifth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that struck the nation of Haiti. Monday marked 5 years since a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck some 15 miles southwest of PortauPrince, Haiti’s population center and the seat of its government. 
quake was unimaginable. Estimates of as many as 316,000 people perished, and nearly 1.3 million were displaced. This tragedy struck in a nation already hobbled by grinding poverty, health disparities, and food insecurity. It crippled the infrastructure of government, destroyed the National Palace, ministry buildings, and tragically robbed the nation of some of its most talented civil servants. 
again, the Haitian people rose to the occasion, and our Nation, to date, has contributed billions to recovery efforts, along with donors around the world. The American people and the Haitian people deserve that this aid be delivered in the most effective way. 
Haiti Act, had bipartisan support and was signed into law by President Obama. This bill—now this law—provides critical oversight and reporting. And this week, along with my colleague Congresswoman FREDERICA WILSON, we are asking our colleagues to 
join us to reintroduce a resolution commemorating this tragic earthquake. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Saturday, a 10yearold girl walked into a crowded Nigerian market with a bomb strapped around her body. She walked through a metal detector, and the bomb exploded, killing her and dozens around her. The device reportedly was controlled by Boko Haram terrorists. 
the town of Baga, Nigeria, armed with grenades, explosives, and assault rifles. News reports say up to 2,000 bodies have been found, many of them children and the elderly who could not escape. 
Boko Haram means ‘‘Western education is sinful.’’ They have inflicted genocide in their reign of terror in Nigeria. Their goal is to impose shari’a law in that country. 
thugs, bandits, and outlaws slaughter both Christians and Muslims in the name of religion. 10,000 people were killed last year in Boko Haram terror. Boko Haram abducted 200 Nigerian girls and made sex slaves out of them. These girls are still missing. 
going away. They are part of the cancer of radical Islamic terror that has to be eliminated. 
And that is just the way it is. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to call on my Republican colleagues to just stop it; stop endangering the American public, stop endangering our national security and get to work for the American people. 
The Department of Homeland Security should have been properly funded when the CR/Omnibus bill passed. Homeland Security is supposed to ensure our local law enforcement, emergency responders, antiterrorism experts, and border security professionals have the resources they need to keep our country safe. Instead, House Republicans continue to talk about deporting kids and pushing their antiimmigrant agenda against Dreamers and compromising our national security. 
This way of thinking, this type of exclusion is what divides our Nation. In a time when we need to be strong and stand together, Republican House leadership continues to turn their backs on opportunities to work together. The only way to fix our broken immigration system is by passing true immigration reform that secures our borders, protects our workers, unites our families, and provides an earned pathway to citizenship. 
It is time to pass a clean DHS funding bill and bring comprehensive immigration reform to a vote. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate my alma mater, the Ohio State University, on being the first team to win the college football playoff. Go, Bucks. 
University of Alabama team in the Sugar Bowl, the Ohio State University beat the number tworanked team, the University of Oregon, last night 42–20 to become the first undisputed national champion. Go, Bucks. 
and teamwork on their side. In fact, they are the first team in history to be ranked outside the top 10 in November and go on to win a national championship. Go, Bucks. 
coaches like Urban Meyer, Luke Fickell, and Chris Ash, and impressive scholarathletes like Braxton Miller, J.T. Barrett, Cardale Jones, Ezekiel Elliott, Tyvis Powell, Darron Lee, Joey Bosa, as well as the entire Buckeye squad. Go, Buckeyes. 
balance of my time, I want to leave you with this: OH. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
be circulating a letter for signature urging the administration not to prosecute General Petraeus. It will ask Eric Holder to use his prosecutorial discretion to close the file now. And if Attorney General Holder will not do so, to urge the President to immediately pardon General Petraeus. 
has an incredible record of service to our Nation. The items he disclosed, if any, were to an Army Reserve Officer who had security clearance, and the disclosure has not gone any further. Given his record to our country, we should not be spending taxpayer dollars in this prosecution. 
the prosecutors accuse General Petraeus of mistakenly disclosing confidential information—maybe they are right, maybe not—they themselves have clearly and intentionally violated law and disclosed confidential information, namely that they are making a recommendation to the Attorney General that he prosecute General Petraeus. So if the Justice Department has unlimited funds to investigate and prosecute, perhaps they should start with their own ranks and at least purge their ranks of those who violate their employment responsibilities and leak confidential information. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to speak about my amendment that is going to be offered to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. It is part of our effort to stop President Obama’s executive amnesty. 
The amendment would freeze the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program by prohibiting any Federal funds or resources from being used to consider or adjudicate any new renewal or previously denied application for any alien requesting consideration for the deferral. Individuals currently in the program would be allowed to continue through the remainder of their deferral period. 
visit the UAC facility at Fort Sill and also to spend some time on the southern border, where agents briefed me. The visits confirmed what we have known all along: DACA is the magnet for drawing Central American children here. Unaccompanied alien children believe they are going to receive amnesty. That is a false hope. There are also problems with the Office of Refugee Resettlement, with physical abuse 
of these children, and we know that the American people want us to take this action. Seventyfive percent reject executive amnesty. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, almost every day I hear from the families in my district who are frustrated by the disconnect between what they need and the discussions that we have here in Congress and Washington. Only 1 week into the 114th Congress, the Republican majority is back with the same divisive agenda that is at the root of the public’s frustration. 
help families succeed, House Republicans have introduced legislation that not only risks our national security but tears families apart. In this time of increased terrorism, what do these amendments target? American Dreamers, young people who were brought to this country as children. These amendments jeopardize our national security and do nothing to fix our broken immigration system. These amendments represent dangerous, meanspirited, divisive politics at its worst, and I hope they are defeated. 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
than four decades the United States has pursued a policy of an embargo against our neighboring nation to the south, Cuba. President Obama has taken the first steps towards moving towards the end of isolating the Cuban people and the Cuban nation. 
diplomatic way and through tourism with the country of Cuba. Clearly the policy of an embargo has failed to bring down the regime of Fidel and Raul Castro. Let’s instead try a policy of engagement where the ideas of democracy and human rights can spread across Cuba and across much of the world after the ending of the cold war. 
call upon Congress to continue to pursue a repeal of the embargo and establishment of normal trade and diplomatic relations with the nation of Cuba so we can continue to, where appropriate, criticize their human rights record and engage them in respecting the rights of all people, and in trade, create jobs on both sides. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 37, PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 185, REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 27 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes. All 
House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed two hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
of Texas). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman (Mr. POLIS), my friend from Colorado, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are 
here today because of failed liberal policies of the President of the United States. Through his unilateral executive actions taken in November and through policies pursued throughout his administration for a number of years, the President’s policies have harmed the American taxpayer. 
today as part of this funding bill, to make sure that we address those problems that we see. Today, the House of Representatives will fight the President’s failed liberal Democratic dogma and provide for a Homeland Security 
bill that actually protects the homeland and the American taxpayer. 
This past summer, the American people saw what happens when the executive branch pursues policies that are not in the best interests of the American people. Over 70,000 unaccompanied minors from South and Central America entered our country illegally. They did this because they believed that this administration would allow them entry into the United States—and, by the way, it looks like it worked. 
the taxpayer and for communities all across this country. Federal taxpayers paid $553 million. We put local schools at risk and stretched the resources of communities all across this country to a tipping point. 
engaged in this fight. This bill represents conservative Republican solutions on how to protect the homeland and the rule of law. Within this rule is a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, as well as five amendments that represent a united fight against the President’s executive amnesty plan. 
that the President’s actions on executive amnesty are unwise and unconstitutional, and they must be stopped. This package provides this body with the opportunity to effectively block and reverse the President’s unilateral amnesty, reassert the rule of law, and uphold our Constitution. 
of the world by the way we dealt with this issue, and it lands directly at the feet of the President of the United States. That is why we are here today and are issuing this bill to the United States Senate, to have them take the appropriate action that is necessary, so that we may work together so that America is safe and that we do not have actions that America should not undertake. 
who wish to speak on this rule today. I look forward to hearing their thoughts, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
bills that make it here to the floor of the House, we traditionally have had an open amendment process for those appropriations bills. That allows Members on both sides of the aisle to offer cuts to move things around. 
At the time of bloated budget deficits, why aren’t the Republicans allowing any cuts to be made from this bill? They are not allowing Democrats or Republicans under a closed rule to offer savings to the Federal Government from bloated budgets. 
two other bills, a completely unrelated antiregulatory bill and also a bill with 
regard to Financial Services that I offered an amendment along with Mr. ISSAto improve are not allowed under 
It is a very bad precedent for congressional procedure here in our second week to shut down ideas from both sides of the aisle to make either of these bills better beyond a select few ideas that have apparently been blessed by the Republican majority. 
night—and my friend, the chair, did as well—a number of very good amendments that were offered, some that I didn’t agree with, but I still thought we ought to be able to discuss and debate—I offered a few myself—but hardly any of these are actually allowed to be debated or voted on by the Members of this body. 
done is effectively hijack the discussion of homeland security and safety to instead have a discussion about our broken immigration system. Well, I was ready to go for that. 
have allowed us to vote on an immigration reform bill as part of the rule, one that passed the Senate with more than twothirds support last session, one that I believe would still carry the support of more than 60 Senators—I think it would likely pass the House if it had been made in order—but I was shut down. 
about a solution to our broken immigration crisis, the Republicans seek to keep it alive, conflict for the sake of conflict, and to somehow lump families and children in with criminals for the same enforcement priority, which makes no sense to any law enforcement professional or any of our communities, which is why we have a broad coalition of the business community, the faithbased community, the law enforcement community, all outraged over the most recent Republican actions, which seem to cater to the far rightwing of their party, rather than seek pragmatic practical solutions to replace our broken immigration system with one that works. 
bill, I offered a bipartisan amendment along with my colleagues, Mr. ISSAand 
to modernize our financial reporting standards, to ensure that digital data was available and searchable by investors everywhere, to increase transparency with regard to public companies. Unfortunately, it was not allowed to be debated or voted on here on the floor of the House to improve this bill. 
This is truly an obstructive and undemocratic approach to governing. Instead of the Members of this body— Democrat and Republican—being able to work together and propose ideas to improve bills, we are presented with bills that are ‘‘our way or the highway,’’ bills that will never become law, bills that have the threat of veto from 
are presumably only being done to appease the rightwing Republican base. 
Congress with a fresh sensibility. We could have brought forward a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill, allowed Members to improve it, to make cuts, to balance our budget deficit, to move things from programs that didn’t work to programs that did. We could have brought forth a real jobs bill addressing the needs of working families. 
chosen to do is to play politics and jeopardize the safety of our country and our homeland security over a debate that they want to have with regard to immigration without offering any solutions. 
from the meeting in the Rules Committee last night, in the testimony from Members on both sides of the aisle, is that nobody thought—Democrats or Republicans—that this Republican bill that defunded DACA and undid the executive action would actually solve our broken immigration system. Republicans and Democrats acknowledged it wouldn’t. 
our defense of our homeland, why don’t we roll up our sleeves and get to work to actually fix our broken immigration system and replace it with one that works? 
Now, look, the bill provides for consideration of the Homeland Security bill, but everybody knows it is not a serious attempt at funding the Department of Homeland Security. There is a manufactured crisis, the first step in a suretofail legislative process that the President himself has said he would veto. 
Why is anybody in this body—reasonable lawmakers, all of them—placing the funding of Homeland Security at a time of increased national threat—we saw the events in France this last week—putting our defense of our homeland at risk? 
agree with it; some disagree with it. He used the authority that he has been given by this body to establish enforcement priorities with regard to the 10, 11, 12 million people who are here illegally. 
solve our broken immigration system, there is only going to be more people here illegally; instead of 10 or 11 million, there could be 12 million, 14 million, 15 million, until we get serious 
about border security, about enforcement, about restoring the rule of law. 
let’s support children rather than criminals; let’s prevent people that have registered, gotten right by the law, paid a fee, had a background check, had their fingerprints taken, let’s prevent them from legally working or going to school; let’s hang the threat of tearing them apart from their American kids over their heads. Both sides acknowledge that is not 
the answer to fixing our broken immigration system. So let’s move past this discussion, let’s secure our homeland, and let’s get to the discussion of how to fix our broken immigration system, which both sides agree this debate is not about. 
This bill also provides for consideration of the Regulatory Accountability Act, another recycled bill from the last Congress. It is not an immigration reform bill; it is not a jobs bill. It is actually a bill that makes government function even less efficiently than it currently does. 
to make sure our food is toxinfree and safe to eat. It would bury agency rulemaking under a bureaucratic blizzard of hurdles and documentation requirements. This is a paperwork creation bill, this is a government inefficiency bill, the opposite of the direction we should be moving with regard to making government streamlined and more efficient. 
Finally, this rule provides for consideration of the Financial Services bills, which this body considered last week, but again, when something doesn’t pass under suspension, a procedure that requires twothirds, the rule should hopefully enable Members on both sides of the aisle to improve upon the bill. I offered just such an improvement, as did some of my colleagues. 
rather than just pass this bill with a Republican majority, why don’t we begin the difficult work of making this bill better, of improving on it, of taking ideas from Democrats and Republicans, to get this bill to the point where twothirds of this body support it? Unfortunately, that did not occur, and this bill is being brought under a very restrictive rule. 
than closing down the traditional open process we have around amending appropriations bills. We can restore regular order and allow bills to actually be considered through the committee process here in this Congress, instead of appearing with 48 hours to read for Members of Congress, without even giving the opportunity to amend them. Unfortunately, in the second week here, the Republican majority is already making good governance a farce. 
this rule, to show that Congress can and will do better if you give the Democrats and Republicans who serve in this body the ability to legislate, to offer their ideas, to work with Members on their side of the aisle and the opposite side of the aisle, and to get to a point where we can present a bill that the President of the United States will sign and will become the law of the land. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Congressman LOUBARLETTA , who came to the Rules Committee last night to speak 
about the importance of this bill, the former mayor of Hazleton, Pennsylvania. 
in support of the rule and the amendments offered to the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill, including the amendment I coauthored with my colleagues, Congressman ADERHOLT of Alabama and Congressman M ULVANEY of South Carolina. 
Now, when I was mayor of my hometown of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, I saw firsthand how illegal immigration can affect a community. I believe that my stance against illegal immigration was why I was elected to Congress in the first place. 
as a smalltown mayor. I know what it looks like on the back end when the Federal Government doesn’t do its job. Very simply, we are making sure that, at long last, we enforce the law. 
First, it prevents the funding of carrying out the President’s actions announced on November 20 of last year. 
The President’s amnesty program did not just begin all of a sudden 2 months ago. It goes back much further than that, to the socalled Morton memos of 2011. They instructed immigration officers to ignore broad categories of illegal immigrants and halt deportation proceedings for them. In short, these memos told immigration officers to view the law the way that President Obama wished it had been written rather than how Congress actually wrote it. 
Morton memos. We also say that no funds can be used to implement any similar amnesty policies. That simply means that this or any other President cannot try to tweak their policies or try more trickery to try another end around past Congress without our approval. 
Mr. Speaker, this states unmistakable congressional intent. The amendment says that the President’s policies have no basis in law and are not grounded in the Constitution. We prevent anyone who receives such executive amnesty from being awarded any Federal benefits. 
considered, including stopping the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which was born out of the Morton memos. I support that amendment and all of the others as well. 
clear: the President of the United States does not have unilateral power. In America, we also have a legislature. As such, the President cannot simply make laws on his own. The Aderholt MulvaneyBarletta amendment makes that clear. 
I urge support of the rule and the accompanying amendments to the DHS Appropriations bill. 
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), a member of 
in strong opposition to this unfair rule. Here we are, just 2 weeks into the brandnew Congress, and the Republican leadership has decided to combine three major controversial bills into one rule. They aren’t content to exclude amendments. Now they also want to stifle debate. It is ridiculous, it is shameful, it is undemocratic, and it needs to stop. 
To what end? So they can attach poison pill amendments to the Homeland Security Appropriations bill. 
bill ready to go last year, but no, the Republicans would rather play Russian roulette with our homeland security. They are being driven by the most extreme antiimmigrant voices in the Republican caucus. So we are going to waste at least this entire week and maybe even more weeks to come debating ugly antiimmigrant amendments that are likely dead on arrival in the Senate and will most certainly be vetoed by the President. 
it. You can’t stand this President, and it is making you irrational to the point that you are doing real harm to this country. And I understand that you would rather tear immigrant families apart than keep them together. But you had the opportunity last Congress—for months and months and months—to legislate on this issue. You chose not to. Instead, you have chosen to make a mess of a very important Homeland Security Appropriations bill. You have chosen to demagogue rather than legislate. With all that is going on in the world and with what happened in France, I ask my Republican friends: What are you thinking, playing politics with our national security? 
blocked all efforts to fix our broken immigration system, and then they keep wailing and whining about it being broken. They keep punishing individuals and families who have been in our country for years, working hard, paying taxes, raising families. Enough is enough. 
I urge my colleagues to choose fairness and compassion and to vote down this shameful rule. 
minutes to the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, Dr. BURGESS , from 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage people on both sides of the dais, both sides of the aisle, to support the rule and the underlying appropriations bill with its attached amendments. I do tire of hearing people talk about 
our broken immigration system. Mr. Speaker, last year, in the United States of America, 1.1 million people came into this country, raised their right hand, took the oath of citizenship, and came in legally. And it has been that way every year that I have been in Congress since 2003. So, by my arithmetic, that is well over 12 million people that have become naturalized United States citizens in the last 10 or 12 years. 
countries. The fact of the matter is, when you combine every other country on the face of the Earth, they don’t match half of the number of people that are allowed to come into the United States and take the oath of citizenship. 
What is broken is the enforcement of our immigration laws, and we have seen that demonstrated time and again. 
decisions in June of 2012, and we in Texas, particularly in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, understand very much what happens when someone makes adjustments without going through the rule of law. As a consequence, in late 2013, and then throughout the spring and summer of last year, we saw unprecedented amounts of unaccompanied minors simply coming across the border and turning themselves in to Customs and Border Patrol. 
someone just suddenly wake up one day in Honduras or Guatemala and say: I’m going to make that dangerous trek across the Mexican desert? No, it is because child traffickers, coyotes, saw what the President did, and said: 
Here’s a business plan. Let’s go to these families, charge them thousands of dollars, with the admonition that if you don’t do it now, this door is going to close. But right now the President has got the door open for you to come up and get your amnesty. Step up and get it while you can. 
So what did the President do in November? He doubled down on that. The message to the child traffickers around the world is: Y’all come. Y’all come and it will be all right. 
But the fact of the matter is it is not 
all right. In fact, our homeland security is threatened. 
This is an important bill. Judge CARTERhas done enormous work to bring 
this bill to the floor. For that, I thank him. The bill is important, along with the amendments. I urge adoption of the rule, and I urge adoption of the underlying bill with its accompanying amendments. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
is happening here today. House Republicans are holding our national security hostage to the extreme policies of their most radical Members. I speak from experience, having been one of the three or four that started this committee back after 9/11. You know that. 
pill amendments that will follow is a vote to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, plain and simple. It is a vote against the brave men and women in our Border Patrol, Secret Service, Coast Guard, and local public safety departments who put their lives on the line every day. 
Fire Caucus and the Public Safety Caucus, I am outraged that this stunt will jeopardize important funding under the Fire and SAFER grants programs. It provides community firefighters with the equipment they need and the ability to hire additional firefighters to help keep the risk of loss of life and property damage at a minimum. 
I welcome a debate about immigration, but this is another ruse. This is an exact ruse. Whether you are talking about border security or whether you are talking about ‘‘amnesty,’’ it is a ruse. It doesn’t matter whether it is this or something else to stop immigration, House Republicans have done nothing but run from that conversation. 
a bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill since June of 2013. He has done nothing to move the bill through the House. He hasn’t proposed an alternative. And if you don’t like the President’s executive actions to help address our broken immigration system, why haven’t you put your own on the table? 
Policies like the President’s executive order provide responsible solutions to prevent families from being torn apart. Don’t we want family unification? Don’t we support that? In the bowel of our values, don’t we support that more than anything else: keeping families together? 
solutions for these families—and they are out there. They are all over. It is quite simply unbelievable that they are willing to put politics before national security and shut down the Department of Homeland Security to block the President from implementing his solutions. 
to have a debate about immigration? Great. We welcome it. But we will not play along with this dangerous plan to jeopardize the safety and security of the American people. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule. 
minutes to the gentleman from Ranger, Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ). 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read to you a few quotes. First: 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportations through executive order, that’s just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. 
branch’s job is to enforce and implement those laws. 
the United States, I’m not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute laws that are passed. 
I can’t do it by myself. We’re going to have 
I am President. I am not king. I can’t do 
I’m not a king. You know, my job as the 
head of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law. 
by separation of powers. There are some things we can’t do. 
Congress has the power of the purse, for example. 
These are the words and the statements of the President of the United States. And words matter. But, even after the President said all of this in a politically motivated action last November, he pursued a course that could allow up to 5 million undocumented immigrants to remain in the United States illegally and without consequence. 
President Obama defied the will expressed by the American people last November and blatantly contradicted his own statements about the limits of the executive branch. 
Now, let’s be clear, lest others confuse this issue today. This is not a debate about immigration. That will come later. But this is about the rule of law. This is about the constitutional separation of powers. This is about the respect we owe the American people. 
In this appropriations bill, we are exercising the power of the purse and we are taking a strong, narrow approach that will, first and foremost, provide security to our homeland and, secondly, deny any funds whatsoever from being used to carry out the President’s unwise and, in my opinion, unconstitutional actions. 
right about a couple of things. He is not an emperor, and he is surely not a king. House Republicans are united in making sure that he doesn’t get away with acting like one either. And yet before the debate even begins, last night the President has already issued threats. He is threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security because this bill prevents him from implementing his own ideology. 
is a threat to our national security; a veto threat is an open invitation to our enemies. In the wake of the horrific terrorist attack this week in France, is the President really willing to compromise the safety of 320 million Americans to appease his base and score political points? God help us if that is the case. 
Today, it is up to us in the House. 
Let us vote to defend the constitutional role of this legislature, let us 
vote to stop the President’s blatant overreach, and let us vote to secure our homeland. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
think my good friends who are on the floor today, my good friends on the Republican side of the aisle, have failed to read the Constitution, which includes, clearly, the President’s authority for executive actions and not, as they have articulated, an executive order. 
that he has the ability to manage this government, as Presidents Reagan and Eisenhower did. 
What I would offer to say is, there is 
nothing in what the President has done but to exercise executive action. But I will say to them that Secretary Johnson of Homeland Security has said that we are placing ourselves in a dangerous position, not because of the President’s actions, not because of the appropriations bill, but because of these enormous poison pills that are stamping and stomping on the President’s right to executive action. 
I oppose all of the bills that are presently in this rule, including the regulatory bill, the Financial Services—all of them have poison pills. The regulatory bill, for example, wants 70 criteria before any agency can pass a regulation. 
in a moment, a historic moment. France was more than a wakeup call. But what I will say to you is that we can pass a clean Homeland Security appropriations bill and we can end this dangerous condition that we are in. 
I would ask my colleagues to eliminate the poison pills of pulling back on the President’s constitutional authority. 
opposition to the rule for H.R. 240, the Homeland Security Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
five Republican amendments made in order by the Rules Committee guarantee the bill will be vetoed by the President at a time when ensuring that the agencies charged with securing our border and protecting the homeland have the resources needed to keep us safe should be our highest priority. 
game of Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland by recklessly adding this ‘‘poison pill’’ to legislation needed to fund the agencies and programs charged with securing the border and protecting the homeland. 
made in order by the Rules Committee are simply the latest attempt by House Republicans to prohibit the executive branch from exempting or deferring from deportation any immigrants considered to be unlawfully 
present in the United States under U.S. immigration law, and to prohibit the administration from treating those immigrants as if they were lawfully present or had lawful immigration status. 
makes in order amendment that seek to block the executive actions taken President Obama to address our broken immigration system by providing smarter enforcement at the border, prioritize deporting felons—not families—and allowing certain undocumented immigrants, including the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful residents, who pass a criminal background check and pay taxes to temporarily stay in the U.S. without fear of deportation. 
President Obama are reasonable, responsible, and within his constitutional authority. 
Under Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution, the President, who is the nation’s Chief Executive, ‘‘shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
obligation to execute the law, the Supreme Court has consistently interpreted the Take Care Clause as ensuring presidential control over those who execute and enforce the law and the authority to decide how best to enforce the laws. See, e.g., Arizona v. United States; Bowsher v. Synar; Buckley v. Valeo; Printz v. United States; Free Enterprise Fund v. PCAOB. 
the agencies that enforce immigration laws, has ‘‘prosecutorial discretion’’—the power to decide whom to investigate, arrest, detain, charge, and prosecute. 
Homeland Security (DHS), may develop discretionary policies specific to the laws they are charged with enforcing, the population they serve, and the problems they face so that they can prioritize resources to meet mission critical enforcement goals. 
‘‘fairly wide,’’ indeed the federal government’s discretion is extremely ‘‘broad’’ as the Supreme Court held in the recent case of Arizona v. United States, 132 S. Ct. 2492, 2499 
removed from the United States and the procedures for doing so. Aliens may be removed if they were inadmissible at the time of entry, have been convicted of certain crimes, or meet other criteria set by federal law. Removal is a civil, not criminal, matter. A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration officials. Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. If removal proceedings commence, aliens may seek asylum and other discretionary relief allowing them to remain in the country or at least to leave without formal removal. (emphasis added) (citations omitted). 
States, also strongly suggests that the executive branch’s discretion in matters of deportation may be exercised on an individual basis, or it may be used to protect entire classes of individuals such as ‘‘[u]nauthorized workers trying to support their families’’ or immigrants who originate from countries torn apart by internal conflicts: 
Discretion in the enforcement of immigration law embraces immediate human concerns. 
their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. The equities of an individual case may turn on many factors, including whether the alien has children born in the United States, long ties to the 
Mr. Speaker, in exercising his broad discretion in the area of removal proceedings, President Obama has acted responsibly and reasonably in determining the circumstances in which it makes sense to pursue removal and when it does not. 
Obama not done anything that is novel or unprecedented. 
Here are a just a few examples of executive 
action taken by several presidents, both Republican and Democratic, on issues affecting immigrants over the past 35 years: 
executive action in 1987 to allow 200,000 Nicaraguans facing deportation to apply for relief from expulsion and work authorization. 
issued an executive order that granted Deferred Enforced Departure (DED) to certain nationals of the People’s Republic of China who were in the United States. 
leadership and farsighted executive action, 594,000 undocumented immigrants in my home state of Texas are eligible for deferred action. 
united with their families and receive a temporary work permit, it would lead to a $338 million increase in tax revenues, over five years. 
America’s borders are dynamic, with constantly evolving security challenges. Border security must be undertaken in a manner that allows actors to use pragmatism and common sense. 
And as shown by the success in the last 
Congress of H.R. 1417, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security Results Act, which I helped to write and introduced along with the senior leaders of the House Homeland Security Committee, we can do this without putting the nation at risk or rejecting our national heritage as a welcoming and generous nation. 
H.R. 15, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act,’’ legislation which reflects nearly all of the core principles announced professed last year by House Republicans. 
has set the example for the world as to what can be achieved when people of diverse backgrounds, cultures, and experiences come together. 
We can and should seize this historic opportunity pass legislation to ensure that we have in place adequate systems and resources to secure our borders while at the same preserving America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world and to reap the hundreds of billions of dollars in economic productivity that will result from comprehensive immigration reform. President Obama has acted boldly, responsibly, and compassionately. 
to debate comprehensive immigration reform legislation for more than 500 days, disapprove of the lawful actions taken by the President, an alternative course of action is readily available to them: pass a bill and send it to the President for signature. 
against the rule so we can put an end to the dangerous game of playing Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland. 
Let us defeat this rule and bring to the floor 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill that the President can sign into law. 
Georgia (Mr. A LLEN ), one of our brand 
of this combined rule and the underlying bills. Specifically, I came to the floor to speak in support of H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015. 
bringing up this clean legislation in a timely fashion and allowing the full House of Representatives the opportunity to work the will of the body, which is, in fact, the will of the American people. 
rule are vital to protecting the constitutionally mandated separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch, while keeping the Department of Homeland Security funded through fiscal year 2015. 
who are opposed to this bill, just last week, Members of the House read on this floor the Constitution of the United States, myself included, and renewed our commitment to defending the principles in our Nation’s founding document. 
all legislative powers and authority to Congress and established the framework of our legislative process. 
immigration threatens this separation of powers, ignores our Constitution, disregards the right of the American people to have a voice in important legislation through their elected representatives. 
November 4. They did not want the President to act alone on immigration. Now, this bill and the accompanying amendments are sending a strong message that Congress will not stand by as the President attempts to rewrite our Nation’s laws. 
minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security. 
thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule. Just over 1 month ago, I stood on this floor urging the majority to allow Members of this Chamber to fund the Department of Homeland Security in the omnibus. The majority did not listen. 
In the past month, even as the majority plotted to punish the Department for the President’s action on immigration, a series of terrorist incidents across the globe have brought into sharp focus the need for a fully funded and fully functional DHS. 
First, in Sidney, Australia, we witnessed a terrorist attack on a cafe where, at the end of a lengthy standoff, two innocent people lay dead. 
Pictures Entertainment’s network raised awareness of the damage that hacks can do. 
a series of terrorist attacks that have sent shock waves beyond the borders of France. 
members of the creative team of Charlie Hebdo, followed by the indiscriminate killing at a Jewish supermarket, are not simply tragic incidents; they serve as a reminder that the terrorist threats we face are evolving, and they are evolving quickly. 
responsibility to give the Department of Homeland Security the resources it needs to be dynamic and agile in response to these evolving threats. 
bill under consideration today, although not perfect, could certainly pass both Chambers and be enacted into law with the President’s signature. 
inevitability, that one or more of the poison pill amendments that the Rules Committee approved will get attached ensures a DHS shutdown or slowdown continues. 
And to what end? The majority decries the administration’s immigration actions but offers no solution. 
The majority decries the administration’s immigration actions, but offers no solution or alternatives of its own. Instead, it plays and replays the game of we will or we won’t fund the government. 
come and run its course. It is time to provide fullyear funding to DHS so it can continue its critical mission. 
First District of Georgia, Pooler, Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding some of his time. 
sent to Washington to represent the people of southeast Georgia against the numerous harmful actions taken by the President and his administration. 
I have been shocked by the actions of the President and the way he directly ignores the will of the American people, statutory law, and, most importantly, the Constitution of this country. 
will be used to implement the President’s executive order that allowed thousands of illegal immigrants to stay in this country. 
funds will go to implement any rule or regulation that has been issued by the administration over the last several years. 
It is time to stand up to the President and say, no more. No more, Mr. President. No more rewarding bad behavior. No more rules that ignore the will of the American people. No more ignoring statutory law. And most importantly, no more ignoring the Constitution of the United States. 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). 
the rule for H.R. 240. It is sad, Mr. Speaker, that just 2 weeks into this new Congress, Republicans have turned a bipartisan issue, funding our Department of Homeland Security, into a cesspool of despicable amendments that cater to the most extremist anti immigrant fringe. 
mandating that we deport thousands of students who are as American in their hearts as you or I. 
prohibiting DHS from prioritizing whether we deport hardworking parents or hardened criminals. 
decrying the legal immigration backlog but doing nothing, absolutely nothing, to fix it. 
which would save taxpayers over $1 billion a year by ending the detention bed mandate, effectively an earmark that requires 34,000 beds be filled by immigrants every single day inside forprofit detention centers. 
we were here to solve problems. What this bill reveals instead, unfortunately, is a majority with no interest in solving our broken immigration system. If 
they had that interest, we would have passed comprehensive immigration reform 2 years ago. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. 
and the underlying bill, H.R. 240, the fiscal year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act. 
Mr. Speaker, the primary responsibility of the President of the United States is to faithfully carry out the laws sent to him by Congress. Unfortunately, this President, over the past several years, has chosen time and time again to ignore our immigration laws in order to achieve his executive amnesty objectives. 
His actions continue to fundamentally threaten the separation of powers set forth by the Constitution that was read on this floor last Friday, and it needs to stop. 
the opportunity to completely defund and end this executive amnesty. With the adoption of the amendments made in order under this rule, H.R. 240 will responsibly fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the fiscal year and ensure the protection of our borders, while, at the same time, restoring the boundaries between the legislative and executive branches of the Federal Government. 
grab by the President, we will also consider an amendment that will express the sense of Congress that we should stop putting the interests of illegal immigrants above legal immigrants, who are being punished for simply obeying the law. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). 
trample on democracy and discard regular order, you can run a remarkably efficient House of Representatives. 
This rule is an abomination of procedure, wrapped in another abomination of procedure, all wrapped up in a third abomination. It deals with three bills, but one of those bills contains 11 bills. Add it up. One rule, 14 bills. 
Let’s look at the 11 Financial Services bills. Eleven bills, zero amendments allowed. Why? We are told that, well, all 11 of those bills have gone through the committee without controversy or gone to the floor without controversy. Not true. 
when banks have to comply with an important part of the Volcker rule. Has that extension to 2019 ever been voted on in committee? No. Has it ever been discussed on the floor? No. 
asked, can we have an amendment to deal with this new matter, which has 
never been subject to a markup or a discussion on this floor, the answer is ‘‘no.’’ Why is that? 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Financial Services bill contains quite a number of noncontroversial provisions that will improve DoddFrank, and we could improve our economy today and have a bill on the President’s desk by the end of the month. 
this to force Democrats to vote against nearly a dozen good provisions so that they can say, look at those Democrats; they won’t help the economy. 
legislating. It is morally wrong. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
a very sad way to explain what we are doing here today. The gentleman knows that these 11 bills have all been heard, most of them voted on the floor, overwhelming majorities, if not—— 
this yesterday in the Rules Committee, and we intend to move forward. And they are great bills that will help the economy and jobs in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield—— Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker—— Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have 
to object when a Member says something demonstrably false? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is under recognition and has not yielded for the purpose of a parliamentary inquiry. 
Cassville, Georgia, Congressman LOUDERMILK , a freshman Member of 
Mr. Speaker, John Adams, as President of these United States, stated: 
people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. 
that our Constitution is only as solid— it is only as resolute—as the willingness of the people to uphold the limits of its power. 
of America as the longest continual constitutional republic in the history of the world is our commitment to recognizing and our respecting the limits of power inscribed in this Constitution. A clear and distinct division of those 
branches of government is what we have all sworn to uphold. 
The President through his recent executive orders has seized the constitutional authority of the United States Congress. 
bring an immediate end to the President’s pattern of executive overreach, it does, within the rule of law, begin to restore the constitutional authority of this governing body. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
for Republicans in Congress to play political games with America’s homeland security. Our country and its citizens must remain safe and secure. International travel, border crossings, and our transportation systems must be protected. In Florida, this is an economic issue as well. 
named politicians as their top concern over even the economy and jobs, and this Republican bill is a fine example of why that is: at the heart of the House Republicans’ obstruction of homeland security is their inattention to bipartisan solutions and their continued dodging of needed immigration reform. 
passed a bipartisan bill. It was passed overwhelmingly, but it hit a roadblock here in the House, and this roadblock continues to be a drag on the economy. One particularly heartless amendment will be offered by Republicans that directs young DREAM Act students to pack their bags and leave America, even though America is the only country they have ever known. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am perplexed with the heartless amendments from the Republicans in Congress because, in the State of Florida, our Republican legislature passed a law last year to provide instate tuition to the same DREAM Act students. 
to send them packing. This is unnecessarily harsh, and it is inconsistent with our American values. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
minutes to the gentleman from the Seventh Congressional District of Texas, Congressman CULBERSON , the 
Mr. CULBERSON. Today, Mr. Speaker, the Republican House takes an important step in restoring the trust of the American people in their elected Representatives and in restoring the rule of law in our Nation. 
underlying our entire system of government are trust and the rule of law. 
The American people in the election last November decisively rejected the aggressive, liberal agenda of this President and of the Democrats in Congress. 
They elected this Republican majority to stop the President from doing further damage to our system of laws and further damage to our Constitution. The American people elected us to preserve and protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, but that work begins with trust. 
of America asked us to do in enforcing our laws on the border to ensure that our laws are respected, to ensure that our immigration law is fair, and that it treats everyone equally as the Constitution requires. 
American people to do precisely what we said we would do, and that is to overturn these illegal executive memos that are attempting to ignore what the law says the President must do. Not even King George III had the authority to waive a law enacted by the Parliament. 
path today of restoring that bond of trust, we will restore the rule of law in America because, without the law, there is no liberty. 
In fact, the first design on one of the 
first coins ever minted in the Republic of Mexico, a coin which I have here with me, shows the liberty cap—liberty and law. There is no liberty without law enforcement, and the House today is doing what the American people hired us to do: to restore their trust and to restore the rule of law. 
This is a law enforcement issue. Border security and immigration, these are matters of law enforcement. We trust the good hearts and the good sense of the officers in the field to do the right thing for the right reasons, which is to enforce our laws fairly and equally, because the people on the Rio Grande understand better than anyone else that if the law is not enforced, there cannot be safe streets and that you cannot have good schools and a strong economy without law enforcement. 
anyone else that this debate is far larger than it just being about immigration or border security. It is far larger than just these individual issues we will debate today. 
are honoring the will of the American people. We will keep our word. We will make sure that the laws of the United States are enforced equally and fairly for all. 
Above all, we will preserve and protect the Constitution and the America that we know and love. That was the message of the election last November. 
Speaker, the world is mourning. Millions have marched in Paris in memory 
of the victims and to stand against terrorism; yet, at a time when we should strengthen our response against terrorism, Republicans are playing games. 
that dismantle the President’s executive action, Republicans are threatening to endanger the security of our entire Nation for the sole purpose of playing partisan politics. 
we are not being asked to vote for a better immigration system; we are being asked to vote for a crueler one— a system of mass deportation, one that tears parents away from children, disrupts communities, and weakens our economy, one that replaces the open hands of the Statue of Liberty with a sign that reads: You are not welcome here. 
will not become law, so today’s debate serves only to placate an extreme wing of their party while making millions of hardworking and aspiring Americans afraid and unsettled. 
are integrated into our communities, and pulling a thread once woven just weakens the fabric. I urge my colleagues to vote against this toxic bill. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Raleigh, North Carolina, Congressman HOLDING . 
support of the rule and of the underlying DHS bill and relevant amendments. 
million legal permanent immigrants per year, so long as they follow our Nation’s legal immigration process. Unfortunately, like those coming to the United States illegally, this administration wants to ignore our Nation’s immigration laws and immigration process. 
This not only undermines the rule of law in our country, but it also unfairly treats those who follow our legal immigration process, as complicated as it is. 
DACA in 2012, unilaterally granting amnesty to illegal minors, the number of unaccompanied children at the border increased almost tenfold in just 3 years. 
actions send a resounding message to wishful immigrants that our Nation may have immigration laws, but that it is just not important that they are respected. 
Simply put, this is wrong, so I support this rule, and I support restoring the rule of law. 
strong opposition to the rule and to the bill. 
For over 500 days, Republican leadership refused to bring comprehensive 
immigration reform for a vote, this despite ample support from both sides of the aisle to pass bipartisan legislation from the Senate. 
however, President Obama made the appropriate and the lawful move to expand the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program and to create deferred action for parents. Now, Republicans have decided to hold our national security hostage in order to placate the antiimmigrant fringe. 
have nothing to do with our national security and have everything to do with tearing down the President’s legal executive action on immigration. 
whatever this President puts forward, Republicans will oppose; but it is hard to believe, given the dangers we face, that Republicans won’t work in a bipartisan manner to keep our country safe. 
We should defeat this rule, and we should defeat the underlying legislation if these poison pill amendments are adopted. 
minutes to the gentleman from Appleton, Wisconsin, REIDRIBBLE . 
the President has dropped a poison pill with his executive amnesty—of his own choosing, I might add—into the well of goodwill in this Chamber. 
over to him, he is issuing a veto threat on the front end. The President has now made it abundantly clear that he is willing to risk national security to protect those who have come here illegally. 
is exactly what the gentlewoman just mentioned a moment ago: working in a bipartisan fashion with Congress, through the rule of law, to pass immigration reform. 
This debate is no longer about immigration reform. The debate, unfortunately, isn’t even about homeland security. The debate has become about choices and the President’s choices, about the choices that the President, himself, has made in regard to this issue. He will soon have another choice to make. 
I wish this were just about immigration reform because I believe, quite frankly, that we can find a path forward on immigration reform, Mr. Speaker. We need to fix our immigration system. Every single person here, unless Native American, is a son or a daughter of an immigrant. 
system to make it easier for people to enter our Nation legally and to make it 
more difficult to come here illegally. This appropriations bill does that very thing: it puts more guards on the border than ever before, and it creates security that is necessary. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage the President not to veto this piece of legislation but to work with this Congress to do this in the correct way, which is within the confines of the Constitution. 
pass this bill as fast and as quickly as possible. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
this piece of legislation is both risky and callous. It asks Americans to give into their worst instincts. If you or someone you know is out of a job, blame an immigrant; if an undocumented person commits a crime, they are all like that. 
growing security threats to our Nation, and Republicans in this House of Representatives are willing to play Russian roulette with the security of the American people. The American people know better. 
Wide majorities support comprehensive immigration reform, including those in my home State of Texas. Majorities disagree with taking away DACA for young kids who came here through no fault of their own. 
I will leave with you with this question to ponder, Mr. Speaker: What do you tell somebody who was 3 years old when they were brought here to the United States of America, knows no other country and no other language but the English language, what do you tell that person when you tell them that they have got to leave here? This is the only life that they have ever known. How are they not as American as you and I? 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Gainesville, Georgia, Congressman COLLINS , a member of the 
support of this rule and the underlying bills, many of which have not been discussed because we have been discussing the one that is, frankly, the most effective and have been discussing what the President has done and the funding issues. But the one thing that I want to emphasize is what is not being discussed here, and what is not being discussed is the simple opportunity to restore constitutional checks and balances. 
talked about what question would you want to talk about. Well, let’s talk about immigration. When they had the opportunity, they punted on that issue, so I wouldn’t want to talk about it if I 
going to leave the country in jeopardy. No, we are not. The President can sign this bill, get back to proper constitutional order, and then everything is funded; and there, order is restored. 
running other things. And even when we bring up this, some of my friends from across the aisle will bring up, well, other Presidents have done it. Well, that reminds me of what my mother used to say: If everybody jumped off the roof, would you? 
It is time. And what people in America tell us all the time is it is time for Congress to reassert its congressional authority. That is what this is about. Throw the blame anywhere you want to, try to direct us, but you are not deceiving the American people, as the speaker just said. The American people do know the difference when you are trying to misdirect them. 
underneath, they get at the heart of restoring constitutional order, of taking back regulations that need to be rolled back so that our businesses can function, our markets can function, and we can get back to doing exactly what we are supposed to be in here doing. 
So as long as we hear the distractions, I know the American people aren’t fooled because I am not fooled. I did what I have said I would do—I came here to fight—back at the first of the year: to fight what was being done around Congress and around this executive order. I will continue that fight. That is the promise that we made to the American people. That is the promise the Republicans are bringing forth. Jobs, people, and kitchen table. That is what we are about. It is about what the Founding Fathers said we would do. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans offer a very clear immigration plan today: Deportation now. Deportation tomorrow. Deportation forever. 
with profamily action; they would roll back previous protection for our DREAMers, young adults brought here as children, who have so much to offer. Republicans would deny them that opportunity, just as they would deny an opportunity for families that pay their taxes, work hard, and pass a criminal background check—they would deny them an opportunity to stay together. 
Pedro is a young man who came to America at age three. He excelled in school. He graduated near the top of his class at the University of Texas. And he hopes to work for the district attorney’s office, securing our community from crime, or in some other public service. This bill does not just deny 
opportunity to Pedro; it denies our entire community the opportunity to benefit from his talents. I say let these DREAMers help us build a better and stronger America. 
promises in this House that the day would come when people of goodwill in both parties could come together and consider broader reform. Yet we are still denied that opportunity. Republican leaders have apparently given up on resolving the broken immigration system. They will stop at nothing to avoid doing anything. 
right to learn, the right to work. It would deny hope for so many of these young people who pledge allegiance to America, who have so much to offer. Pandering to angry isolationists is not a sound immigration policy. It is not what this country, where the Statue of Liberty stands so tall, is all about. 
Mr. Speaker, and vote ‘‘no’’ on this nightmare of an amended bill. 
no further requests for time, but I would like to ask how much time remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Colorado has 3
Mr. SESSIONS. I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the Republicans are playing partisan games with our country’s border security and our safety. By tacking on unrelated immigration measures to a basic funding bill for Homeland Security, they are putting us on a path that could shut down our Department of Homeland Security and endanger the people of our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider a clean version of the Homeland Security bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. We do not need to start 
this new Congress going down a path of legislative brinkmanship and crises of our own making. We shouldn’t be treating funding for our national security like a political pawn. 
about how to solve immigration. There are differences of opinion about the President’s actions. The venue for taking out those disagreements is not to put the homeland security of our country at risk. We don’t have to attach these controversial amendments to a mustpass bill to keep our borders secure. We have no shortage of other things we should be focusing on. 
There seems to be pentup frustration about our broken immigration system. I share that. Let’s address our broken immigration system and fix it and pass immigration reform. I tried to do that in the Rules Committee yesterday. Unfortunately, that discussion is not allowed under this rule, and I urge my colleagues to vote down the rule. 
here in Congress with yet another crisis of our own making. Instead of solving pressing issues, instead of creating jobs, instead of protecting our homeland, we are putting a bipartisan, important appropriations bill right smack in the middle of an unrelated political fight. 
afford an immigration enforcement system that spends extraordinary sums of money every year detaining and deporting individuals with strong ties to their community and who pose no meaningful threat to anyone. We should focus on criminals rather than children. That is exactly what the President’s actions do. 
are happy to work with them to address the underlying issues of immigration and why we have 11 million people living here illegally in the first place. Until we do, this bill doesn’t solve a thing. But let’s not get hung up over the side issue and make sure that we continue to protect our homeland against a terrorist threat. 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
law requires that the House of Representatives pass funding bills. Today we are here because we are going to fund Homeland Security, and that we are. We are going to fund Homeland Security because every single member of this Republican Conference, and I believe every single Member of this House, understands how important Homeland Security funding is to protect this country and our citizens. 
the President of the United States last year, and perhaps the year before, took actions which we disagreed with, which I believe embarrassed this country, which I believe we were unprepared to fulfill the responsibilities, and that is directly related to issues of executive orders and ideas that he had about illegal immigration. 
feel passionately about the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States. It is the President of the United States who we believe has gone well past not only his constitutional 
authority, but the authority that I believe is vested in him: well and faithfully executing the laws of the country, which is his oath of office. 
in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. We are also going to follow the Constitution and pass it here today and tomorrow with the bill and send it to the United States Senate and let them deal with it. 
control in the Senate; otherwise, it might not even be heard with the other 360 pieces of legislation that the former head of the Senate decided not to take up in that body to debate or to have a vote on. 
the President’s unwise and unconstitutional executive amnesty plan. It is time for this House to fight, I believe, for what is a constitutional issue, and we are going to politely do this. There was no screaming and yelling on our side. We have great resolve. We have an understanding about what is in the best interest of the United States. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 27 O FFERED BY  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote 
a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member 
who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 180, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
elections and more than 6 years into the worst period after an economic crisis since the Great Depression. Despite some encouraging recent signs, jobs have not truly recovered. Wages have definitely not recovered. The rate of new business startups has not recovered. Instead, permanent exits from the labor force are at historic levels, real wages have fallen, and dependency on government assistance has increased. People have been giving up because they can’t find a confident path forward. 
In this recovery, we are not recovering; we are losing something precious. We are losing what has allowed this Nation to contribute more to human happiness than any other nation in history. We are losing the opportunity to live the American Dream. What is that dream? It is the dream that if you work hard, if you take responsibility for your life, if you reach for the opportunity that your human potential makes possible, you will be free to succeed. You will be free to pursue your happiness. And as you achieve that happiness, your children will have a better chance in life than you did. 
have been struggling, people whose jobs and wages have been disappearing, people who have been leaving the labor pool for the dependency pool, people who have seen no way possible to start a new business, can feel in their bones that this American Dream, the dream that they cherish and their children need, is slipping away. 
What is killing the American Dream? It is not ordinary Americans. It is 
not foreign enemies. It is not global phenomena. It is not natural disasters. More than anything else, it is the endless drain of resources that takes working people’s hardearned wages to Washington, and Washington’s endless erection of regulatory roadblocks in the path of opportunity and growth. 
Today, the combined economic burden of Federal taxation and regulation is over $3 trillion, almost 20 percent of our economy. Of that, the larger part is the burden of regulation—now estimated to reach at least $1.86 trillion. That Federal regulatory burden is larger than the 2013 gross domestic product of all but the top 10 countries in the world. It is half the size of Germany’s entire gross domestic product. It is more than onethird the size of Japan’s. Most important, that burden is $15,000 per American household, nearly 30 percent of average household income in 2013. 
but who can credibly say we need regulation that costs this much. 
competitive position in the world and create opportunity and prosperity for 
all Americans if the Federal Government continues to drop such a crushing weight on our economy. 
addresses head on the problem of endlessly escalating, excessive Federal regulatory costs, and it addresses it in clear, commonsense ways that we can all support because it is based on principles proven in bipartisan practice from Presidents of both parties since Ronald Reagan. 
some of the most important: require agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking alternative that meets statutory objectives; if needed to protect public health, safety, or welfare, allow flexibility to choose costlier rules, but make sure the added benefits justify the added costs; improve public outreach and agency factfinding to identify better, more efficient regulatory alternatives; require agencies to use the best reasonablyobtainable science; provide ontherecord but streamlined administrative hearings in the highest impact rulemakings—those that impose $1 billion or more in annual costs—so interested parties can subject critical evidence to crossexamination; require advanced notice of proposed major rulemakings to increase public input before costly agency positions are proposed and entrenched; strengthen judicial review of new agency regulations to make sure the Federal Courts can enforce these requirements. 
agency: Fulfill the statutory goals the United States Congress has set for you. Protect health. Protect safety. Protect consumers. Protect the vulnerable. You are free to do that, and you should do that whenever Congress gives you those orders, but as you achieve those goals, make sure you do it with better public input, bettertested information, and in the leastcostly way. 
what will start to happen? America will start to save hundreds of billions of dollars it doesn’t need to spend. That is real money that can be put to better use creating jobs and wages for our constituents, real money that hardworking Americans can use to start and grow their own businesses, real money that can be used to restore the American Dream, all without stopping a single needed regulation from being issued. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Members of the House, I strongly oppose H.R. 185, the socalled Regulatory Accountability Act. Under the guise of attempting to improve the regulatory process, H.R. 185 will, in truth, undermine that process. It invites increased industry intervention and imposes more than 60—6–0—new analytical requirements that could add years to the regulatory process. 
bill. As a result, H.R. 185 would seriously hamper the ability of government agencies to safeguard public health and safety, as well as environmental protections, workplace safety, and consumer financial protections. That is what we are debating at this moment. 
will undermine the public health, safety, and wellbeing of Americans. The ways in which it does it are almost too numerous to list here, but I will mention a few. 
laws that prohibit agencies from considering costs when public health and safety are at stake. Imagine, we would pass a law that would override critical laws that prohibit agencies from considering costs when public health and safety are at stake, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act. 
now be required to balance the costs of an air pollution standard with the costs of anticipated deaths and illnesses that will result in the absence of such regulations. 
this bill in the 112th Congress, one witness—our witness—testified that if this measure were in effect in the 1970s, the government ‘‘almost certainly would not have required the removal of most lead from gasoline until perhaps decades later.’’ 
This explains why numerous respected agencies, consumer organizations, public interest groups, labor movements, and environmental organizations all strongly oppose this dangerous legislation. 
For example, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards—consisting of more than 70 national public interest, labor, consumer, and environmental organizations—say the bill will ‘‘grind to a halt the rulemaking process at the core of implementing the Nation’s public health, workplace safety, and environmental standards.’’ 
Another organization, very much respected, the Natural Resources Defense Council, adds that the practical impact of the measure before us now, H.R. 185, 
‘‘would be to make it difficult, if not impossible, to put in place any new safeguards for the public, no matter what the issue.’’ 
Now, I am not sure if the authors of 
this measure understand the deep criticism and reservation that the scientific and academic community have about the practical impact of this measure. 
America states that H.R. 185 ‘‘would handcuff all Federal agencies in their efforts to protect consumers’’ and that it ‘‘would override important bipartisan laws that have been in effect for years, as well as more recentlyenacted laws to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive financial services, unsafe food, and unsafe consumer products.’’ 
dealing with here this day? Further, the AFL–CIO warns that the 
bill’s procedural and analytical requirements add years to the regulatory process—adds years to the regulatory process—delaying the development of major workplace safety rules and will ‘‘cost workers their lives.’’ 
As more than 80 highlyrespected administrative law academics and practitioners observe, the bill’s many illdefined new procedural and analytical requirements will engender ‘‘20 or 30 years of litigation before its requirements are clearly understood.’’ What do we have in mind? What is trying to be accomplished here? 
My next concern is that this legislation would give wellfunded business interests the opportunity to exert even greater influence over the rulemaking process and agencies. 
corporate and business interests to influence agency rulemaking far exceeds that by groups representing the public. In other words, the groups representing the public already have less influence to influence agency rulemaking, and we are here proposing in broad daylight to make it even worse, much worse. 
field, this measure will further tip the balance in favor of business interests by giving them multiple opportunities to intervene in the rulemaking process, including through less differential judicial review. 
faulty premise that regulations result in economically stifling costs, kill jobs, and promote uncertainty. 
While supporters of H.R. 185 will undoubtedly cite a study claiming the cost of regulation exceed $1.8 trillion, the Congressional Research Service, Center for Progressive Reform, and the Economic Policy Institute all found that a prior iteration of this study was based on incomplete and irrelevant data. 
at a hearing on nearly identical legislation clearly debunked this argument. Mr. Christopher DeMuth, who appeared on behalf of the conservative think tank American Enterprise Institute, testified that the employment effects of regulation ‘‘are indeterminant.’’ 
by proponents of this legislation—that regulatory uncertainty hurts businesses—has similarly been debunked. 
Bruce Bartlett, a senior policy analyst in the Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations observes: 
Regulatory uncertainty is a canard invented by Republicans that allows them to use current economic problems to pursue an agenda supported by the business community year in and year out. In other words, it is a simple case of political opportunism, not a serious effort to deal with high unemployment. 
who was a senior policy analyst in the Reagan administration, Bruce Bartlett. 
issued a strong veto threat just yesterday, stating that the bill ‘‘would impose unprecedented and unnecessary procedural requirements on agencies that will prevent them from efficiently performing their statutory responsibilities.’’ 
concerns, the supporters of H.R. 185 simply want to push forward without any hearings, markups, or deliberative process in this Congress with a bill that has absolutely no political viability. 
oppose this very dangerous legislation, and, Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ), who has 
worked with us across the aisle on this legislation for the last two Congresses. This issue goes back far before that as well. I want to thank him for his work on this. 
H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015. This is commonsense legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Our farmers, ranchers, and businesses are all feeling the burden of increased regulation, and we need to act to ensure that they are not regulated out of business. 
to pass legislation, but it is sometimes often even harder to get the regulations written correctly. Sometimes you don’t recognize the legislation that passed when they are done with it. Rather than following the intent of the law, we have seen interest groups using the regulatory process to interpret the law in their best interests. This should not be the case. 
H.R. 185 will create a more streamlined, transparent, and accountable regulatory process and give the American people a stronger voice in agency decisionmaking. Specifically, the bill requires agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking alternative, streamlines administrative hearings to provide for more stakeholder input, and provides for more judicial review of new agency regulations. 
Similar legislation received bipartisan support in the House in previous Congresses, and I urge my colleagues to again support these commonsense reforms. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia, HANKJOHNSON , a 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, and on behalf of my amendment to protect jobs. 
process through numerous analytical requirements. These requirements, which are largely opposed by the Nation’s leading administrative law experts, would cause years of delays in rulemaking or deregulate entire industries through rulemaking avoidance by agencies. 
185 would seriously undermine the critical role of agencies in protecting public health and safety, undermining protections across every regulated industry, from consumers’ health and product safety, environmental protections, workplace safety, to consumer financial protections. 
The only basis for this bill is the unsupported claims that regulations erode employment and economic growth. Contrary to my Republican colleagues’ assertion that regulations kill jobs, a wealth of unimpeachable, bipartisan evidence has repeatedly and effectively debunked this claim. 
The Office of Management and Budget estimated over the last decade that major regulations benefited the economy between $217 billion and $863 billion a year, at a mere cost of $57 billion to $84 billion. 
loss, ladies and gentlemen. Instead, they have produced billions of dollars in economic gains. In fact, a 2013 study from the San Francisco Federal Reserve found that since the recession, there is zero correlation between job growth and regulations. Moreover, the San Francisco Federal Reserve also found that there is no evidence showing that increased regulations and taxes have any effect on the unemployment rate. If anything, weak growth was due to weak consumer demand, not cost of regulations. Earlier studies by the New York Federal Reserve made similar findings. 
So what is the evidence that regulations harm the economy? The only evidence—literally, the one study supporting the faulty premise that regulations harm the economy—relied on for the absurd figures repeated by the proponents of this bill derives from a study roundly unproven by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, which found that the study’s cost figures were cherrypicked, inaccurate, and based on evidence from decades ago without contemporary value. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
very authors of this study have since repudiated its use in policy debates, and any of their claims should be discredited as ideologically driven. 
has roared back to life. Unemployment is falling at the fastest rate in three decades. Consumer and business spending have catalyzed the most growth in over a decade. Our Nation’s gross domestic product grew at 5 percent between July and September last year— 
the fastest since 2003—and that will continue to grow throughout this year. 
Americans have not felt the economic uptick that the top 1 percent have enjoyed, but that fact is not due to the cost of regulation but, rather, stagnant wage growth. 
economy is growing at its fastest rate. I would ask that my amendment, which has been ruled to be in order, will rule the day. I ask for your support. 
is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law of the House Judiciary Committee. 
strong support of H.R. 185, the proposed Regulatory Accountability Act. Simply put, this legislation requires Federal regulatory agencies to choose the lowest cost rulemaking alternative that meets the statutory objectives. 
the Judiciary Committee and the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law heard over and over again how these regulatory costs have been key factors that hold back our economic recovery and stand in the way of job creation. Our regulatory reform agenda for the 114th Congress begins today with the passage of the Regulatory Accountability Act. It is a good place to start. After all, it has been almost 70 years since enactment of the Administrative Procedure Act. Unfortunately, the act has never been modernized nor even amended in any material way. 
Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law, it is my honor to support Chairman GOODLATTE , and I urge 
Members to support H.R. 185, a bill that passed with strong bipartisan support in both the 112th and 113th Congress, so the bill can finally be given serious consideration in the new House, the U.S. Senate, and reach the President’s desk. 
creating, helping small businesses, and growing our economy, he will work with us and sign the Regulatory Accountability Act and other important regulatory reform measures into law. 
we deliver real and permanent regulatory solutions to create jobs. Doing that starts with passage of the Regulatory Accountability Act. 
with one thought. It is an example how the EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency, is doing what this bill tries to prevent. 
I live in the middle of five farms. I 
have been there for almost two decades. Just recently, the EPA has attempted to get more control over farmland by saying that if there is a rainstorm and there is a puddle, or a farmer even spills milk, through the Navigable Waters Act, EPA has control over that land. As I said, I have been living in the middle of five farms for a couple of decades, and I have yet to see as much as a rowboat go through those farmlands. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), one of our 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman, the distinguished ranking member, for yielding the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I would almost attempt to bring back ‘‘Swanee River,’’ or some old song that reflects ‘‘here we go again.’’ 
It has been recycled and it has been recycled. I believe the underlying premise of the bill is contrary to the values of the American people. This is proposed as a Regulatory Accountability Act to generate jobs and opportunity. I rise in opposition to a bill that stymies progress, hinders clean water and clean air, and provides mountainous obstacles to the national security of America. 
H.R. 185? The underlying premise of this bill is to require 70 new analytical requirements to the Administrative Procedure Act, and it requires Federal agencies to conduct an estimate of all indirect costs and benefits of proposed rules and all potential alternatives without providing any definition of what constitutes or does not constitute an indirect cost. 
Mr. Chairman, is there logic to saying that you are streamlining the APA process when you are adding a mountainous, tall, multifloor skyscraper of requirements? Is it accurate to suggest that you are making the process better when you are causing agencies of varying sizes already suffering from the restraints of the budgetcutting process of my friends on the other side of the aisle, are you suggesting that they can then analyze indirect costs and actually save money? 
We live in a climate and an era of difficult times. As a member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee, as our Secretary of Homeland Security has said, these are dangerous times. We have already indicated our sympathy for the people of France and viewed it as a wakeup call. Do you realize that some of the agencies facing this crisis will be Homeland Security, Health and 
Human Services? Does anyone recall the tragedy of Ebola and how quickly action was needed? 
process by increasing the procedural burdens for Federal agencies when they try to carry out their mandates. In fact, this is not helpful when we entrust our agency personnel to help protect the American people against threats near and far. 
Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, and, again, homeland security, all of these very important elements of safety for the American people will be undermined by H.R. 185. Today, Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to stand on the side of the American people and vigorously oppose H.R. 185. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 185, 
process by codifying many requirements included in presidential executive orders and requiring agencies to consider numerous new criteria when issuing rules, including alternatives to any rule proposal, the scope of the problem that the rule is meant to address, and potential costs and benefits of the proposal and alternatives. 
to the procedural burdens of federal agencies—making it harder for them to effectively carry out their missions. 
70 new analytical requirements to the Administrative Procedure Act and requires federal agencies to conduct an estimate of all the ‘‘indirect’’ costs and benefits of proposed rules and all potential alternatives without providing any definition of what constitutes or does not constitute an indirect cost. 
was a wakeup call—and we simply cannot delay, obfuscate, and slow down the regulatory process. 
Slows down the rulemaking process by significantly increasing the demands on already constrained agency resources to produce the analysis and findings that would be required to finalize any new rule. 
increasing the procedural burdens for federal agencies when they try to carry out their mandates. Mr. Chair, this is not helpful legislation when we entrust our agency personnel to help protect the American people against threats near and far such as franchise terrorism, keep our water clean, and our food safe. 
to petition the agency to hold a public hearing on any ‘‘genuinely disputed’’ scientific or factual conclusions underlying the proposed rule. 
measures for major guidance documents. In addition it makes it much harder for agencies to issue guidance, thus leading to increased regulatory uncertainty. 
Provides regulated industries and companies multiple opportunities to challenge agency data and science and thus further stretch out the already lengthy rulemaking process— again—undermining the process. 
‘‘least costly’’ rule unless it can demonstrate— out of all the possible alternative rules—that additional benefits justify any additional costs and offer a public health, safety, environmental, or welfare justification clearly drawn from the authorizing statute including such critical measures as the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act. 
This bill discourages agencies from rulemaking and from being able to do their jobs because judges are emboldened to substitute their own opinions for the findings of agencies. 
Expands the scope of judicial review. The Regulatory Accountability Act is designed to further obstruct and hinder rulemaking rather than improve the regulatory process. 
AGAINST the Regulatory Accountability Act and ensure that progress is not thwarted and government operations not unnecessarily delayed by this legislation. 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), 
Today, this House will vote on important bipartisan legislation designed to rein in costly Federal regulations. The Regulatory Accountability Act will modernize the Federal rulemaking process by directing the executive branch to fulfill its statutory goals in the least costly method and requires agencies to solicit input from, of all places, the public to find the most efficient regulatory solutions. 
is necessary because ineffective, inefficient regulations from Washington have increased prices, lowered wages, killed jobs, and made our Nation less competitive. There is no question that these regulations are hurting hardworking families in Michigan’s 11th District and throughout our great Nation. 
The facts on Washington’s overregulation are shocking. Federal regulations now impose an estimated burden of $1.86 trillion. That burden is suffocating America’s job creators. It equals roughly $15,000 per household and 11 percent of our gross domestic product. To make matters worse, the new regulations cooked up in Washington are often unnecessary and have unintended consequences. 
seen firsthand the devastating impact overregulation from Washington can have on our economy. We cannot expect our job providers to grow and hire more employees if Washington is creating uncertainty, surprises, and continuing to bury our businesses in costly regulations. 
with needless regulations is one less dollar that can be spent by families who are trying to put food on the table and make ends meet in a challenging economy. 
sent us here to work together to address the many challenges facing our Nation. They sent us here to craft solutions to create jobs and make opportunities for all Americans. 
So I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the Regulatory Accountability Act so we can begin to lift the burden of Federal regulations off the American people. It is time to get the government out of the way. 
pleased now to yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), a man who has served the 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I rise against the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, we have heard a lot 
about job growth. We just want to remind people that our economy has experienced job growth in excess of 200,000 for 11 consecutive months, a record that hadn’t been seen since the Clinton administration, and 58 consecutive months of private sector job growth, a string that hasn’t been seen in recorded history. 
strong regulatory protections are not mutually exclusive. In fact, regulations are often necessary to protect the investments the American taxpayer makes in our economy and to ensure stability, order, and safety inside and outside of the workplace. 
impose unnecessary burdens and delays on agencies seeking to issue or improve rules and regulations, burdensome delays that can threaten taxpayer dollars and the lives and health of workers. 
Mr. Chairman, I offered two amendments that would have improved the bill, but neither was accepted by the Rules Committee. The first would have insured that inspector general recommendations would not be subject to the potentially dangerous delays and extra hurdles found in the bill. 
independent watchdogs who investigate and seek out problems and inefficiencies in our government. For example, two alarming audits issued last year by the Department of Education’s inspector general found that criminal fraud rings were preying on money available through distance learning programs and that expensive, banksponsored debit cards were used to perpetuate waste, fraud, and abuse in the financial aid program. 
Fortunately, in both of these situations the inspector general urged the Department of Education to quickly issue new rules to ensure that billions of dollars aren’t wasted. 
Unfortunately, without my amendment, this bill would deeply impair the ability of the Department of Education and other agencies to address similar known abuses of taxpayers’ funds. 
Delays in inspector general recommendations can also threaten the 
lives and health of workers. For example, the Department of Labor’s inspector general found that the Mine Safety and Health Administration had a regulatory gap that allowed mine operators who habitually violated mine safety standards to easily avoid sanctions and continue to operate unsafe mines. 
these loopholes was seen at the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia, where 29 mine workers were killed in the largest coal mine disaster in the United States in 40 years. 
Following that disaster, the inspector general recommended fixes that would close these loopholes, and the administration quickly adopted new regulations that are estimated to prevent about 1,800 miner injuries every 10 years. Had this bill been in effect, these regulations might not have ever been adopted in a timely manner. 
My second amendment, Mr. Chairman, would have also strengthened protections of workers’ health and safety. The amendment would have exempted regulations or guidance proposed by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to prevent health care workers from contracting infectious diseases. 
possibly delay OSHA’s workforce protections and make it far more difficult for OSHA to prevent health care workers from contracting lethal infectious diseases. 
Under current regulations that govern OSHA’s rulemaking, it takes OSHA an average of 7 years to issue standards, and this bill could add another 3 years, possibly delaying and essentially shutting down OSHA’s ability to issue rules altogether. 
seriously compromise the ability of agencies to protect both taxpayers and workers, so I urge my colleagues to oppose the legislation. 
this time it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Regulatory Accountability Act. It is funny to me to stay here and listen to claims that the sky is going to fall if we just bring some common sense into how our Federal agencies promulgate rules. I want to ask, really? 
have in my hand is the Federal Register. It is not the Federal Register for the year or for a number of months. This is the Federal Register and the rules that have been promulgated just for this first week of January, just a week. 
2. It is a little slim, but you know, they had just gotten back in the office. 
January 6, so I think they are making up for it. 
This is just for the rest of the week. 
And believe it or not, that is actually a small stack compared to what happens when the juices really get flowing. 
stack. My challenge is, say I have a small business—and I do, actually. There are several small businesses in Lewis County, for example. It is a small area compared to the State of Washington, and they have got a lot of rural folks who work very hard, whether it is farms or familyowned businesses that they have been passing down. 
Centralia, they are responsible to know what is in this and the ones that come every single day after it for the entire year. 
about big corporations with legal departments and government affairs folks who are hired to comb through this. We are talking about momand pop shops. We are talking about 50 people or less. They have to dedicate a whole employee to knowing what is in here or they could be in violation of a Federal rule. 
I have heard it said that you are 400 
times more likely to come into contravention or violation of a Federal rule than a Federal law. So actually, it doesn’t just apply to small businesses. It applies to all of us. We better know what is in here. 
little bit of space for some common sense, and that is exactly what this bill does. 
you just have to take a few extra things into account, like the impacts on the economy, like the impacts on the cost for taxpayers. Do you know we are talking about $1.86 trillion on the U.S. economy every year? 
That is about $15,000 per every American household. That is real money. Fifteen, grand is a lot of money. That could provide a family of four in Castle Rock with groceries for 62 weeks. 
bring down this Federal bureaucracy, although some would appreciate it if we did. We are simply trying to bring some common sense into how they operate. 
Act delivers the reform that will make lives better for hardworking Americans and, hopefully, it will help them begin to recover a little bit of that $15,000 they are spending on unnecessary regulations. We can do this, Mr. Chairman. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
am happy to yield an additional minute to the gentlewoman from Washington. 
understand. The bill is very simple. It leaves intact and supports consumer protections and reasonable environmental impacts. It doesn’t jeopardize the health of our kids. Come on. Let’s use some common 
sense. It simply makes it easier for that family of four. It really does try and connect the Federal regulations with real lives of real Americans, and that is why this act is so important. 
Speaker. This isn’t some extreme idea. This is something that brings good government to the people. We are trying to serve the people, not be their masters, and I think this bill does just that. 
3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, a bill that puts us all in danger by making it harder for Federal regulators to do their job. 
that prevent big banks from gambling with our economy. Just as seriously, it would weaken the implementation of laws such as the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Clean Water Act that protect our environment, natural resources, and the public health of the American people. 
regulations impose huge costs and prevent economic growth. As other speakers have noted, these claims are not just untrue, they are fabrications. 
industries doesn’t save taxpayers money. When we fail to prevent pollution, we impose more costs on the public. Allowing unchecked emissions from coalfired power plants, for example, would mean more mercury and smog polluting our air and water, causing respiratory ailments and premature death. 
To see what happens when a government chooses to allow polluters to have their way, one need only to look at China. By burning coal without adequate air quality regulations, China caused an additional 670,000 deaths in 2012 alone, this according to a recent study by the National Resources Defense Council. 
massive drag at this time on the Chinese economy. This bill leads us down the same path. The Chinese model of economic growth at the expense of public health and the environment is not sustainable and does not represent American values. 
mandating environmental conservation and natural resource management through regulation. This bill does not repeal those laws, which have been a major benefit to the Nation, to the American people since they were enacted. Today’s bill just makes their implementation less efficient, more costly, more timeconsuming to the very industries it is allegedly trying to help. 
If this bill were to become law, annual regulations needed to open a fishery or establish fishing industry catch levels would be endlessly delayed. 
delay the Forest Service regulations needed to allow thinning projects and increase the potential for costly and deadly wildfires throughout the West. Each year, new fire seasons seem to break the record for financial costs and acres burned. This bill, if enacted, would make that cycle worse. 
money to the agencies facing these unnecessary, burdensome requirements. Instead, agencies like NOAA and the Department of the Interior will be forced to divert existing resources to develop and implement the regulations needed to fulfill this new congressional mandate. 
energy development on Federal lands, currently at an alltime high, will be delayed, as will be permits for other activities. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
making government more efficient. It is about making it impossible for many government agencies to do their jobs on behalf of the American people. In the name of regulatory reform, Republicans are intentionally cutting off the people who oversee our lands and waters at their knees. 
good idea ignore China’s example at their own peril. Federal agencies trying to keep us safe cannot do more with less. Instead of placing more burdens on Federal agencies, we should provide them with the resources they need to do their jobs better and faster and protect the American people. 
For all these reasons, I urge opposition to H.R. 185. 
this time I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
Obama administration released 300 new rules and regulations in the first 7 days of 2015. This is on top of over 3,500 new rules and regulations the administration created last year. 
We have got a problem in our country. Unelected regulators in Washington, D.C., are out of control. From your mortgage to your health care plan to your child’s lunchroom, and even your own backyard, the regulatory arms of this Capital are encroaching every facet of American life. 
of thousands of pages of regulations, many of which have a substantial effect on particular communities and industries across western Pennsylvania. Washington’s central planners are regulating solid, goodpaying jobs right out of existence. 
includes a provision I offered in the last Congress with my friend Mr. BARR of Kentucky. Our provision simply says 
that if a regulation decreases employment or wages by 1 percent or more in an industry, it will be subjected to heightened review and transparency requirements. 
The principle is simple: if bureaucrats implement rules that harm Americans’ wages or jobs, they must take responsibility for it. 
I am proud to support the bill, and I 
urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 185 and in holding Federal agencies accountable. 
Michigan has 5 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Virginia has 13 minutes remaining. 
side have not named one person, academic scholar, or organization that supports this measure. I would now like to identify the letters that we have received on our side that have been very critical—very disturbed—by the gross approach of the authors of this measure. 
is the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees. The AFL–CIO is opposed to this measure. The American Bar Association is opposed. The Americans for Financial Reform is opposed. 
is opposed. The Center for Progressive Reform is opposed. The Center for Responsible Lending is opposed. The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, representing more than 70 national consumer, public interest, labor, and environmental organizations and more than 80 State and local organizations and affiliates is opposed. 
is opposed. The Consumers Union is opposed to this measure. The Natural Resources Defense Council does not support this measure. Public Citizen is opposed to this. United Steelworkers is opposed. The Union of Concerned Scientists is opposed. The United States PIRG, which is the Public Interest Research Group, is opposed. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
Michigan has raised the issue of support for this legislation because there is a lot of it. I have in front of me a list of 156 organizations that support this legislation. They cover a wide array of organizations, of groups, of businesses, of small business associations, and of chambers of commerce. 
I will name just a few: the 60 Plus Association, the Indoor Environment & Energy Efficiency Association, the Aggregate and Ready Mix Association of Minnesota, the American Architectural 
Manufacturers Association, the American Chemistry Council, the American Coatings Association, the American Composites Manufacturers Association, the American Concrete Pressure Pipe Association, the American Council of Engineering Companies, the American Council of Independent Laboratories, the American Exploration & Mining Association, the American Forest & Paper Association, the American Foundry Society, the American Fruit and Vegetable Processors and Growers Coalition, the American Highway Users Alliance, the American Iron and Steel Institute, the American Loggers Council, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association, the American Subcontractors Association, the American Supply Association, the American Trucking Associations, the American Wholesale Marketers Association, the American Wood Council. 
through the A’s on this list which covers, as I say, a wide array of organizations that is interested in manufacturing goodquality products for Americans and in providing services, like architectural services and others. I want to make sure that everyone understands that there is broadbased support for this. 
misimpression left by some of the speakers on the other side who have pointed to a study that we have not relied upon for the basis of this legislation. I want to call to everyone’s attention—in fact, at the appropriate time, I will request that it may be made a part of the RECORD —a study from the Competitive Enterprise Institute, CEI, entitled—not the 10 Commandments, which we are all familiar with—but ‘‘Ten Thousand Commandments, An Annual Snapshot of the Federal Regulatory State,’’ by Clyde Wayne Crews, Jr., which has provided valuable information with regard to this. 
Oh, this is going to add a tremendous burden to the regulators when they write these regulations. 
I can tell you we don’t have 160 different organizations supporting this legislation because they think their regulatory burden is too low; they think the burden is too high and that not enough energy and effort is going in on the part of those regulators to pay attention to what they are doing when they write regulations. 
things that this bill requires, and let me just read a few of them to you. 
has considered the specific nature and significance of the problem the agency may address with a rule . . . 
It seems to make pretty good common sense that, if you are going to write a regulation, you should be 
studying and understanding the nature of the problem you are supposed to be addressing with the regulation. 
in whole or in part; documentation that the agency has considered reasonable alternatives for a new rule or other response identified by the agency or interested persons; documentation that the agency has considered the alternative of no Federal re spons e...  
considered the potential direct costs and benefits associated with potential alternative rules and other responses; documentation that the agency has estimated impacts on jobs that are associated with potential alternative rules and other responses. 
throughout, and they are commonsense reforms. In fact, they are so common sense that many of these were initiated by President Reagan, and many of these have been carried forward by subsequent administrations, including the current administration. 
hide the ball on the American people when you write regulations. Provide the documentation of how you wrote the regulation, what you considered when you wrote the regulation, whether or not that regulation is the most costeffective way to do it, and whether or not the regulation is even needed at all. These are commonsense reforms, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
last evening, the President of the United States indicated that he will not sign this bill, that he will veto it if it were to pass, and I am hoping that that doesn’t happen. 
would create needless regulatory and legal uncertainty and would further impede the implementation protections for the American public. 
process more expensive, less flexible, and more burdensome, dramatically increasing the costs of regulation of the American taxpayer and working class families. 
we have to debate here. I am hopeful that the logic, the rationale, the threat of the executive branch to veto the bill will all cause us to carefully consider how unnecessary this measure is. I urge that we not support H.R. 185. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), the vice chairman of the 
Government and Federal regulations take a heavy toll on businesses of all sizes. That toll isn’t just financial; it is 
also stress, it is also time, it is also emotional. Dealing with the government is difficult. Just the dollarsand cents cost of Federal regulation has been estimated at $1.86 trillion—or so the expert tells me. That adds up to roughly $15,000 per household. 
bureaucrats to put that much weight on the shoulders of the American people without making all efforts to minimize the costs and give the people of south Texas and everywhere in this country the opportunity and a chance to weigh in. 
how onerous EPA and Department of the Interior and other regulations have slowed job growth and the American energy boom, costing our domestic energy companies millions of dollars. 
back on the table when it comes to regulations and would ensure that the economic costs are fully considered and minimized. We have a lot of work to do to peel back some of the needless, overburdensome regulations that are strangling our businesses, but this bill will help us plug the hole in the boat while we get rid of—start pumping out—some of the water. 
The other side likes to say that it is 
going to make it more difficult to regulate. It is supposed to be difficult to enact laws and regulations. We have to pass something out of the House, and we have got to pass something out of the Senate and get it signed by the President to enact a law; but a bureaucrat can do it, basically, with the stroke of a pen and a publication in the Federal Register. 
curb that. We need less government, fewer laws, fewer regulations—and not more. 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chairman of the subcommittee. 
the worst of both worlds: more regulation and less scrutiny. 
the Government Accountability Office found that 35 percent of major rules were issued without the opportunity for public comment. The GAO also found a lack of responsiveness. In the case of one ObamaCare regulation— one—4,627 comments were received, but no responses were issued. 
hit small manufacturers, which incur regulatory costs of $34,671 per year, per employee—more than three times that of the average American economy. Our energy boom is a perfect example of failed regulatory policy. 
know Federal versus State boundaries, but it takes 10 times as long for the Federal Government to issue a permit as it does the States. As a result, oil and gas production is going up sharply 
of red tape. In its first 4 years, ObamaCare’s effects on small business amounted to $1.9 billion in regulatory costs and in 11.3 million hours of compliance. This amounts to a regulatory tax of 3 to 5 percent. Again, this is the cost of just one law’s regulations. 
yield myself the balance of my time and urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation which will help to rein in the excessive power of the executive branch of the Federal Government and provide for common sense being brought to the writing of Federal Government regulations, saving American taxpayers and consumers billions if not trillions of dollars. It is badly needed. It is long overdue. 
legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Office (CBO) reported outlays for fiscal year (FY) 2013 of $3.454 trillion and projected spending for FY 2014 at $3.543 trillion. Meanwhile, President Barack Obama’s federal budget proposal for FY 2015 seeks $3.901 trillion in discretionary, entitlement, and interest spending. In the previous fiscal year, the president had proposed outlays of $3.778 trillion. Despite high debt and deficits, we have been unable to avoid entering the era of $4 trillion in annual spending. 
We experienced trillion dollar deficits between 2009 and 2012, and CBO projects that deficits will exceed $1 trillion again by FY 2022. Trillion dollar deficits were once unimaginable. Such sums signified the level of budgets themselves, not of shortfalls. Yet at no point is spending projected to balance in the coming decade. President Obama’s 2015 budget projects deficits that are smaller than recent heights—with 2014’s claimed $649 billion to fall to $413 billion in 2018—before heading back into the CBOpredicted stratosphere. 
make up a greater share of their national output, compared with 20 percent for the U.S. government, but in absolute terms, the U.S. government is the largest government on the planet. Only four other nations top $1 trillion in annual government revenues, and none but the United States collects more than $2 trillion. 
and deficits is sobering. Yet the government’s reach extends well beyond Washington’s taxes, deficits, and borrowing. Federal environmental, safety and health, and economic regulations cost hundreds of billions— perhaps trillions—of dollars annually in addition to the official federal outlays that dominate policy debate. 
taxes along to consumers. Likewise, some regulatory compliance costs that businesses face will find their way into the prices that consumers pay and out of the wages workers 
fully known because, unlike taxes, they are unbudgeted and often indirect. But scattered government and private data exist about scores of regulations and about the agencies that issue them, as well as data about estimates of regulatory costs and benefits. Compiling some of that information can make the regulatory state somewhat more comprehensible. That compilation is one purpose of the annual Ten Thousand Commandments report, highlights of which follow: 
Among the five alltimehigh Federal Register page counts, four have occurred under President Obama. 
rules—sometimes far above that level— means that 87,282 rules have been issued since 1993. 
There were 51 rules for every law in 2013. 
The ‘‘Unconstitutionality Index,’’ the ratio of regulations issued by agencies to laws passed by Congress and signed by the president, stood at 51 for 2013. Specifically, 72 
laws were passed in calendar year 2013, whereas 3,659 rules were issued. This disparity highlights the excessive delegation of lawmaking power to unelected agency officials. 
Costberg,’’ which is largely based on federal government data, estimates regulatory compliance and economic impacts at $1.863 trillion nnually. 
regulatory hidden tax, thereby ‘‘absorbing’’ 23 percent of the average income of $65,596, and ‘‘pay’’ 29 percent of the expenditure budget of $51,442. The ‘‘tax’’ exceeds every item in the budget except housing. More is ‘‘spent’’ on embedded regulation than on health care, food, transportation, entertainment, apparel and services, and savings. 
half the level of the federal budget itself. Regulatory costs of $1.863 trillion amount to 11.1 percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP), which was estimated at $16.797 trillion in 2013 by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. 
federal FY 2013 outlays of $3.454 trillion, the federal government’s share of the entire economy now reaches 31 percent. The regulatory ‘‘hidden tax’’ surpasses the income tax. Regulatory compliance costs exceed the 2013 estimated total individual income tax revenues of $1.234 trillion. 
the 2013 estimated corporate income tax revenues of $288 billion and approach corporate pretax profits of $2.19 trillion. 
be the 10th largest economy, ranked between India and Italy. 
Australia and Canada, the highestincome nations among the countries ranked most free in the annual Index of Economic Freedom and Economic Freedom of the World reports. 
University in St. Louis, Missouri, and the Regulatory Studies Center at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., jointly estimate that agencies spent $57.3 billion (on budget) to administer and police the federal regulatory enterprise. Adding the $1.863 trillion in offbudget compliance costs brings the total regulatory enterprise to $1.92 trillion. 
to final rules rose to a record high of 26,417. 
15,177 executive orders have been issued. President Obama issued 181 as of the end of 
major rules annually during his eight years in office; Obama’s five years so far have averaged 81. 
Although there are over 3,500 rules annually, public notices in the Federal Register exceed 24,000 annually, with uncounted ‘‘guidance documents’’ among them. There were 24,261 notices in 2013 and 477,929 since 1995. 
Plan and the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions’’ (which lists federal regulatory actions at various stages of implementation), 63 federal departments, agencies, and commissions have 3,305 regulations at various stages of implementation. 
are ‘‘economically significant’’ rules, which the federal government defines as imposing at least $100 million in annual costs. Assuming that those rulemakings are primarily regulatory implies roughly $19 billion yearly in future offbudget regulatory effects. 
669 affect small businesses. Of those, 391 required a regulatory flexibility analysis: 278 were otherwise noted by agencies to affect small businesses. 
The five most active ruleproducing agencies—the Departments of the Treasury, Interior, Commerce, Transportation, and Health and Human Services—account for 1,451 rules, or 44 percent of all rules in the Unified Agenda pipeline. 
(EPA), which was formerly consistently in the top five, is now sixth, but adding its 179 rules brings the total from the top six rulemaking agencies to 1,630 rules, or 49.3 percent of all federal rules. 
The most recent Small Business Administration (SBA) evaluation of the overall U.S. federal regulatory enterprise estimated annual regulatory compliance costs of $1.752 trillion in 2008. Earlier SBA reports pegged costs at $1.1 trillion in 2005 and at $843 billion in 2001. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) agreed with those figures at the time. Meanwhile, a subset of 115 selected major rules reviewed during 2002–2012 by the OMB notes cumulative annual costs of between $57 billion and $84 billion. 
from 1998 to 2001—the first since 1969—seems like ancient history in today’s debt and deficitdrenched policy setting, as the CBO projects annual deficits of hundreds of billions of dollars over the coming decade. When it comes to stimulating a limping economy, reducing deficits and relieving regulatory burdens are key to the nation’s economic health. Otherwise, budgetary pressures can incentivize lawmakers to impose offbudget regulations on the private sector, rather than add to unpopular deficit spending. A new government program—for example, job training—would require either increasing government spending or imposing new regulations requiring such training. Unlike onbudget spending, the latter regulatory costs remain largely hidden from public view, which makes regulation increasingly attractive to lawmakers. 
already neglected; thus, at minimum, some thirdparty review is needed. Like federal spending, regulations and their costs should be tracked and disclosed annually. Then, periodic housecleaning should be performed. 
that it largely relies on agency selfpolicing. Having agencies audit their own rules is like 
asking students to grade their own exams. Regulators are disinclined to emphasize when a rule’s benefits do not justify the costs involved. In fact, one could expect new and dubious categories of benefits to emerge to justify an agency’s rulemaking activity. 
systematic overdelegation of rulemaking power to agencies. Requiring expedited votes on economically significant or controversial agency rules before they become binding would reestablish congressional accountability and would help affirm a principle of ‘‘no regulation without representation.’’ 
Openness about regulatory facts and figures can be bolstered through federal ‘‘regulatory report cards,’’ similar to the presentation in Ten Thousand Commandments. These could be officially issued each year to distill information for the public and policy makers about the scope of the regulatory state. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to impose— 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, local, or tribal government agencies, or geographic regions; 
that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to impose an annual cost on the economy of $1,000,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for inflation; 
rule’ means any rule that the agency that made the rule or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines is likely to— 
that has a 6digit code under the North American Industry Classification System, reduce employment not related to new regulatory compliance by 1 percent or more annually during the 1year, 5year, or 10year period after implementation; 
that has a 6digit code under the North American Industry Classification System, 
reduce average weekly wages for employment not related to new regulatory compliance by 1 percent or more annually during the 1year, 5year, or 10year period after implementation; 
defined in the Current Population Survey conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) in which the most recent annual unemployment rate for the industry area is greater than 5 percent, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Current Population Survey, reduce employment not related to new regulatory compliance during the first year after implementation; or 
the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs finds is likely to lead to— 
consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, local or tribal government agencies, or geographic regions; 
section 515 of Public Law 106–554, the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001, and guidelines issued by the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs or other agencies pursuant to the Act; and 
rule making, an agency shall make all preliminary and final factual determinations based on evidence and consider, in addition to other applicable considerations, the following: 
may be proposed, including whether a rule making is required by statute, and if so, whether by a specific date, or whether the agency has discretion to commence a rule making. 
the problem the agency may address with a rule (including the degree and nature of risks the problem poses and the priority of addressing those risks compared to other matters or activities within the agency’s jurisdiction), whether the problem warrants new agency action, and the countervailing risks that may be posed by alternatives for new agency action. 
contributed to the problem the agency may address with a rule and whether those rules could be amended or rescinded to address the problem in whole or part. 
rule or other response identified by the agency or interested persons, including not only responses that mandate particular conduct or manners of compliance, but also— 
tribal regulatory action or other responses that could be taken in lieu of agency action; and 
‘‘(iv) incorporate other innovative alternatives rather than agency actions that specify conduct or manners of compliance. 
ORPOLICY ISSUES .—In the case of a rule making for a major rule, a highimpact rule, a negativeimpact on jobs and wages rule, or a rule that involves a novel legal or policy issue arising out of statutory mandates, not later than 90 days before a notice of proposed rule making is published in the Federal Register, an agency shall publish advance notice of proposed rule making in the Federal Register. In publishing such advance notice, the agency shall— 
problem the agency may address with a rule, including data and other evidence and information on which the agency expects to rely for the proposed rule; 
may be proposed, including whether a rule making is required by statute, and if so, whether by a specific date, or whether the agency has discretion to commence a rule making; 
and metrics by which the agency will measure progress toward that objective; 
60 days for interested persons to submit such written data, views, or argument to the agency. 
the agency on the subject and issues of the proposed rule, including but not limited to— 
assessment or regulatory impact analysis performed by the agency; and 
all data, studies, models, and other evidence or information considered or used by the agency in connection with its determination to propose the rule; 
and metrics by which the agency will measure progress toward that objective; 
‘‘(iii) whether those alternatives meet relevant statutory objectives; and 
rules have created or contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the proposed rule; and 
‘‘(ii) if so, whether or not the agency proposes to amend or rescind any such rules, and why. 
shall be placed in the docket for the proposed rule and made accessible to the public by electronic means and otherwise for the public’s use when the notice of proposed rule making is published. 
required by this section, the agency shall provide interested persons an opportunity to participate in the rule making through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation, except that— 
days for interested persons to submit written data, views, or argument (or 120 days in the case of a proposed major or highimpact rule). 
petition, determine without further process to exclude from the rule making the evidence or other information that is the subject of the petition and, if appropriate, withdraw the proposed rule. The agency shall promptly publish any such determination. 
prima facie case that evidence or other information upon which the agency bases the proposed rule fails to comply with the Information Quality Act, hold the requested hearing not later than 30 days after receipt of the petition, provide a reasonable opportunity for crossexamination at the hearing, and decide the issues presented by the petition not later than 60 days after receipt of the petition. The agency may deny any petition that it determines does not present such a prima facie case. 
under this paragraph shall not preclude judicial review of any claim based on the Information Quality Act under chapter 7 of this title. 
predicate for the rule is supported by the evidence. 
to the proposed rule that would achieve the relevant statutory objectives at a lower cost than the proposed rule, which alternative would achieve the relevant statutory objectives at the lowest cost. 
who has participated in the rule making, other issues relevant to the rule making, unless the agency determines that consideration of the issues at the hearing would not advance consideration of the rule or would, in light of the nature of the need for agency action, unreasonably delay completion of the rule making. An agency shall grant or deny a petition under this paragraph within 30 days of its receipt of the petition. 
No later than 45 days before any hearing held 
adopt a rule only following consultation with the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs to facilitate compliance with applicable rule making requirements. 
the basis of the best reasonably obtainable scientific, technical, economic, and other evidence and information concerning the need for, consequences of, and alternatives to the rule. 
more costly than the least costly alternative that would achieve the relevant statutory objectives only if the additional benefits of the more costly rule justify its additional costs and only if the agency explains its reason for doing so based on interests of public health, safety or welfare that are clearly within the scope of the statutory provision authorizing the rule. 
shall publish a notice of final rule making. The notice shall include— 
contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the rule; or 
contributed to the problem the agency seeks to address with the rule, and, if so— 
existing rules is not alone sufficient to respond to the problem; and 
to amend or rescind the existing rule separate from adoption of the rule; 
appropriate in light of the full administrative record and the agency did not deviate from those metrics; 
rule, or negativeimpact on jobs and wages rule, the agency’s plan for review of the rule no less than every ten years to determine whether, based upon evidence, there remains a need for the rule, whether the rule is in fact achieving statutory objectives, whether the rule’s benefits continue to justify its costs, and whether the rule can be modified or rescinded to reduce costs while continuing to achieve statutory objectives; and 
‘‘(ii) review of a rule under a plan required 
wages rule, a statement that the head of the agency that made the rule approved the rule knowing about the findings and determination of the agency or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs that qualified the rule as a negative impact on jobs and wages rule. 
connection with its adoption of the rule, and, at the discretion of the President or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, information provided by that Office in consultations with the agency, shall be placed in the docket for the rule and made accessible to the public for the public’s use no later than when the rule is adopted. 
hearing is required by statute, the following do not apply to interpretive rules, general statements of policy, or rules of agency organization, procedure, or practice: 
the agency and any additional information presented by a party that the court determines necessary to consider to assure justice. 
required publication or service of a substantive final or interim rule shall be made not less than 30 days before the effective date of the rule, except— 
for good cause found and published with the rule. 
give an interested person the right to petition for the issuance, amendment, or repeal of a rule. 
Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall establish guidelines for the assessment, including quantitative and qualitative assessment, of the costs and benefits of proposed and final rules and other economic issues or issues related to risk that are relevant to rule making under this title. The rigor of costbenefit analysis required by such guidelines shall be commensurate, in the Administrator’s determination, with the economic impact of the rule. 
making, the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall— 
action to ensure that rule makings conducted in whole or in part under procedures specified in provisions of law other than 
those of subchapter II of this title conform to the fullest extent allowed by law with the procedures set forth in section 553 of this title; and 
shall include in the record for a rule making, and shall make available by electronic means and otherwise, all documents and information prepared or considered by the agency during the proceeding, including, at the discretion of the President or the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, documents and information communicated by that Office during consultation with the Agency. 
ISSUE MAJOR GUIDANCE; PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY TO ISSUE GUIDELINES FOR ISSUANCE OF GUIDANCE. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553 the following new section: 
major guidance; authority to issue guidelines for issuance of guidance 
guidance that involves a novel legal or policy issue arising out of statutory mandates, an agency shall— 
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs on the issuance of such guidance to assure that the guidance is reasonable, understandable, consistent with relevant statutory and regulatory provisions and requirements or 
costs that are unjustified by the guidance’s benefits, and is otherwise appropriate. 
relied upon by an agency as legal grounds for agency action; 
permanent manner that it is not legally binding; and 
request, be made available by the issuing agency to interested persons and the public by electronic means and otherwise. 
Agencies shall avoid the issuance of guidance that is inconsistent or incompatible with, or duplicative of, the agency’s governing statutes or regulations, with the goal of minimizing the potential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty. 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
major guidance; authority to issue guidelines for issuance of guidance.’’. 
Section 706 of title 5, United States Code is 
agency did not comply with the procedures of section 553 or sections 556–557 of chapter 5 of this title to issue the interpretation; 
taking into account whatever in the record fairly detracts from the weight of the evidence relied upon by the agency to support its decision.’’. 
title, shall not apply to any rule makings pending or completed on the date of enactment of this Act. 
bill is in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–2. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Page 8, line 8, strike ‘‘and economic competitiveness’’ and insert the following: ‘‘economic competitiveness, and impacts on low income populations’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 27, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) and a Member 
amendment is simple. It ensures that agencies must take into consideration the impacts on lowincome communities when they develop regulations. 
executive order from President Clinton that was intended to protect lowincome populations from the negative effects of regulations. 
impact on families, regardless of their race or ethnicity. What makes sense on a bureaucrat’s desk in Washington does not always work in the real world. In fact, these regulations are hurting people, especially in economically depressed communities. People have lost jobs and are facing increasing prices for energy, food, health care, and more. 
not just statistics. They are fellow Americans. We need to show compassion towards them, especially those most vulnerable. 
costing our economy $1.8 trillion each year, costing the average family $15,000. So what does that mean for the 
farmer in San Joaquin Valley, California, or the coal miner in Hazard, Kentucky, or the widow on a fixed income in Marietta, Ohio? They are worried about providing for their families. What happens if they lose their livelihood because of a new regulation? 
are writing these excessive regulations are seemingly focused on saving the world but are forgetting what is happening to American families. I want them to understand the impact they are having on people’s lives. 
born by people who can least afford it, not by the agencies writing the regulations. These bureaucrats should get out from behind their desks and come to communities in West Virginia and Georgia and Montana and across the Nation that are still struggling economically. 
and the energy industry. Excessive regulations are hurting farmers, manufacturers, health care workers, and small businesses of every kind. 
Rather than blindly issuing regulations in pursuit of an ideological goal, agencies should stop and consider what they are doing, be more empathetic, take into account what would happen to a family that is living paycheck to paycheck or a senior on fixed income. 
country believe that no one in Washington really cares about them. This amendment will help change that perception. Let’s show some compassion to people and families that are struggling. 
that the Federal agencies truly, truly take into consideration those that bear the burden of these regulations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
McKinley amendment—as bad as things already are in the bill—adds an additional requirement to the bill’s more than 60 analytical new requirements for the rulemaking process by requiring agencies to also consider economic competitiveness and impact on lowincome populations in the rulemaking process. Now, the AFL–CIO, Public Citizen, and Coalition for Sensible Safeguards all oppose this amendment because it is redundant and inflexible. 
of existing requirements. Executive Order 12898 already protects both low income communities and communities of color. That executive order already requires agencies to take into account distributional impacts on these populations. So I want you to know that this is not the way to go. This amendment makes a totally unacceptable bill 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would have devastating impacts and consequences for minority and lowincome populations. Under Executive Order 12898, agencies already must account for the impact of rulemaking on both of these communities. 
The amendment, which makes no accommodation for minority populations, would override existing protections while the underlying bill would override every law protecting the public interest in the rulemaking process. 
changes would be a nightmare for vulnerable populations and endangered communities. That is why the AFL– CIO, along with 70 other public interest groups, opposes this amendment and the underlying bills. 
rattled off by the other side for this bill. They were all trade groups that would benefit financially from this bill. No academics or others of objective opinions were mentioned, and I think the public should note that. 
My colleague from Illinois, Representative BOBBY RUSH, offered an 
amendment to this bill specifically to protect these communities by promoting environmental justice. If the majority was serious about protecting these communities, they would have accepted the Rush amendment instead of attempting to mislead the public through a gotcha amendment such as this. 
protecting the American people, we wouldn’t be considering this dangerous, misguided, and ideologically driven piece of legislation. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
hear from the other side of the aisle about how lowincome people are being taken care of already because the President of the United States has told these agencies to ‘‘take into account their status.’’ But guess what? That has no judicial enforceability. So if a lowincome person really wants to seek redress of their grievances through a regulation that is going to cost them their job, cost them their business, whatever the case might be, they have no recourse to the courts. Among those who suffer most unfairly from overreaching regulations are lowerincome families and individuals. 
of entities supporting this. But these are all jobcreating organizations. I haven’t heard of many jobcreating organizations who are opposed to this legislation. 
policy preferences of elites and proregulatory advocates. Recent regulations aimed at driving down the use of coal and other fossil fuels are an example of this. 
what policy elites too often ignore, is that the costs of new regulations often have regressive effects on those with lower incomes. For example, when electricity rates go up because Federal regulators clamp down on the use of cheap energy, real money that lower income households need to secure better housing, better educational choices, or other essential needs goes instead to pay for unnecessarily excessive regulations. 
This is unfair. Agencies should be required to identify and reveal the unseen adverse effects of proposed new regulations on lowincome households. The gentleman’s amendment accomplishes this important goal. 
closing, we just heard the chairman talk about, this is an executive order. And I have heard from folks on the other side that this is an executive order. Perhaps it is time to codify this executive order. 
make it the rule; make it a law. This amendment will accomplish that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. It would not change the bill’s overarching regulatory purpose, nor does it address the many concerns expressed by scores of public interest groups that strenuously oppose the bill. 
I think the President is very sensitive to the working class, the poor, and minorities especially, and I enjoy hearing this commentary coming from the other side of the aisle. 
protecting the lowincome population, it would have made in order the amendment offered by our colleague from Illinois, BOBBY RUSH, to promote 
environmental justice. The Rush amendment would have safeguarded existing protections while mitigating the devastating consequences of H.R. 185 on both minority and lowincome populations. 
and the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards all oppose the McKinley amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment. 
its fastest pace in years, while unemployment is dropping rapidly. According to the most recent reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employers added 252,000 jobs in December, exceeding expectations and driving the unemployment rate down to 5.6 percent, the lowest level since the recession. 
straight months of positive jobs growth over the last 6 years, Mr. Chairman. And this is an important consideration when you consider the faulty premise being offered in support of the underlying legislation here, that regulations hurt business and hurt job growth. They do not. 
this rapid growth and progress continues by exempting from H.R. 185 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. 
have complained in today’s debate about a regulatory system that costs American families $15,000 in annual costs. These figures rely on debunked 
sources from studies that do not assume current economic conditions or even account for the benefits of regulations. 
worth of socalled regulations by one of my colleagues on the other side a short while ago purporting to show the sheer volume of regulations that were issued in 1 week when, in fact, a lot of those papers had to do with 34 final rules published during that period, 31 proposed rules—many of which were minor in nature—and 277 notices of administrative minutia such as public meetings, when and where public meetings were to be held, and also the availability of letters regarding sunscreen products. 
So it really tries to mislead by holding up a stack and contending that one business in one particular area has to comply with all of these socalled regulations that are purported to be in a stack of papers. That is just not true. It is misleading to the public. 
have been largely administrative and minor. For instance, the Federal Aviation Administration has issued rules concerning airworthiness directives while the Coast Guard has issued its routine rules for bridge opening schedules. 
bridges should be opening and how to open and how to warn people, do you think we could claim ourselves to be living in such a civilized society as the one we live in? 
We have got to have rules. I will take 
note of the fact that when I went to kindergarten, we had a set of rules up on the board. Everywhere you go, you are going to have a set of rules: the rules of the Federal Government— which are vast and broad—foreign policy, domestic policy, space, cyberspace. 
is not a great country because it chose simplicity as its model. We have a lot of rules that we have to live by, and those are the things that help make America a great country. 
is you and your family members and friends who populate this Federal Government. You are the ones who are the rulemakers. They want to try to turn you into people who are trying to do something to hurt others when the only thing you are trying to do is do your job that will help others be able to live lives and create a better America for ourselves and, most importantly, our children. 
regulations are hurting you. Regulations are causing what benefits you are taking advantage of now. These are the very rules that undergird our Nation’s regulatory system and successful day today operations. 
rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
the point just raised by the gentleman from Georgia, I want to quote Daniel Webster, who is also quoted right up there above us in the Chamber. 
say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dangers of good intentions. There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters.’’ 
from Georgia’s concerns about the impact of regulations on the people and on their jobs, but the right way to address that concern is to join me in supporting this bill. It includes the RothfusBarr amendment added to the legislation in the 113th Congress that requires agencies to do a much better job identifying adverse job impacts before they impose the regulations. 
The gentleman’s amendment represents the wrong way to address job concerns. That is because it would give the executive branch a strong incentive to manipulate its jobs impact and cost benefit analysis to avoid the requirements of the bill, including the RothfusBarr amendment, rather than comply with that requirement. 
before the horse, offering carveouts from the bill, based on factors that cannot be determined adequately unless the important analytical requirements in the bill are applied in the first place. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
HELP EXPLAIN SMALL FIRMS’ DISPROPOR TIONATE JOBLOSSES DURING DOWNTURN  
New York today released Why Small Businesses Were Hit Harder by the Recent Recession, the latest article in the Current Issues in Economics and Finance series from the Research and Statistics Group. 
and poor sales were the main reasons why small firms experienced steeper job declines than large firms during the 2007–09 downturn, according to analysis in the article. Furthermore, although tightened access to credit and adverse financial conditions also constrained small firms, a more pressing factor was the decline in new investment and associated financing brought on by low consumer demand for the firms products and services. 
jobs declined 10.4 percent in small firms (those with fewer than fifty employees). compared with 7.5 percent in large ones. 
Kitao, Anna Cororaton and Sergiu Laiu seek to account for the downturn’s disproportionate effect on small firms. The authors review data on employment patterns and industry composition of firms by size. They 
availability and firm performance by analyzing national surveys and established data series on economic activity and business conditions. 
The authors determine that industry composition of job losses fails to explain the deeper job declines among small firms, as these businesses were hit harder than large ones regardless of industry. And while some small firms indeed experienced limited credit availability, this factor was a secondary driver of the difficulties they encountered. 
Rather, the authors concluded that demand factors—notably, economic uncertainty and poor sales owing to reduced consumer demand—were the most important reasons for the weak performance and sluggish recovery of small firms. 
Ays¸egu¨l S¸abin is an assistant vice president, Sagiri Kitao a senior economist, and Anna Cororaton an assistant economist in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Research and Statistics Group; Sergiu Laiu is an associate business support analyst in the Markets Group. 
employment from 2007 to 2009? Why has employment remained stubbornly low? Survey data from the National Federation of Independent Businesses show that the decline in statelevel employment is strongly correlated with the increase in the percentage of businesses complaining about lack of demand. While business concerns about government regulation and taxes also rose steadily from 2008 to 2011, there is no evidence (hat job losses were larger in states where businesses were more worried about these factors. 
Understanding the large and persistent decline in employment in the United States during the Great Recession of 2007–09 remains one the most vexing challenges in macroeconomics. While there are many potential explanations, three have garnered substantial support among economists: 
job losses were driven by a sharp decline in consumer spending due to high debt levels and the housing crash (Mian and Sufi 2012). 
businesses were unable to get credit because of continued troubles in the banking sector. Creditstarved businesses can’t pursue potentially profitable projects, reducing their hiring. 
This Economic Letter tests these alternative views using statelevel data from National Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB) monthly small business surveys (Dunkelberg and Wade 2012). One enlightening survey question asks what is the single most important problem facing the respondent’s business. Potential answers include taxes, inflation, poor sales, financing and interest rates, cost of labor, government requirements and red tape, competition from large businesses, quality of labor, costs or availability of insurance, and other. The NFIB has generously provided us quarterly responses by state. AGGREGATE EVIDENCE  
Figure 1 plots the percentage of respondents by quarter citing poor sales, regulation and taxes, or financing and interest rates as their most important problem. The regulation and taxes category includes businesses citing either ‘‘taxes’’ or ‘‘government requirements and red tape.’’ Figure 1 also plots the employmenttopopulation ratio, which declined sharply from 2007 to 2009 and has remained persistently low during the recovery. 
population ratio corresponds closely to the big increase in the percentage of businesses citing poor sales as their most important problem. From the beginning of 2007 to the end of 2009, this group increased from 10% to over 30%. The trend is broadly consistent with the aggregate demand channel. Employment collapsed precisely when businesses began worrying about poor sales. 
citing financing and interest rates as their top concern has hardly budged. It was low in 2006 and has remained low throughout the recession and recovery. This is especially surprising in the NFIB survey, since small businesses are the enterprises most likely to suffer during a period of tight credit. The survey results do not support the view that availability of financing for small businesses was a major reason for the employment decline. 
about cause and effect is notoriously difficult. For example, it could be argued that the drop in employment and heightened business concerns about poor sales both reflected a shock from a large decline in productivity. Likewise, the increase in measures of policy uncertainty could be associated with the weak recovery in job growth. Which is cause and which is effect might not be obvious. Examining the timing of these variables can help. But it’s still possible that expectations regarding one variable could be driving the other. For example, expectations of poor economic conditions could raise business uncertainty about policies today. 
To extend this analysis, we performed a regression, a statistical test of the relationship between statelevel job losses in the nontradable sector from 2007 to 2009 and the percentage of businesses in that state citing poor sales. The test showed a significant negative correlation. In other words, states in which businesses cited poor sales also registered disproportionately sharp drops in jobs and household spending. This supports the view that a drop in aggregate demand led to job losses during the recession. 
We focus on the rise from 2008 to 2011 in the 
percentage of businesses citing regulation or taxes as their primary problem, the period when this concern increased the most. The increase varied significantly from state to state. For example, Rhode Island saw a rise of over 30 percentage points, while New Jersey saw a decrease of almost 10 percentage points. 
Figure 3 shows there was almost no correlation between job growth in a state from 2008 to 2011 and the increase in the percentage of businesses citing regulation and taxes as their primary concern. In fact, if anything, the correlation is positive. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
as amended by the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, and section 553a shall not apply in the case of any rule or guidance proposed, issued, or made by the Secretary of 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
House Resolution 27, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
me thank the chairman and rise to support the Jackson Lee amendment with a little journey down memory lane of just a few days ago. 
Just a few days ago in northern Nigeria, a heinous terrorist group by the name of Boko Haram killed 2,000 people. Pillaging and killing has been their mantra, their definition. 
in horror as three terrorists killed 17 people in the nation state of France, our ally for many, many, many years— our partner, if you will, in the virtues of liberty and democracy. 
My amendment speaks to the diminishing impact that this present legislation would have on the security of our Nation. My amendment simply asks that those issues dealing with Homeland Security be exempted from this rule. 
some 70 particulars that have to be met when rulemaking begins. Can you imagine subjecting national security to that kind of criteria? 
As indicated, this bill modifies a Federal regulatory or rulemaking process by codifying many requirements included in Presidential executive orders and requiring agencies to consider numerous new criteria when issuing rules, including alternatives to any rule. We mentioned that in my earlier discussion. 
from the bill’s congressional approval requirement any rule promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security. 
As a senior member of the Committee on Homeland Security, having served previously as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, I am concerned about legislation that throws a monkey wrench in the footsteps of Customs and Border Protection, Border Patrol, ICE, the Coast Guard, Secret Service, and many others. 
of Homeland Security indicates that we live in dangerous times and, therefore, calling upon America not just to see something and say something, but to be conscious of these dangerous times. 
rulemaking that then must be burdened with 70 new levels of criteria defining the budget analysis or cost benefit? 
have oversight responsibilities, and I do think that we should be responsible in those oversight responsibilities and fiscally conservative or fiscally responsible, but I do not think that this legislation that has come to us time and time again and obviously failed is any answer to what we are trying to do. 
Let me, first of all, say that this bill 
does not do as the Constitution has asked, and that is the ‘‘We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union’’ in the beginning of our Constitution. 
would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I respectfully rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, every member of this body and our constituents know that, as we speak, the Department of Homeland Security is in the midst of an unprecedented overreach to change this Nation’s immigration laws through regulation and guidance, bypassing Congress and the will of the American people. 
very effort from the requirements of this good bill? What is more, the amendment seeks to shield the Department of Homeland Security—a Department in need of good government reform—from all of the good government rulemaking and guidance reforms in the bill. We should not do that. 
regulation in DHS’ jurisdiction, but simply assures that DHS will avoid unnecessary and overreaching regulation and issue smarter, lesscostly regulation and guidance when necessary. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). 
say to my colleague on Judiciary, Ms. JACKSON LEE, that this amendment is 
very important. It exempts any rule promulgated by Homeland Security, and as a result of this amendment, current law would apply to the Department of Homeland Security. 
This is a very perceptive and important part of us moving forward on a really critical consideration because H.R. 185 will stall or prevent rulemaking, and it is essential that the Department of Homeland Security not be encumbered by such burdensome requirements. Summary: This amendment exempts any 
rule promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) from H.R. 185. As a result of this amendment, current law would apply to DHS. 
185 will stall or prevent rulemaking and it is essential that the DHS not be encumbered by such burdensome requirements. 
DHS to be able to protect the Nation from acts of terrorism and to help communities recover from natural disasters, among many other things. 
several rules to safeguard maritime security, as well as a rule proposed by the Coast Guard to revise regulations relating to the construction, design, equipment of deepwater ports that are used as terminals for importing and exporting oil and natural gas. This rule would provide for regulatory flexibility, while also preventing another environmental catastrophe like Deepwater Horizon. 
DHS has also proposed a series of rules to 
protect against discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex. This rule guarantees the equal treatment of persons in all DHS programs under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
the need for this amendment, which underscores the importance of rulemaking across a wide spectrum of concerns. 
and Clinton administration, mentioned how valuable regulations can be to helping the American people. 
to impede a regulatory scheme to help with cybersecurity; I don’t want to impede the Coast Guard if it has intelligence about an attack on the Houston port with some regulatory scheme that doesn’t allow it to move forward or to be able to address that question. 
obstacles being put in front of national security. I ask that you support this amendment by exempting the Department of Homeland Security that is entrusted with the security, domestic security of the United States of America. 
process by codifying many requirements included in presidential executive orders and requiring agencies to consider numerous new criteria when issuing rules, including alternatives to any rule proposal, the scope of the problem that the rule is meant to address, and potential costs and benefits of the proposal and alternatives. 
thresholds for regulations to be deemed ‘‘major’’ rules and ‘‘high impact’’ rules—i.e., rules likely to cost more than $100 million or $1 billion a year—and requires that these rules proposals be subject to additional criteria and procedural steps. 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, I am very concerned about any legislation that would hinder the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to respond to emergencies. 
to an already long and complicated process, allowing special interest lobbyists to second guess the work of respected scientists and staff through legal challenges, sparking a wave of litigation that would add more costs and delays to the rulemaking process, potentially putting the lives, health and safety of millions of Americans at risk. 
The Department of Homeland Security simply does not have the time to be hindered by frivolous and unnecessary litigation, especially when the safety and security of the American people are at risk. 
According to a study conducted by the Economic Policy Institute, public protections and regulations ‘‘do not tend to significantly impede job creation’’, and furthermore, over the course of the last several decades, the benefits of federal regulations have significantly outweighed their costs. 
continues to be a top priority for our nation. As we continue to face threats from enemies foreign and domestic, we must ensure that we are doing all we can to protect our country. DHS cannot react to the constantly changing threat landscape effectively if they are subject to this bill. 
and Clinton Administration official, discussed the benefits of regulation which an agency like the Department of Homeland Security demonstrates, and that is brought home by the tragic events in Nigeria and France, where terrorists struck with horrible efficiency last week. Professor Katzen stated: 
costs of regulation, we rarely hear about the benefits of regulation—for example, improving our health or the air we breathe or the water we drink protecting our safety in our homes, our automobiles, or our workplaces; or increasing the efficiency of our markets. 
should speak to the benefits as well as the costs of regulation. Here, there are data—incomplete as they may be—which clearly show that the benefits of rules issued during the Obama Administration have been substantially greater than the costs of those rules. For example, the 2012 Report to Congress on the Benefits and Costs of Federal Regulations showed that for FY2011 (the most recent fiscal year for which data are available), the rules ‘‘were estimated to result in a total of $34.3 billion to $89.5 billion in annual benefits and $5.0 billion to $10.1 billion in annual costs. 
Department of Homeland Security is tasked with a wide variety of duties under its mission. One example of an instance where DHS may have to act quickly to establish new or emergency regulations is the protection of our cyber security, an issue that should be at the forefront of everyone’s legislative agenda in this new Congress. 
have risen dramatically. The policy of the United States is to protect against the debilitating disruption of the operation of information systems for critical infrastructures and, thereby, help to protect the people, economy, and national security of the United States. 
We are all affected by threats to our cyber 
security. We must act to reduce our vulnerabilities to these threats before they can be exploited. A failure to protect our cyber systems would damage our Nation’s critical infrastructure. So, we must continue to ensure that such disruptions of cyberspace are infrequent, of minimal duration, manageable, and cause the least possible damage. 
Office (GAO), the number of cyber incidents reported by Federal agencies to USCERT has increased dramatically over the past four years, from 5,503 cyber incidents reported in FY 2006 to about 30,000 cyber incidents in FY 2009 (over a 400% increase). 
also tasked with combating terrorism, and protecting Americans from threats. With the current unrest in the Middle East, why would we want to limit DHS’s ability to do its job? 
constantly responding to new intelligence and threats from the volatile Middle East and around the globe. We must not tie the hands of those trusted to protect us from these threats. 
changes to rules and regulations puts the entire country at risk. As the Representative for the 18th District of Texas, I know about vulnerabilities in security firsthand. Of the 350 major ports in America, the Port of Houston is one of the busiest. 
through the Port of Houston in 2011, and the port ranked first in foreign waterborne tonnage for the 15th consecutive year. The port links Houston with over 1,000 ports in 203 countries, and provides 785,000 jobs throughout the state of Texas. Maritime ports are centers of trade, commerce, and travel along our nation’s coastline, protected by the Coast Guard, under the direction of DHS. 
evidence of a potential attack on the port of Houston, I want the Department of Homeland Security to be able to protect my constituents by issuing the regulations needed without being subject to the constraints of this bill. 
The Department of Homeland Security deserves an exemption not only because they may need to quickly change regulations in response to new information or threats, but also because they are tasked with emergency preparedness and response. 
face when we are confronted with a catastrophic event or a domestic terrorist attack. It is important for people to understand that our capacity to deal with hurricanes directly reflects our ability to respond to a terrorist attack in Texas or New York, an earthquake in California, or a nationwide pandemic flu outbreak. 
On any given day the City of Houston and 
cities across the United States face a widespread and everchanging array of threats, such as: terrorism, organized crime, natural disasters and industrial accidents. 
these and other threats. Indeed, every day, ensuring the security of the homeland requires the interaction of multiple Federal departments and agencies, as well as operational collaboration across Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector. 
We cannot hinder the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to protect the safety and security of the American people. No mission is more sacrosanct—and by bottling up the process with bureaucratic red tape. 
Recent world events call for increased vigilance in homeland security. 
to issue guidance, thus leading to unnecessary regulatory uncertainty and undue delay— something that the American people can illafford. We cannot hamstring the Department when it is trying to cope with threats such as franchise terrorism. My amendment frees up Homeland Security to do its critical mission of protecting the American people. 
the Jackson Lee amendment in order to ensure that lifesaving regulations promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security are not unnecessarily delayed by this legislation. 
This GOP Bill Is Opposed by A Long List of 
National Organizations. National organizations opposing the bill include such organizations as the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, which itself is a coalition of more than 70 consumer, environmental, health and public interest groups: 
Consumer Federation of America; Consumers Union; Americans for Financial Reform; Better Markets Center for Responsible Lending American Association for Justice Center for Effective Government; Public Citizen 
U.S. PIRG AFL–CIO AFSCME UAW United Steelworkers Union of Concerned Scientists and Natural Resources Defense Council. Coalition for Sensible Safeguards Strongly 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly opposing the bill, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards points out, ‘‘[The bill] would undermine our public protections and jeopardize public health by threatening the safeguards that ensure our access to clean air and water, safe workplaces, untainted food and drugs, and safe toys and consumer goods. . . . The costs of deregulation should be obvious by now: the Wall Street economic collapse the Upper Big Branch mine explosion in West Virginia, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous environmental disasters including the recent Dan River coal ash spill in North Carolina and the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia demonstrate the need for a regulatory system that protects the public, not corporate interests.’’ 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly opposing the bill, Americans for Financial Reform points out, ‘‘This legislation could instead be called the ‘End Wall Street Accountability Act of 2015,’ since this would be one of its major effects. This legislation would require the agencies charged with oversight of our largest banks and most critical financial markets to comply with a host of additional bureaucratic and procedural requirements designed to make effective action virtually impossible. By 
doing so it would tilt the playing field still further in the direction of powerful Wall Street banks, and against the public interest. It would paralyze the ability of regulators to protect consumers from financial exploitation and prevent another catastrophic financial crisis.’’ 
Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly opposing the bill, the Consumer Federation of America points out, ‘‘The Regulatory Accountability Act would handcuff all federal agencies in their efforts to protect consumers. . . . Specifically, the RAA would require all agencies . . . to adopt the least costly rule, without consideration of the impact on public health and safety, or the impact on the financial marketplace. As such, the RAA would override important bipartisan laws that have been in effect for years, as well as more recently enacted laws to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive financial services, unsafe food and unsafe consumer products.’’ 
Natural Resources Defense Council Strongly Opposing the Bill: In its letter strongly opposing the bill, the Natural Resources Defense Council points out, ‘‘This is a bill that is designed to prevent the regulatory system from working, not to improve its operation. The practical impact of H.R. 185 would be to make it difficult if not impossible to put in place any new safeguards for the public, no matter what the issue. . . . The RAA’s purpose is abundantly clear. It is an effort to amend and weaken existing law and future statutes by overlaying a suffocating blanket of unnecessary process. The result will be fewer needed safeguards despite public support for protection and study and study showing that the benefits of regulation have far outweighed the costs.’’ 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–2. 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 553a (as inserted by section 4 of this Act) the following new section: 
as amended by the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, and section 553a shall not 
sections for chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 553 the following new item: 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) and a 
someone who comes from local government, I was encouraged last week to hear the Speaker call for us to find common ground. I know firsthand the music that can be made when elected officials allow their commitments to improving the quality of life for our neighbors to guide their actions rather than partisan ideology. 
new Congress, and the House majority has brought to the floor a string of divisive bills. Last week we debated without amendment a plan to bypass the normal review process to expedite approval of the Keystone pipeline for the 10th time, and today we consider a repeat of antipublic health and safety legislation that was debated and defeated in the 112th and 113th Congresses. 
Accountability Act would actually effectively block new Federal regulation and is nothing more than a backdoor attempt to roll back important public health and safety protections. What is more, my friends on the other side claim they want to reduce regulatory burdens, but their bill adds more than 70 new analytical steps to the final rulemaking process while jeopardizing sciencebased methodology. 
warns that if this bill becomes law, Mr. Chairman, agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission would all be subject to more special interest interference, would be much more vulnerable to legal challenges, and even if those challenges are crucial to protecting our air and water and safeguarding public health, they could prevail. That is why I offer what should be, I hope, a simple amendment to exempt any rule or guidance pertaining to public health or safety. 
the least costly regulatory action, notwithstanding any other provision of law, meaning that the benefits of safeguards to protect the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the food we eat would be considered secondary to the 
cost of those safeguards, even if the benefits exceed the costs. 
My friends falsely claim that regulations impose unreasonable costs on the economy and industry. The facts don’t justify that rhetoric. OMB’s latest report to Congress on Federal regulation found the monetized benefits of Federal regulations over the past decade alone are significantly higher by a factor of 10 than the costs. But why let facts trump belief? 
An American Lung Association survey found that three out of four respondents feel we should not have to choose between protecting health and safety and promoting the economy. They understand we must and can do both. 
friends on the other side have asked their constituents what they think. For example, I wonder if the residents near North Carolina coal ash spills— which is affecting drinking water there and in my home State of Virginia— share the same disdain for water quality regulation. Maybe we should ask the millions of parents who own a child car seat subject to a nationwide recall if they would feel better with less rigorous safety standards for their children. 
this notion that government regulation is a heavy boot on the throat of business, but a poll conducted by the American Sustainable Business Council found 78 percent of employers believe responsible regulation is important for protecting small businesses from unfair competition and leveling the playing field. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. 
from H.R. 185 all rules or guidance that relate to health or public safety, including food safety, workplace safety, consumer product safety, air quality, or water quality. Existing APA procedures would continue to apply to these types of rules. 
consequences of H.R. 185, which would be to stifle agencies’ ability to promulgate rules that protect public health and safety. 
agencies to perform cumbersome and lengthy costbenefit analyses of all rules. Worst of all, it would override substantive provisions of numerous statutes, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, that prohibit or limit agencies from considering cost. 
For instance, the Food and Drug Administration has begun proposing rules and guidance under the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), which was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama in 2011, representing the most substantial reform to food safety in over 70 years. 
to implement this Act to prevent foodborne illness outbreaks associated with contaminated produce, among other things. 
one in six Americans get sick every year from foodborne diseases, affecting about 48 million people yearly. Of these, 3,000 people die every year from these diseases, which are largely preventable. 
drown the FDA in additional requirements prior to issuing new rules to protect Americans from the contamination of produce and other rules that are critical to keeping the U.S. food supply safe. 
changes wrought by H.R. 185 would be to substantially undermine agencies’ ability to effectively regulate consumer health and product safety, environmental protection, workplace safety, and financial services industry misconduct, among other critical concerns, while doing little to help small businesses shape or comply with federal regulations. 
Under both Democratic and Republican administrations, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regularly has reported to Congress that the benefits of regulations far exceed their costs. 
agencies to protect the public health and safety, from clean air and water to emergency transportation rules designed to keep Americans safe while traveling abroad. 
important step to protecting public health and safety. It will ensure the lifesaving benefits of protecting air quality, water quality, and food safety so that they are not automatically ruled out because of the cost alone. It will ensure, for example, that the CFPB can proceed with DoddFrank regulations protecting Americans from risky practices that led to the financial crisis and save lives by allowing the FDA to continue implementing provisions of the bipartisan Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. 
to support this amendment and protect the public health and safety of our communities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague from Virginia. 
this amendment exempts from the bill any rule or guidance pertaining to health or public safety. Health and public safety regulation done properly serve important goals, and the bill does nothing to frustrate the effective achievement of those goals. 
regulation constitutes an immense part of total Federal regulation and has been the source of many of the most abusive, unnecessarily expensive, and jobandwage destroying regulations. To remove these areas of regulation from the bill would be to severely weaken the bill’s important reforms to lower the crushing cumulative costs of Federal regulation. 
Consider, for example, testimony before the Judiciary Committee last term by Rob James, a city councilman from Avon Lake, Ohio, about the impacts of new and excessive regulation on his town, its workers, and its families. 
devastation by ideologically driven, antifossilfuel power plant regulations. These regulations are expected to destroy jobs in Avon Lake, harm Avon Lake’s families, and make it even harder for Avon Lake to find the resources to provide emergency services, quality schools, and help for its neediest citizens—all while doing comparatively little to control mercury emissions that are the stated target of the regulations. 
and anyone else concerned that health and safety regulations are a tantamount concern of this legislation. In fact, I will quote from page 19 of the bill: 
the basis of the best reasonably obtainable scientific, technical, economic, and other evidence and information concerning the need for, consequences of, and alternatives to the rule. 
I will also point out that the American Council of Independent Laboratories supports this legislation. 
to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 2 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. 
MCKINLEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 254, noes 168, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
FARENTHOLD, and DELANEY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 247, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 249, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 25 
I was unavoidably detained during the time of this vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 248, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) having assumed the chair, 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, and, pursuant to House Resolution 27, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
the bill H.R. 185 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
this Act shall not apply to rules or guidance that— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Like many of you, especially my fellow freshman Members, I told my constituents of New York City’s Fourth Congressional District that I wanted to come to Washington to offer commonsense solutions. 
important things that my friends on the other side of the aisle also find important, such as saving tax dollars and providing regulatory relief for small businesses. The amendment also ensures that H.R. 185 would not stymie protections of workers’ wages, especially those of women, or weaken protections against workplace discrimination. But the most important provision in this amendment, in light of current events, would ensure that H.R. 185 won’t apply to actions that prevent terrorism and crime. 
Nassau County, just outside of New York City, terrorism is not abstract for me and my constituents. It is very real and it is very personal. Thousands of Long Island residents commute to the city every single day. We all remember too clearly the September 11 attacks, 
and we all live with the reality that such a day could come again if we are not vigilant in our efforts to prevent terrorism. 
last week serve as a tragic and chilling reminder that we must be on high alert here at home, and the best way to do that is to ensure that those who protect us have the resources they need to do their jobs. That is our job—to make sure they have the resources they need to do theirs. 
point. A number of freshman Members, myself included, came to Congress with a mandate to find compromise and to govern. Passing H.R. 185 will not demonstrate such priorities. We should be working together to actually solve problems. We should be working to find new ideas and new solutions to our Nation’s problems and creating legislation that will make our government work more effectively. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
are more than 6 years into the Obama administration. Real unemployment is still a massive problem in this country. America’s labor force participation has dropped to record lows. The nominal unemployment rate is down, but that is because desperate Americans dying for work are abandoning the workforce in droves. 
to restart the engines of economic growth in this country. One way to do that is to pass the Regulatory Accountability Act. This bill promises real relief from our $1.86 trillionper year regulatory cost nightmare. If enacted, it would change night to day in terms of the level of regulatory costs Washington imposes on American families—without stopping one needed regulation from being issued. 
won’t happen. They say the bill will bring all good rulemaking to a halt. My goodness, it is ObamaCare all over again. My friends across the aisle haven’t read the bill. You have to read the bill to know what is in it. If you read the bill, you understand it. You see right there on page 27: 
rule considered during the rule making . . . that meets relevant statutory objectives. 
The agency shall adopt the . . . rule . . . 
statutory goals will still be met, but they will be done in a costeffective way that makes sure that all of the necessary costsaving measures and all of the necessary considerations are 
taken into account before imposing new burdens on the American people. 
Vote against this motion to recommit. Vote for this good, jobcreating, dollarsaving bill for the American people. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 245, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 250, noes 175, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be and are hereby elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
Scott of Georgia, Mr. Costa, Mr. Walz, Ms. Fudge, Mr. McGovern, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Vela, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Kuster, Mr. Nolan, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Aguilar, and Ms. Plaskett. 
Loretta Sanchez of California, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Cooper, Ms. Bordallo, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Speier, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Peters, Mr. Veasey, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Walz, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Takai, Ms. Graham, Mr. Ashford, Mr. Moulton, and Mr. Aguilar. 
Sherman, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Sires, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Higgins, Ms. Bass, Mr. Keating, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Bera, Mr. Lowenthal, Ms. Meng, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Castro of Texas, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, and Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania. 
Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Keating, Mr. Payne, Mr. Vela, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Miss Rice of New York, and Mrs. Torres. 
Pierluisi, Ms. Chu of California, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Ms. Bass, Mr. Richmond, Ms. 
Mrs. Napolitano, Ms. Bordallo, Mr. Costa, Mr. Sablan, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Pierluisi, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Beyer. 
New York, Ms. Norton, Mr. Clay, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Cartwright, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, and Mrs. Lawrence. 
Edwards, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Bera, Ms. Esty, Mr. Veasey, and Ms. Clark of Massachusetts. 
Chu of California, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Payne, and Ms. Meng. 
Brown of Florida, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Capuano, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Sires, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Nolan, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Ms. Titus, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Ms. Esty, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Huffman, and Ms. Brownley of California. 
Mr. Takano, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Titus, Mr. Ruiz, Ms. Kuster, and Mr. O’Rourke. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL EXPLANATORY OF H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Pursuant to section 4 of House Resolution 27, the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations submitted explanatory material relating to H.R. 240. The contents of this submission will be published after the statement of Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, chairman of 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 240 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 27 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 240. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER) and the gentlewoman from New 
York (Mrs. L OWEY ) each will control 60 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the House this bipartisanbicameral agreement providing appropriations to the Department of Homeland Security, DHS, for fiscal year 2015. 
agreement, I want to thank everyone who has worked on this bill here today because, despite its importance to national security and public safety, its path to the floor has been far from certain. 
leader and your staffs, thank you for doing what is necessary to get this bill to this stage of the legislative process. 
To Mr. ROGERS and the full committee staff, thanks for fighting for this bill. It wouldn’t be on the floor without you. 
To the House and Senate subcommittee staffs and to my personal staff—Darek Newby, Kris Mallard, Cornell Teague, Laura Cylke, Anne Wake, Steve Gilleland, Bill Zito, Jonas Miller, and Val Baldwin—thank you for your advice and counsel in crafting this agreement. Your work takes you away from home and from your families, and I appreciate your efforts. 
the subcommittee, much thanks to DAVID. Our partnership is critical to 
this bill’s success. His experience and measured approach makes this agreement even better. 
As everyone knows, several amendments will be proposed to stop the President’s recent executive actions on immigration. I plan to vote for these amendments because, like many Americans, I believe the President’s actions exceed the authority provided to the Executive in the Constitution. 
after all of the arguments have been presented, the underlying appropriations bill must be enacted because it is critical to the Nation’s security and to public safety. 
a terrible tragedy unfold in Paris as armed terrorists killed innocent French citizens who were doing nothing more than going about their daily lives. Like 9/11, this event and others that have occurred this year remind us that our democratic values are under constant attack, and they serve as a warning that we must remain vigilant. 
Paris can happen anywhere, including in the United States, and we must provide the resources necessary to find and to root out the seeds of terrorism. Therefore, passing the Homeland Security Appropriations bill is an imperative we cannot fail to meet. 
good, and I am proud of it. It supports DHS’ frontline personnel and its essential security operations and maintains fiscal discipline. 
Protection: this agreement adds $42 million above the request to assure the 24/7 surveillance of all land, sea, and air approaches; it increases air and marine flight hours from 74,000 to 95,000 per year; this agreement fully funds 23,775 CBP officers to continue efforts to reduce the wait times of passengers arriving at the Nation’s international airports without resorting to burdensome user fees as proposed by the President; funds are included for 21,370 Border Patrol agents, the highest operational force in DHS history; funds for tactical communications equipment and border security technology are increased by $20 million above the request; substantial increases are included for targeting systems and data analysis to support counterterrorism efforts. 
For Immigration and Customs Enforcement: custody and deportation operations are increased by $862 million above the request to ensure the full funding of 34,000 legislativelymandated detention beds and to detain, deport, and deter the influx of families and children illegally crossing the southwest border. Included in this amount are 3,732 new family detention units to deter the illegal migration of families. Also included are 207 new enforcement officers to expedite the process of returning illegal immigrants to their countries of origin. 
For the U.S. Coast Guard: operational hours in critical source and transit zones are increased by $16.7 million over the request; depot level maintenance, which is crucial for the Coast Guard’s readiness, is increased by $52.7 million over the request; the eighth National Security Cutter is fully funded; and $95 million over the request is added for an additional C–130J aircraft. 
$25 million in additional funds are provided to address training shortfalls highlighted by the White House fence jumper and to enhance perimeter security, including for additional K–9 teams. 
For the National Protection and Programs Directorate: funds are provided so DHS can effectively manage the collection of biometrics and protect and enhance the resilience of the Nation’s physical and cyber infrastructure. 
For the Federal Emergency Management Agency: $7 billion is provided to fully fund operational needs for disaster relief; first responder grants are increased by $300 million above the President’s request to sustain funding for State and local grants, firefighter assistance grants, and Emergency Management Performance Grants. 
million above the request is provided for vital research efforts, including biological defense, cybersecurity, border security, and first responder technology; $300 million is included to complete the construction of the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility. 
Finally, this agreement provides absolutely no discretionary funds or mandatory funds to implement the President’s executive actions on immigration. 
immigration applications are paid entirely by individual applicants when they submit their supporting documentation. Fees from those transactions are collected in a specific amount in the Treasury, as mandated by the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
taxpayers does not subsidize the costs of immigration applications, and the spending bill under consideration today has no funding for these purposes. 
In closing, Mr. Chairman, this Homeland Security bill meets the security needs of our Nation and the fiscal stewardship expected by the taxpayers. I believe it is worthy of every Member’s vote, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
At the outset, I want to thank Chairman CARTER and Ranking Member 
PRICE for their very hard work in putting the original bill together, which was negotiated by the House and the Senate and could be law right now. 
As my colleagues are aware, our committee has not officially organized for the new Congress, which means we technically do not yet have a ranking minority member for the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Again, I want to say to my colleagues that we could have completed action on this bill in the last Congress with the other 11 appropriations bills considered in the omnibus package. Unfortunately, the House majority kicked the can down the road and put these important programs under a continuing resolution in a misguided attempt to protest the President’s executive order on immigration. 
on the floor, my majority colleagues have decided to further inject partisan politics into the appropriations process. We all know the outcome of this very dangerous game. The legislation 
the enactment of a very good fullyear bill. I am deeply disappointed that Republicans insist on making Congress play out this farce at the expense of our Nation’s security. It has taken less than 2 weeks for the Republican Congress to prove that it cannot govern responsibly. 
delayed this bill enough. With more than a quarter of this fiscal year already gone, we continue to play games with the funding for an agency that was created to protect the Nation from terrorist attacks. 
Last week, terrorists brutally murdered 12 people at the office of a French satirical magazine, a police officer, and four individuals at a kosher grocery store. That is a tragic example of the kind of outoftheblue attack that the Department of Homeland Security, along with its other law enforcement partners, is working hard to prevent here in the United States. 
delay grants to States and major urban areas, funding that is critical for supporting local first responders in our defense against homegrown terrorism and for fusion centers, where the Department of Homeland Security gathers, shares, and analyzes threat information with its State and local law enforcement partners. 
will slow down efforts for the Secret Service to begin addressing problems with security at the White House. 
ability to move forward with the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative to make the Department more strategic and improve coordination among its components. 
criminal aliens and to manage another rapid influx of unaccompanied children 
and families across the southwest border are in jeopardy. 
Acquisition of the final National Security Cutter and other Coast Guard assets will be delayed, as will construction of the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility. 
colleagues to give up the partisan games that threaten our national security and allow the House to act today on the clean bill—again, that was negotiated by Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, a good bill—funding the Department of Homeland Security. We have already wasted enough time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. HALROGERS , the chairman of the 
putting this bill together and for yielding the time. 
bipartisan basis, an aggregated appropriations bill that funded most of the Federal Government, 11 of the 12 annual appropriations bills, and today we consider the last remaining of those bills. 
of our highest priorities. This bill provides $39.7 billion for that purpose: to protect our borders, defend against the threats of terrorism, and enforce our Nation’s laws. 
Today we will also consider amendments to the bill that will reverse the President’s declaration of executive amnesty for illegal aliens. One of these amendments would change existing law to prohibit any funding, including fees, from being used to implement the order. As the chairman of the subcommittee has said, there are no appropriations in this bill for the illegal amnesty decree—that is being funded by fees—and this amendment would get at that problem. 
loud and clear. They want our immigration laws enforced rather than unilaterally changed by executive decree in an unlawful way that undermines our Constitution and the integrity of our laws. I will vote for these amendments because the Presidential amnesty decree grossly exceeds this authority and violates the Constitution. 
that our immigration laws are upheld, that our border is fortified, and that the men and women on our front line remain wellequipped and trained. The bill provides $10.7 billion for Customs and Border Protection. That is an increase of $118plus million above last year to support the largest operation force levels in the history of the country and to ensure aroundtheclock border surveillance. Funding for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, is also boosted above last year, totaling $5.96 billion, including significant increases to detention bed capacity for both individuals and families, and full funding for EVerify to ensure companies are hiring employees who can legally work in the U.S. 
funding to ensure the safety of our skies and our coasts. The Transportation Security Administration is funded at $4.8 billion, targeting funding to passenger security, cargo inspections, and intelligence. 
denying the President’s proposed cuts that would have gutted vital operations of the Coast Guard. 
The security of this Nation is also dependent on a secure cyber network, and recent headlines have only underscored our need to be prepared against new and advanced cyber attacks and foreign espionage. To improve our cybersecurity programs, the bill includes $753.2 million for these activities in the National Protection and Programs Directorate. 
The bill also includes increased funding to address critical lapses in Secret Service communications and training at the White House and to start preparations for the 2016 Presidential election. 
In addition to providing for these important security efforts, the Department bill also provides funding for disaster recovery and response. There is $7 billion in the bill for FEMA’s programs, fully funding their requirements. It also provides $2.5 billion for important first responder grants that help States and communities act in the critical early moments following a disaster. 
legislation before us takes the necessary steps to ensure the responsible, transparent use of taxpayer dollars, including streamlining DHS operations, reducing overhead costs, and trimming funds for lower priority programs. 
Texas, Chairman CARTER , and the entire subcommittee and staff for their hard work in reaching that bipartisan agreement back in December which now is reflected in this bill on the floor, and to also thank the staff for their many hours putting this legislation into final form. 
it is high time we get this bill enacted to strengthen our homeland security efforts, ensure our personnel are well equipped and trained, and maintain our readiness for any threats that may come our way. We cannot put our security at risk with outdated funding levels and the uncertainty of a continuing resolution. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote responsibly for the security of our country and the security of our borders. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. 
BY MR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, REGARDING H.R. 240 
The following is an explanation of the effects of this Act, which makes appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2015. Unless otherwise noted, references to the House and Senate reports are to House Report 113–481 and Senate Report 113–198, respectively. The language 
and allocations contained in the House and Senate reports warrant full compliance and carry the same weight as language included in this explanatory statement, unless specifically addressed to the contrary in the bill or this explanatory statement. While repeating some language from the House or Senate report for emphasis, this explanatory statement does not intend to negate the language referred to above unless expressly provided herein. When this explanatory statement refers to the Committees or the Committees on Appropriations, this reference is to the 
House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security and the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on the Department of Homeland Security. 
directs the submission of a report or a briefing, such report or briefing shall be provided 
to the Committees not later than April 15, 2015, unless otherwise directed in the statement. Reports and briefings required by the House or Senate report are due on the dates specified; in instances where the date specified occurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the report or briefing shall be due not later than April 15, 2015. 
This explanatory statement refers to certain laws and organizations as follows: the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, Public Law 110–53, is referenced as the 9/11 Act; the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, Public Law 93–288, is referenced as the Stafford Act; the Department of Homeland Security is referenced as DHS or the Department; the Government Accountability Office is referenced as GAO; and the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security is referenced as OIG. In addition, ‘‘fulltime equivalents’’ shall be referred to as FTE; the DHS ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ shall be referred to as WCF; ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be referred to as PPA; and any reference to ‘‘the Secretary’’ shall be interpreted to mean the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
programs are addressed in a classified annex accompanying this explanatory statement. 
A total of $132,573,000 is provided for the Office of the Secretary and Executive Management (OSEM). The funding provided addresses the Unity of Effort realignment requested by the Department. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Throughout the bill, funds have been realigned to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. The Department shall provide frequent updates on progress and adoption of new policies, procedures, and guidelines related to this evolving effort. 
The President’s fiscal year 2015 budget request for DHS failed to include funds necessary to address the arrival of children and families who will be ferried to the Nation’s borders by a network of illicit transnational criminal organizations and to manage the populations of these illegal migrants who cross our border. This bill rectifies these mistakes by adding $553,589,000 for costs related to deterring such illegal migration, interdicting these migrants, caring for and transporting an estimated 58,000 undocumented children to the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), and facilitating the movement of thousands of undocumented families through removal proceedings after they illegally cross the U.S. border during this fiscal year. 
instructions relative to the humanitarian crisis and law enforcement nightmare created by the phenomenon of children crossing the Southwest border. That guidance, which is aimed at being prepared for another potential influx of children, remains as valid today as it was in June 2014. To assure the Committees that the directives are being carried out, DHS is directed to coordinate an interagency update with other responsible Federal agencies, including the Departments of State, HHS, and Justice, that addresses the activities each agency is undertaking to deter, prepare for, and manage a surge of illegally migrating children and families. Quarterly briefings to the Committees are required beginning January 15, 2015, to cover operational statistics on all apprehensions, 
including unaccompanied alien children (UAC) and families, detention, nondetention forms of supervision, and removals. Furthermore, DHS shall notify the Committees immediately in the event that UAC are held in U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) custody longer than 72 hours or if UAC apprehensions surpass fiscal year 2013 levels. 
of this Act to ensure the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request addresses DHS needs related to UAC and families. 
submission of the Border Security Status reports, as required by the Senate. The requirement for Detention and Removal Operations reports is discontinued, as further discussed under the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) heading later in this statement. 
continue improving its public reporting of immigration enforcement and border security operations statistics both in terms of completeness and timeliness. The Department shall ensure that immigration enforcement data is collected and reported to reflect the entire lifecycle from encounter through removal and return, not just starting with apprehension and arrest. As directed in the Senate report, the Department and the relevant components shall brief the Committees on these efforts. 
Immediate Office of the Secretary for the newly created Joint Requirements Council. The Department shall brief the Committees regularly on the status and activities of the Council. U.S. Customs and Border Protection and 
As referenced in the House report, the Department shall continue to pursue joint aviation requirements, as applicable, for the Coast Guard and CBP. Both components shall maximize commonality between their aircraft fleets. Further, CBP shall develop a flying hour program using the Coast Guard program as a model. 
to the Committees that is classified for official use only (FOUO), the document shall include specific reasons for the classification based on requirements detailed in DHS Management Directive 11042.1, which provides guidance for safeguarding sensitive but unclassified FOUO information. The signatory of each document will be held accountable for verifying the classification. 
As referenced in the Senate report, the Department is to develop a plan with the goal of reducing international operations costs by up to 10 percent in fiscal year 2015. DHS shall brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on this plan, including efforts to reduce unnecessary overlap and redundancies in its attache ´laydown while maintaining a strong 
the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, the Secretary shall include expenditure plans for fiscal year 2016 for the Office of Policy, the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs/Partnership and Engagement, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties (OCRCL), the Citizenship and Immigration Services Ombudsman, and the Office of Privacy. 
reports, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees the results of a review and draft plan for situational awareness along the Southwest border and in the associated maritime environment not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The effort may include attaining a common operating picture but must include enabling operational control through full and persistent situational awareness. 
A total of $187,503,000 is provided for the Office of the Under Secretary for Management (USM). The funding provided fully incorporates the Unity of Effort realignment requested by the Department. Each office shall prioritize efforts within the amount provided. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
of this Act, $48,600,000 is provided for headquarters consolidation and associated operational support. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the USM shall submit to the Committees an expenditure plan detailing how this funding will be allocated, including revised schedule and cost estimates for the headquarters consolidation project. Quarterly briefings are required on headquarters and mission support consolidation activities, which should highlight any deviation from the expenditure plan. The briefings shall also discuss progress on lease replacement and consolidation efforts. 
In lieu of direction in the House report regarding a new PPA for the Office of Program Accountability and Risk Management, the Department shall display funding levels and a program justification for this office within the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. 
The Comprehensive Acquisition Status Report shall be submitted as a part of the justification documents accompanying the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 and shall contain all programs on the major acquisition oversight list and others of special interest. Funding amounts shall be displayed by appropriation and PPA. Further, the Department shall work with the Committees to post a nonFOUO version to the Department’s website not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
an ongoing GAO study regarding the production of secure credentials across the government. To that end, the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer (OCPO) shall brief the Committees within 90 days of the date of enactment of this Act on the Department’s process for procuring secure credentials, including how OCPO decides whether to procure such products from either a private entity or a government agency and how it considers both cost and the security features of the products. Prior to the completion of the 
GAO study, per section 507 of this Act, the Department shall notify the Committees in writing three days prior to contracting with a private entity or signing an agreement with a government agency to requisition secure credentials and, if applicable, to provide an analysis showing how the security of the products will be equal to or greater than that of products that could be procured from private industry at a similar cost. 
shall develop a plan for ongoing reviews of DHS’ major acquisition projects. 
Secretary shall outline the procurement process from the beginning when a need is identified through contract award, extension, or modification, including any protest actions or other delays. The Under Secretary shall provide a briefing on the effort to the Committees not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. As directed in the Senate report, the role of the Component Acquisition Executive shall also be addressed. 
later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on a strategy for reducing the time required for hiring personnel, and shall provide quarterly data on hiring timelines by component, as directed in the Senate report. 
A total of $52,020,000 is provided for the Office of the Chief Financial Officer (OCFO), which includes staffing and funds realigned to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. It is assumed that any cost of living adjustment for Federal employees directed by the President for fiscal year 2015 will be funded from within the amounts provided for each appropriation in this Act. 
The statement includes directives for specified components to brief the Committees on obligation and expenditure plans. The briefings shall reflect enacted appropriations; include the allocation of undistributed appropriations among and within PPAs; and specify completed transfer and reprogramming actions (pursuant to section 503 of this Act and previous appropriations Acts for DHS), including funds that have been reprogrammed below the notification threshold. 
by PPA and cost code by quarter, and shall include the amount of funds planned to be carried over into the next fiscal year. For multiyear appropriations, the briefs shall detail the status of each appropriation by source year. In addition, the briefs shall identify the current numbers of onboard personnel by PPA, along with delineations of the numbers of personnel newly hired or lost to attrition since the beginning of the fiscal year or since the most recent report, as appropriate. These briefings shall be provided not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act and on a quarterly basis thereafter to compare actual obligations against the initial plans. 
communications with the Committees on its Financial Systems Modernization (FSM) efforts, as directed in the House and Senate reports. A general provision is included in Title V of this Act to fund FSM activities, enabling the Secretary to allocate resources according to fluctuations in the FSM program execution plan. In lieu of the direction in the House report, the CFO shall submit a detailed expenditure plan for FSM not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
A total of $288,122,000 is provided for the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), of which $189,094,000 is available until September 30, 2016. The funding provided fully incorporates the realignment to support the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. An additional $1,000,000 is provided for the DHS Data Framework initiative, and an additional $500,000 is provided for cyber remediation tools, as outlined in the House report. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
To support the Department’s Unity of Effort initiative, a total of $32,621,000 and 25 FTE are realigned from Analysis and Operations to OCIO for the Homeland Security Information Network Program and the Common Operating Picture. 
and not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the CIO shall brief the Committees on its program execution and strategy to protect national security information held by DHS, including the cost and schedule details of the Homeland Secure Data Network, Identity Credential Access Management programs, and other large or multiagency projects. The briefing shall also include details on other steps the Department is taking to safeguard classified information. 
A total of $255,804,000 is provided for Analysis and Operations, of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until September 30, 
2016. The funding provided fully incorporates the Unity of Effort realignment requested by the Department. Other funding details are included within the classified annex accompanying this explanatory statement. 
and Analysis (I&A) to coordinate with the Chiefs of Police and Sheriffs from the Nation’s major urban areas to strengthen the 
Criminal Intelligence Enterprise, which is aimed at integrating state and local criminal intelligence and counterterrorism operations. I&A is to brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on its efforts to date and plans for fiscal year 2015. 
OIG, including $118,617,000 in direct appropriations and $24,000,000 transferred from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Disaster Relief Fund (DRF) for audits and investigations related to the DRF. The level of OIG funding has been reduced 
from the budget request for reasons outlined in the Senate report as well as to reflect more realistic expectations for hiring in fiscal year 2015. The OIG is directed to submit an expenditure plan for all fiscal year 2015 funds not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act and, for fiscal year 2016 and future years, to submit an expenditure plan within its annual budget justification. The OIG is directed to include DRF transfers in the CFO’s monthly budget execution reports submitted to the Committees, which shall satisfy the requirements for notification of DRF transfers under a general provision in Title V of this Act. 
A total of $8,459,657,000 is provided for Salaries and Expenses. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
brief the Committees on a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds for all CBP accounts, as specified under Title I of this statement, to include data previously provided in its financial plans. As proposed by the House, $1,000,000 is provided to the Office of Intelligence and Investigative Liaison (OIIL) for additional analysts to support the Air and Marine Operations Center’s (AMOC) activities, particularly analysis of feeds from unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). CBP shall ensure that such activities are aligned with other situational awareness efforts at CBP and the DHS Unity of Effort initiative. 
The total amount provided reflects a transfer from the Construction and Facility Management account into the Rent PPA because 
the Administration has determined that GSA will not delegate authority to CBP to manage certain land ports of entry. 
criminal misconduct investigative authority on September 18, 2014. This authority permits CBP to work side by side, as appropriate, with other Federal investigative agencies looking into alleged criminal conduct by CBP employees, which should increase workforce accountability and enable CBP leadership to have greater awareness of conduct and integrity issues. CBP is directed to provide regular updates as it converts internal affairs investigators to criminal investigators as part of this transition. Further, the Deputy Secretary shall continue to oversee joint coordination of integrity oversight, as discussed in the Senate report. 
Border Security Inspections and Trade Facilitation is funded at $3,186,992,000, of which $2,810,524,000 is for Inspections, Trade, and Travel Facilitation at Ports of Entry, including sufficient funding to support a base 
of 23,775 CBP officers. The bill provides $30,000,000 as twoyear funding based on CBP’s current hiring schedule. As requested, $8,300,000 is provided for the CBP Mobile Program and $3,000,000 is added for a Biometric Exit Mobile application demonstration at two airports. To expand the Arrival and Departure Information System, $9,900,000 is included instead of $11,800,000 as proposed by the House and $8,000,000 as proposed by the 
the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism (C–TPAT) program, which provides sufficient funds to proceed with the web portal project. As discussed in the Senate report, of the total amount provided for CBP Salaries and Expenses, $10,000,000 shall be used for sustaining traveler process enhancements initiated in Public Law 113–76. To support counternetwork capabilities at the National Targeting Center (NTC), $4,500,000 is provided for advanced analysis and visualization tools and requirements development instead of $9,000,000 as proposed by the House. While funded in the NTC PPA, this investment shall support strategic analysis capabilities across CBP. 
To deal with the fluctuations of facilitating trade and securing travel, CBP’s staffing practices—to include hiring, training, and assignments—must be flexible and nimble. While the resource allocation model has greatly improved CBP’s ability to make informed staffing decisions, CBP shall update its resource allocation model, taking into account any newly identified gaps, the onboarding of 2,000 CBP officers added by the fiscal year 2014 Act, and the timeline for training and deploying the new personnel to their respective assignments. An updated model shall specifically identify CBP officer staffing requirements for the Northern border. Any modifications to the model shall be described in the fiscal year 2016 budget submission. 
extensive language about ways to reduce wait times at ports of entry. As always, this objective must be carefully balanced against U.S. security interests and the need to safeguard travelers and the general public from terrorism. To underscore the importance of these missions, the agreement highlights the following guidance in both the House and Senate reports. CBP shall carry out the following within 90 days of the date of enactment of this Act: 
process for CBP officers, as directed in the Senate report. 
2) Brief the Committees on the implementation and execution of the publicprivate partnership and donation authority pilots authorized under section 560 of Public Law 113–6 and section 559 of Public Law 113–76 and continued in this Act, with semiannual briefings thereafter. 
3) Provide a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Homeland Security, and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs describing the effects of business transformation initiatives on reducing passenger wait times, including the impact of technologies that are not dependent on the activity of CBP personnel. The report should provide an analysis of the effectiveness of such initiatives and identify locations CBP would prioritize for expansion. 
4) Brief the Committees on efforts to improve commercial vehicle wait time data collection and trade facilitation at land ports of 
implementing section 571 of Public Law 113– 76, which requires the development of passenger wait time performance metrics and operational work plans to reduce passenger wait times at ports of entry with the highest passenger volume and wait times. The briefing shall include an action plan and proposed timelines for innovative activities, as proposed in the Senate report. 
6) Brief the Committees on the effect of the 
Beyond the Border Action Plan on reducing wait times at, and streamlining the flow of trade across, the Northern border. 
the Air Entry/Exit Reengineering project, its implications for land and sea ports in urban and rural areas, and how CBP is working with the Office of Biometric Identity Management (OBIM) to examine new technologies that can be integrated with DHS’ backend biometric system, IDENT. 
nonintrusive inspection (NII) technology at ports of entry, including seizures resulting from NII exams, in the multiyear investment and management plan for inspection and detection technology required by Public Law 112–74 and continued in a general provision in Title V of this Act. 
guidance on cargo inspection and commercial fraud enforcement, including directives related to circumvention of duties and misclassification of entries of goods from China; collection of outstanding duties; the use of single entry transaction bonds; coordination with the Departments of the Treasury and Commerce on the use of new shipper reviews and improvement of liquidation instructions; membership on the Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations; uncollected antidumping and countervailing duty orders on duties in excess of $25,000,000 assessed by single transaction bonds; and enhanced trade enforcement efforts. CBP shall adhere to these directives and, to the extent practicable, publish the required report on the collection of outstanding duties on the CBP website. 
through all possible means, the dispersal of interest payments owed to injured parties who have obtained funds under the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act. That law states that ‘‘the Commissioner shall distribute all funds from assessed duties received in the preceding fiscal year to affected domestic producers,’’ which has been understood to mean interest accrued from past duties identified and dispersed to injured parties. CBP shall provide a report on all interest payments owed to injured parties between the beginning of 2001 and the end of 2014, along with a path forward for dispersing such funds to the injured parties. 
the steps it is taking to adhere to the guidance in the Senate report with regard to the 
of Entry is funded at $3,904,465,000, which includes $3,848,074,000 for Border Security and Control and $56,391,000 for training. As proposed by the House, $499,000 is included for an additional Horse Patrol Unit. The total funding level supports the legislativelymandated floor of not less than 21,370 Border Patrol agents. Because CBP is currently well below the mandated level, CBP is directed to take all possible steps to reach the funded and operationally necessary staffing level. Recognizing that the Administration failed to request funds sufficient to care for UAC and family units while in Border Patrol custody, CBP shall utilize excess funding currently allocated to Salaries and Expenses within this PPA to support that need. 
the development and operation of the National Border GeoIntelligence Strategy (NBGIS). CBP must continue to improve its situational awareness and analytic capabilities to secure the border at and between the ports of entry and along the approaches to the United States by land, air, and sea. CBP shall ensure that the investments made in the NBGIS align with other critical investments in the NTC, AMOC, and OIIL, and shall brief the Committees on how data collected through the NBGIS will assist CBP and other government entities. 
continue to issue statistics on individuals held in CBP custody and to publish such statistics in the DHS annual statistical yearbook. 
Both the House and Senate reports included direction to DHS to review ICE and CBP repatriation policies and practices to ensure deportations of vulnerable individuals are conducted humanely and safely. The review shall be completed within 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act instead of 180 days as proposed by the House and 120 days as proposed by the Senate. 
determine whether using bodyworn cameras can reduce the use of unnecessary force and protect officers and agents from allegations of abuse that may be unfounded. As required in the House report, CBP shall provide a report to the Committees on the results of the pilot within 60 days of its completion. 
A total of $808,169,000 is provided for Automation Modernization. CBP and ICE shall brief the Committees semiannually on TECS modernization, and CBP shall brief the Committees on Automated Commercial Environment modernization semiannually. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Security Fencing, Infrastructure, and Technology (BSFIT). As requested, $12,200,000 is 
provided for Northern border technology and $35,600,000 is provided for tethered aerostat radar systems. An additional $15,000,000 for Development and Deployment and $5,000,000 
for Operations and Maintenance is provided for unfunded priorities cited in the House report. Within the resources provided, CBP 
shall resume and complete the communications study referenced in the House report. CBP shall also detail the allocation of BSFIT funds in its obligation and expenditure plan briefings, as specified under Title I of this statement. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
and Marine Operations. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
The amount provided for Salaries and Expenses includes $5,900,000 to increase staffing at the AMOC to levels sufficient to maintain 24/7 air and marine surveillance coverage of the United States as well as $350,000 for Intelligence Research Analysts; and $3,000,000 to support 95,000 flight hours. The Operations and Maintenance PPA is increased by $28,300,000 to support this number of flight hours. In addition, $3,000,000 is for multirole enforcement aircraft (MEA) spare parts, $2,000,000 is for upgrades to unmanned aircraft system ground control stations, and $1,350,000 is for enhancements to AMOC’s Processing, Exploitation, and Dissemination cell and Air and Marine Operating Surveillance System. As requested, $43,700,000 is provided for procurement of two MEA and $9,300,000 is for sensor upgrades. 
the Senate bill requiring CBP to submit any changes to its fiveyear Strategic Air and Marine Plan not later than 90 days after the 
House and Senate reports, CBP initiated a review of how to improve its air and marine readiness posture to adequately support mission needs. In coordination with the Department’s Aviation Governance Board (AGB), CBP shall establish policies and define responsibilities for the development and management of a CBP aircraft flight hour and marine vessel underway hour program, which shall be finalized not later than December 31, 2015. In addition, CBP shall continue to work with the AGB to formalize and institutionalize a joint requirements process tailored to meet law enforcement operational needs and leverage existing capabilities across the Department, including depot level maintenance facilities. CBP shall provide quarterly progress reviews on this endeavor to the Committees beginning not later than February 1, 2015. 
fulfilling the needs of the United States for air and marine domain awareness. It is clear, however, that the Department has not fully utilized this critical resource. Therefore, the DHS Deputy’s Management Action Group (DMAG) shall review AMOC’s current mission and its roles and responsibilities to determine whether they require modification to support DHS’ strategic objective of protecting all approaches—air, land, and sea—to U.S. borders. By December 1, 2015, the DMAG shall make recommendations to the Secretary on how to rectify identified gaps in capability and provide guidance to all DHS components on how best to leverage AMOC’s existing capabilities so they enhance DHS’ operational Unity of Effort. The DMAG review and recommendations shall also address direction in the House report regarding personnel requirements and full staffing of AMOC, as well as finalization of an AMOC charter, although no report on the charter is required. The Department and CBP are instructed to provide quarterly progress reviews to the Committees beginning March 1, 2015, which shall include an update on progress made to connect AMOC to SIPRnet, as directed in the House report. 
A total of $288,821,000 is provided for Construction and Facilities Management, including $5,100,000 for upgrading Border Patrol facilities instead of $4,100,000 as proposed by the Senate. No increase is provided for the McAllen Border Patrol Station, as it has already been reactivated for use in transitioning UAC to HHS custody. 
from this account of $189,103,000 to the Rent PPA in the Salaries and Expenses appropriation because the Administration has determined that GSA will not be delegating authority to CBP for management of certain land ports of entry. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
A total of $5,932,756,000 is provided for Salaries and Expenses, which reflects significant increases above the request totaling $944,691,000. These increases are provided to address excessive shortfalls in the President’s budget request due to poor budgeting 
practices, deal with needs related to the surge in unaccompanied children and families with children coming across the Southwest border, and restore proposed cuts to staffing, operations, investigations, and other programs critical to national security. 
a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds and provide quarterly updates, as specified under Title I of this statement. As a part of these briefings, ICE shall continue to provide data on investigative activities and expenditures. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Proceedings, including funds to hire 12 full time personnel to process Freedom of Information Act submissions, as requested. In addition, an increase of $4,500,000 is provided to hire additional attorneys to expedite the immigration court docket. 
A total of $1,699,811,000 is provided for Domestic Investigations, including an increase of $5,700,000 to annualize the costs of investigative staffing enhancements funded in fiscal year 2014. The bill provides an increase of $62,000,000 to hire additional agents and mission support staff to enhance ICE’s ability to conduct investigations in highpriority mission areas, such as human smuggling and trafficking, including Operation Torrent Divide; child exploitation, including Operation Angel Watch; antidumping and countervailing duties, including illegally dumped seafood; counterproliferation; gang activity; and drug smuggling. ICE shall submit a fiscal year 2016 budget request that includes funds sufficient to annualize the costs of prior year staff enhancements. In addition, ICE is directed to develop a workforce model to better inform requirements for investigative staffing, including the necessary balance of special agents and mission support personnel. 
ICE is directed to train at least two classes 
of veterans through the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) ChildRescue Corps to support child exploitation investigations and to brief the Committees on its efforts not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, including efforts to hire HERO graduates or to help place them with other Federal, state, or local agencies with related missions. 
than $15,000,000 for intellectual property rights and commercial trade fraud investigations, including activities at the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center. 
In lieu of the operational reporting requirement in the House report, ICE is directed to work with the Committees on a format for submitting quarterly updates on operations not later than 15 days after the end of each quarter. 
A total of $160,208,000 is provided for International Investigations. Within the total, an increase of $7,113,000 is included to fund increased State Department service fees; an increase of $12,000,000 is provided to expand the Visa Security Program to highthreat countries; and an increase of $3,500,000 is provided to support enhancements to the PATRIOT information technology system for visa vetting. In support of ICE’s international efforts to counter the humanitarian crisis caused by the influx of UAC, the bill also provides increases of $1,764,000 to double the number of vetted units in Central America and $3,373,000 to expand human smuggling investigations. 
The bill does not include funds for ICE’s efforts to establish a unified career path for ERO frontline law enforcement positions and ensure pay parity in the ERO workforce. Such funds were not requested by the President and are not affordable due to other immigration enforcement and border security budget shortfalls. 
by the Senate report, ICE is directed to provide regular updates on the detained and nondetained populations subject to removal proceedings, including details on enforcement priority level, and to work with the Committees on the format and content of such updates. 
annual reports on the deportation of parents of U.S.born citizens. 
A total of $2,532,593,000 is provided for Custody Operations. Because the fiscal year 2015 budget request assumed an artificially low cost per detention bed, it failed to propose funding sufficient to support even the 30,539 beds included in the request, much less the 34,000 detention beds required in annual appropriations Acts. This type of flawed budgeting practice is not credible, and forces the 
Committees to rectify the shortfall at considerable expense to other critical ICE and DHS priorities. Consequently, an increase of $385,103,000 above the request is required to maintain 34,000 beds. DHS is directed to present a fiscal year 2016 budget request for ICE that uses accurate cost estimates, and to include details in the budget justification material that rigorously support those estimates. The Department must stop employing misleading and operationally harmful budgeting gimmicks. 
$362,155,000 to support additional staffing and detention capacity secured by ICE in response to the significant growth in family units crossing the Southwest border illegally during fiscal year 2014, which is intended to serve as a deterrent to future illegal migration. ICE shall ensure these facilities meet all ICE Family Residential Standards and shall immediately notify the Committees of any material violations of such standards. Fugitive Operations 
A total of $142,615,000 is provided for Fugitive Operations, including $12,100,000 above the request to hire additional officers and restore staffing to fiscal year 2013 levels. 
Criminal Alien Program, including an increase of $7,500,000 to mitigate the potential public safety challenge posed by the growing number of jurisdictions choosing not to honor ICE detainers on illegal aliens in their custody. Of primary concern is the release of aliens subject to removal who may pose a danger to the community, requiring ICE to expend additional resources and putting ICE personnel at greater risk when bringing the aliens back into custody. ICE is directed to publish on its website the list of jurisdictions failing to honor ICE detainers and to include details on individuals released as a result of these decisions, segmented by jurisdiction and level of criminality. 
Alternatives to Detention (ATD) program, including an increase of $15,878,000 to support the supervision of family units placed into removal proceedings after illegally crossing the border. 
In recent years, ICE has taken steps to improve ATD costeffectiveness through better guidance to ERO officers and agents on the factors to consider when determining appropriate placements in ATD. This has included guidance on when enrollment in ATD, transition to lower levels of supervision, or reenrollment in ATD may be more or less effective depending on the particular stage in the removal process. ICE has also established additional performance measures to assess compliance with program requirements. 
Beginning 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, ICE shall provide semiannual briefings to the Committees on compliance rates for both the fullservice and the technologyonly ATD programs. These briefings shall include evaluations of the ATD program by field office; a description of any plans for expansion of the program to additional field offices; and an update on the status of responding to recommendations by GAO (GAO–15–26) to collect additional compliance data and make better use of collected data to assess field office implementation of program guidance. In addition, in order to increase transparency on the use of ATD, ICE is expected to post on its website any contractor evaluations or OIG reports related to the program. 
support the requirement to maintain 34,000 detention beds, and an increase of $64,220,000 to support the transportation and removal costs for UAC and family units anticipated 
to enter the United States illegally in fiscal year 2015. 
ICE is directed to establish, in coordination with OCRCL, an internal review process for any solicitation or request for proposal of a National License Plate Recognition database or other similar project, and to brief the Committees on this review process not later 
than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. ICE is directed to include in the review process notification to the Committees prior to obligation of any funds for such a database or any similar project. Further, for any such database being established, ICE shall undertake the required privacy impact assessment. 
As requested, a total of $26,000,000 is provided for Automation Modernization. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
Aviation Security. In addition to the discretionary appropriation for Aviation Security, a mandatory appropriation totaling $250,000,000 is available through the Aviation Security Capital Fund. Statutory language reflects the collection of $2,065,000,000 from aviation security fees, as authorized. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Screening Partnership Program (SPP), which reflects the estimated funding requirement for current and recently awarded SPP airports. TSA is expected to more proactively utilize the SPP, expeditiously approve the applications of airports seeking to participate in the program that meet legislatively mandated criteria, plan and manage toward a 12–month timeline for awarding applicable contracts for each new airport, and notify the Committees if it expects to obligate less than the appropriated amount. 
TSA is directed to implement generally accepted accounting methodologies for cost and performance comparisons. As detailed in the House report, this includes, but is not limited to, appropriate, comprehensive, and accurate comparisons of Federal employee retirement costs and the administrative overhead associated with Federal screening services. 
As detailed in the Senate report, TSA is directed to adjust its PPA lines and notify the Committees within 10 days to account for any changes in private screening contracts, including new awards under the SPP or the movement from privatized screening into Federal screening. TSA is to provide the Committees semiannual reports on its execution of the SPP and the processing of applications for participation. 
Screener Training and Other, including $99,600,000 for Transportation Security Officer Training. 
A total of $88,469,000 is provided for Checkpoint Support. The reduction below the request reflects the availability of balances that have remained unobligated for over seven years. 
A total of $83,933,000 is provided for Explosives Detection Systems (EDS) Procurement and Installation. Including the existing mandatory Aviation Security Capital Fund appropriation of $250,000,000, the total appropriation for fiscal year 2015 for EDS procurement and installation is $333,933,000. For airports that are more than 12 months 
from construction and are able to demonstrate that certain highspeed EDS for 
checked baggage would be more efficient and result in long term cost savings compared to mediumspeed systems, TSA shall consider lifting the current prohibition on the use of TSA funding for design and construction of such systems not yet on TSA’s Qualified Products List. 
lieu of language in the House bill, TSA is directed to brief the Committees, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on its fiscal year 2015 investment plans for checkpoint security and EDS refurbishment, procurement, and installation on an airportbyairport basis. The briefing shall address specific technologies intended for purchase, program schedules and major milestones, a schedule for obligation of the funds, recapitalization priorities, the status of operational testing for each passenger screening technology under development, and a table detailing current unobligated balances and anticipated unobligated balances at the close of the fiscal year. The briefing shall also include details on passenger screening pilot programs that are in progress or being considered for implementation in fiscal year 2015. Further, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, TSA is directed to brief the Committees on its fiscal year 2015 investment plans for air cargo security. The expenditure plan briefings described under this heading are separate and distinct from the obligation and expenditure guidance noted in Title I of this statement. 
A total of $349,821,000 is provided for Aviation Regulation and Other Enforcement. Within this total, $129,900,000 is provided for the National Explosives Detection Canine Team Program and $70,550,000 is provided for Airport Law Enforcement and Assessments. 
Federal Air Marshals (FAMS). The amount provided under this heading reflects current 
attrition rates, the consolidation of FAMS into Aviation Security, and the realignment of the remaining FAMS funding into the Surface Transportation Security appropriation. 
The Department is required to deploy Federal Air Marshals on flights determined to 
present high security risks, and to make nonstop, long distance flights, including inbound international flights, a priority, as per 49 U.S.C. 44917. Therefore, TSA is expected to utilize personnel and deployment patterns to optimize coverage of flights to address known threats, minimize risk, and complement the full range of security resources deployed by the U.S. government. TSA is to brief the Committees on the optimal mix of FAMS personnel and the types and frequency of flights for which coverage should be provided. Other details are included within the classified annex. 
to brief the Committees, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on its efforts to implement recommendations made in a recent study of operations and staffing by the Homeland Security Studies and Analysis Institute. 
A total of $123,749,000 is provided for Surface Transportation Security. Within the amount appropriated, $94,519,000 is for the Surface Inspectors and Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR) PPA, including a reduction of $3,000,000 below the request to reduce the number of VIPR teams to 31, compared to the 33 requested in the budget. 
A total of $219,166,000 is provided for Intelligence and Vetting. To facilitate oversight, TSA shall brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on efforts to modernize vetting and credentialing infrastructure. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Flight. Due to delays in implementing the Large Aircraft and Charter Screening Program, the funding requested is not provided. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY SUPPORT  
A total of $917,226,000 is provided for Transportation Security Support. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
The bill withholds $25,000,000 from obligation until TSA submits to the Committees a report providing evidence that behavioral indicators can be successfully used to identify passengers who may pose a threat to aviation security, as well as a report addressing GAO’s concerns with TSA’s Advanced Imaging Technology program. TSA shall also brief the Committees on the specific actions being taken to address recent allegations of unethical activity involving the purchase and sale of firearms within FAMS. 
A total of $7,043,318,000 is provided for Operating Expenses, including $553,000,000 for defense activities, of which $213,000,000 is designated for overseas contingency operations (OCO) and the global war on terrorism (GWOT). Funds provided in support of GWOT and OCO under this heading may be allocated without regard to section 503 in Title V of this Act. Pending the submission of the Capital Investment Plan (CIP) with the President’s budget, the bill withholds from obligation $85,000,000 of the appropriation. 
The appropriated amount includes the following increases to the budget request: $50,000,000 to reduce the backlog in critical depot level maintenance; $7,800,000 to maintain one of the two High Endurance Cutters proposed for decommissioning; $15,000,000 to restore operational hours and critical depot 
maintenance reductions; $4,200,000 for counterdrug surge operations; $2,200,000 to restore a Bravo Zero response capability; $7,500,000 to restore unjustified cuts to military special pays; $1,000,000 to restore cuts to vessel boarding teams; $2,500,000 to restore cuts to information technology programs; and $2,740,000 to address an anticipated shortfall in small boat purchases. The appropriated amount also includes the request for the 2015 military pay increase. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
within the Coast Guard Operating Expenses appropriation instead of within funding provided to the Department of Defense. The Coast Guard is directed to brief the Committees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on any changes expected in the funding requirement for OCO/ GWOT activities during fiscal year 2015. Further, the Coast Guard is directed to include details of its current and future support to Central Command in the classified annex of the fiscal year 2016 budget request. 
Bay, Maryland, is recognized as a critical component of the Coast Guard’s core logistics capability that directly supports fleet 
readiness. Sufficient industrial work should be assigned to the Yard to sustain this capability. 
drydock facilities at the Coast Guard Yard, as directed in the Senate report. 
the fiscal year 2016 budget request, the information directed in the Senate report concerning the National Housing Assessment. 
Not later than July 1, 2015, the Commandant shall submit to the Committees a new Mission Needs Statement (MNS), which will be used to inform the outyear CIP. The MNS should assume that the Coast Guard requires the capability to continue to carry 
Commandant shall submit to the Committees a revised Concept of Operations (CONOPS), which, in conjunction with the MNS, will be used as a planning document for the Coast Guard’s recapitalization needs. The CONOPS shall determine the most cost effective method of executing mission needs by addressing gaps identified in the MNS, addressing the funding requirements proposed in the fiveyear CIP, and providing options for reasonable combinations of alternative capabilities of air and surface assets, to include icebreaking resources and fleet mix. 
fiscal year 2015 small boat purchases, as detailed in the Senate report. For fiscal year 2016, such information shall be included within the congressional budget justification. Further, the Coast Guard shall work with industry partners to outline annual small boat requirements and to better understand the cost implications of indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity purchase agreements. Command and Control Aircraft 
Guard shall notify the Committees of any changes in the type or number of its command and control aircraft. Further, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall brief the 
Committees on the path forward for future leases or purchases of such aircraft. 
A total of $13,197,000 is provided for Environmental Compliance and Restoration. RESERVE TRAINING  
A total of $114,572,000 is provided for Reserve Training. 
A total of $1,225,223,000 is provided for Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
National Security Cutter (NSC) program. The total reflects a reduction of $7,500,000 based upon previous production cost savings and updated execution data from the Coast Guard and $3,953,000 for close out and other costs requested well ahead of need. Within the NSC total, $6,300,000 is included for small unmanned aircraft systems. 
is included for the preservation of the Polar Sea in anticipation of a potential, future year reactivation. 
polar icebreaking program. Current program efforts for fiscal year 2015 are fully funded from prior year appropriations. H–60 Airframe Replacement 
for the continued work on the remanufacture of H–60 helicopters. 
A total of $20,000,000 is provided for the HC– 
27J Spartan aircraft program, to include an additional $5,000,000 for aircraft spares. 
A total of $6,000,000 is provided for the recapitalization, improvement, and acquisition of housing to support military families. The Coast Guard shall provide to the Committees an expenditure plan for these funds in the shore facilities report required to be submitted not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
A total of $17,892,000 is provided for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation. 
A total of $1,450,626,000 is provided for Retired Pay. The Coast Guard’s Retired Pay appropriation is a mandatory budget activity. 
A total of $1,615,860,000 is provided for Salaries and Expenses. Included in the amount is $21,500,000 to begin preparation and training for presidential candidate nominee protection for the 2016 presidential election, including for protective vehicles and communications technology; and $4,000,000 to establish the protective detail for the next former President. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
raised serious concerns about the leadership and management of the Secret Service. In its Security Report on the White House Incursion Incident of September 19, 2014, the Department highlighted critical failures in information sharing and communications, confusion about operational protocols, and gaps in training at the White House Complex. While some of these problems can be attributed to insufficient resources requested by DHS and the Office of Management and Budget, others are systemic and appear to reflect broader cultural challenges within the Secret Service. To begin addressing some of these shortfalls, the bill provides an additional $25,000,000 in the Protection of Persons and Facilities PPA. These resources shall be used in part to support additional tactical canine units and staff, assess and bolster security infrastructure at both the White House Complex and Vice President’s Residence, and fund overtime and training. The Secret Service is directed to brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on its plans for using these additional resources to provide the necessary security enhancements and training. 
allegations of misconduct within the Secret Service are deeply disappointing. The Secret Service is expected to take all steps necessary to ensure that it has in place the proper training and protocols to prevent similar incidents and to hold violators accountable for their actions. Accordingly, the bill withholds $10,000,000 from obligation for Headquarters, Management and Administration until the Secret Service submits to the Committees, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report providing evidence that the Secret Service has sufficiently reviewed its professional standards of conduct; issued new guidance for the procedures and conduct of employees when engaged in overseas operations and protective missions; and instituted a professional standards policy consistent with the agency’s critical missions and unique position of public trust. 
As detailed in the House and Senate reports, a total of $108,437,000 is provided for the Secret Service’s various cyber activities, including electronic crimes investigations and state and local cybercrime training. Within this total, not less than $12,000,000 is provided for the robust support and expansion of basic and advanced training for state and local law enforcement personnel, judges, and prosecutors to combat cybercrime. 
costs associated with the Secret Service’s statutory responsibility to direct the planning and coordination of National Special Security Events (NSSEs). As described in the House report, the Secret Service shall provide periodic updates on NSSEs planned for fiscal year 2015 prior to and following each event. 
The bill provides a total of $1,025,000 for Information Integration and Technology 
Transformation activities of the Secret Service. The Secret Service is directed to brief the Committees on all Secret Service information technology activities to include the information previously required in the multiyear investment plan. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secret Service is directed to provide a strategic human capital plan for fiscal years 2015 through 2019 that aligns mission requirements with resource projections and delineates between protective and investigative missions. The plan shall address how projected resources can provide the appropriate combination of special agents and Uniformed Division officers to avoid routine leave restrictions, enable a regular schedule of missioncritical training, and provide appropriate levels of support staffing. 
A total of $49,935,000 is provided for Acquisition, Construction, Improvements, and Related Expenses, including $5,380,000 for facilities and $44,555,000 for investments in Information Integration and Technology Transformation programs. 
A total of $61,651,000 is provided for Management and Administration (M&A) of the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD). The request to transfer 18 FTE from OBIM to the NPPD M&A PPA is denied; therefore, the $2,914,000 for these FTE is included in the total provided for OBIM. The bill includes a new provision requiring NPPD to submit its fiscal year 2016 budget request by office and PPA. All information shall be submitted in the congressional budget justification and clearly demonstrate funding levels and projected program outcomes. NPPD is directed to brief the Committees quarterly on a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds for all accounts, as specified under Title I of this statement. 
A total of $1,188,679,000 is provided for Infrastructure Protection and Information Security (IPIS), of which $225,000,000 is available until September 30, 2016. 
of funds for Next Generation Networks activities if there are delays due to contract actions in other programs. The provision is provided to promote the best use of funds only if there are unavoidable delays in other critical activities. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
infrastructure information and analysis capability to guide decisionmaking that helps prevent and respond to incidents. Within the amount provided for Infrastructure Analysis and Planning, $17,150,000 is for the National Infrastructure Simulation and Analysis Center; $15,500,000 is for Vulnerability Assessments; and $9,000,000 is for the Office of Bombing Prevention. 
NPPD shall expand its efforts to strengthen the ability of government and private sector critical infrastructure partners to assess risks, coordinate programs and processes, and execute risk management programs and activities. Accordingly, a total of $64,961,000 is provided for Sector Management and Governance, which includes $2,000,000 above the request to define agency needs, identify requirements for communitylevel critical infrastructure protection and resilience, and rapidly develop, test, and transition to use technologies that address needs and requirements. 
shall provide semiannual reports on the implementation of the Chemical Facility Anti Terrorism Standards (CFATS) program that include the numbers of facilities covered; inspectors; completed inspections; inspections completed by region; pending inspections; days inspections are overdue; enforcement actions resulting from inspections; and enforcement actions overdue for resolution. 
As described in the House and Senate reports, NPPD’s excessive use of administratively uncontrollable overtime (AUO) was inappropriate. As a result, the President’s budget request for Infrastructure Security Compliance has been reduced. NPPD shall brief the Committees on implementation of its new overtime policies and on overtime yeartodate and anticipated expenditures, not later than May 1, 2015. 
to secure the .gov domain remains onerous, prohibiting efficient implementation and the opportunity to make protections more broadly available to critical infrastructure operators and state and local governments. NPPD is directed to move as expeditiously as possible, working with the Tier I internet service providers, other partners, and Federal departments and agencies, to deploy intrusion prevention security systems and continuous diagnostics capabilities. As part of NPPD’s quarterly briefings on obligations and expenditures, NPPD shall keep the Committees apprised of the deployment schedules associated with its major cybersecurity programs. 
DHS has made progress through its collaborative efforts with Federal agencies in overcoming obstacles and implementing cybersecurity tools while safeguarding sensitive information. A recent agreement with the Census Bureau to use EINSTEIN services and the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness 
Team should be used as a template for other Federal agencies that have been reticent to take advantage of EINSTEIN services because of concerns about protecting sensitive data. 
Cybersecurity Management, of which no less than $15,810,000 is for cybersecurity education. As described in the Senate report, NPPD is directed to conduct a review of the feasibility and benefit (including cost savings and security) of using cybersecurity personnel and facilities outside of the National Capital Region to serve Federal and national needs. Findings of this review shall be reported to Congress not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Federal Protective Service (FPS), as requested. This amount is fully offset by collections of security fees. Pursuant to the Senate report, the Secretary is directed to certify, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act that FPS will collect sufficient revenue and fees to fully fund operations and 1,371 FTE, including no less than 1,007 in law enforcement, as requested in the budget. A provision is included requiring that a strategic human capital plan be submitted with the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget proposal. 
A total of $252,056,000 is provided for the Office of Biometric Identity Management (OBIM). The request to transfer 18 FTE from OBIM to the NPPD M&A PPA is denied; therefore, the $2,914,000 for these FTE is included in the total provided for OBIM. Not less than $25,382,000 is provided for IDENT system improvements and modernization efforts. OBIM is directed to brief the Committees on a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds, as specified under Title I of this statement. 
Committees semiannually on its workload and service levels, staffing, modernization efforts, and other operations, with the first briefing not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. These briefings shall include an update on the estimated costs and schedule for replacing the current IDENT system and the schedule for enrolling TSA’s special vetted populations and DHS employees and contractors into IDENT. 
briefings on interagency coordination with the Departments of Justice, Defense, and State, and progress towards integrating the various biometric systems, including Unique Identity. 
A total of $129,358,000 is provided for the Office of Health Affairs (OHA). Of the total amount, $86,891,000 is for BioWatch; $824,000 is for the Chemical Defense Program; 
$10,500,000 is for the National Biosurveillance Integration Center (NBIC); $4,995,000 is for Planning and Coordination; and $26,148,000 is for Salaries and Expenses. 
begin replacement of aging BioWatch equipment to maintain current biodetection capabilities. OHA and the Science and Technology Directorate are directed to brief the Committees not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the path forward for BioWatch and biosurveillance programs. 
$2,500,000 above the amount requested, including a total of $3,400,000 to operationalize successful pilots funded in prior years. Prior to obligating this operationalization funding, OHA shall brief the Committees on its evaluation of the NBIC pilot projects and its proposal to operationalize successful pilots, including the resulting capability enhancements and funding requirements for those activities in fiscal year 2015 and future years. 
A total of $934,396,000 is provided for Salaries and Expenses. Within the total, not less than: $2,000,000 is for the Emergency Management Assistance Compact; $4,199,515 is for the National Hurricane Program; $8,500,000 is for the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program; $9,100,000 is for the National Dam Safety Program; and $4,000,000 is for automation modernization. Of the total, $30,000,000 is for capital improvements to the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center. A provision is included providing funding related to modernization of automated systems. 
It is noted that the reprogramming notification requirements delineated in section 503 of this Act apply to the movement of funds between and among programs, projects, or activities (PPAs). In that regard, while the funding table included at the end of this statement provides guidance on reprogramming control levels, section 503 notification requirements also apply to funding amounts referenced in budget justification materials, Committee reports, and ‘‘new starts,’’ defined as any significant new activity that has not been explicitly justified to the Congress in budget justification material and appropriated by the Congress during the normal budget process. When determining which movements of funds are subject to section 503, FEMA is reminded to follow GAO’s definition of ‘‘program, project, or activity’’ as detailed in the GAO’s A Glossary of Terms Used in the Federal Budget Process. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
statement, FEMA shall include funding and FTE information in the budget justifications for fiscal year 2016, to include the prior year actual funding level, an estimate for current year funding, and the request for the budget year for all PPAs, programs, and subprograms. 
State and Local Programs appropriation, FEMA shall brief the Committees on the results of the review of its training programs when completed. The briefing shall include the requirements for attaining the personnel qualification levels dictated in the recent 2014–2018 FEMA Strategic Plan. 
A total of $4,000,000 is provided for automation modernization. In lieu of the direction by the Senate, the Administrator of FEMA and the DHS CIO shall brief the Committees 
on the expenditure plan for automation modernization to include the prior year actual funding level, an estimate for current year funding, and the request for the budget year. 
conduct an assessment that shall provide advice and recommendations regarding the appropriate roles and missions of the FEMA Regional Offices for the purpose of maximizing the Agency’s ability to carry out authorized activities and determining budgetary requirements. The assessment will seek to identify and distinguish, in consideration of each region’s unique requirements due to geography, demographics, and other factors, which FEMA Regional Office roles, missions, and functions might be added or enhanced; maintained at current levels of performance; reduced, eliminated, or moved; or better performed by private organizations (by contract or otherwise), public authorities, local or state governments, or other Federal agencies. The assessment will be completed not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Effort initiative, $1,138,000 is realigned from the DHS Office of Policy to the Mitigation PPA for the Resilience STAR program; $900,000 is realigned from the DHS Office of Operations Coordination and Planning (OPS) to the Response PPA for the Very Small Aperture Terminal (VSAT) project; and $500,000 is realigned from OPS to the Response PPA for the Interagency Modeling and Atmospheric Center. 
State and Local Programs, to be distributed by PPA as follows: 
Provisions are included specifying timeframes for grant awards, limiting grantee administrative costs to five percent of the total amount of each grant, permitting the 
construction of communication towers under certain conditions, requiring reports from grantees as necessary, and permitting the use of certain funds for security buffer zones at FEMA facilities. 
A total of $233,000,000 is provided for Education, Training, and Exercises. Within the total, $29,521,000 is for Continuing Training, including $3,500,000 for rural first responder training and not less than $2,000,000 for hazardous materials training. 
conduct risk assessments for the 100 most populous metropolitan areas prior to making Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) grant awards. Because most of the cumulative national terrorism risk to urban areas is focused on a relatively small number of cities, it is expected that UASI funding will be limited to urban areas representing up to 85 percent of such risk and that resources will continue to be allocated in proportion to risk. 
A total of $680,000,000 is provided for Firefighter Assistance Grants, including $340,000,000 in grants for firefighter equipment, protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and other resources, and $340,000,000 
A total of $350,000,000 is provided for Emergency Management Performance Grants. 
for the receipt and expenditure of fees collected, as authorized by Public Law 105–276. 
of this Act rescinding $375,000,000 from amounts provided for nonmajor disaster response in prior years due to the significant balances carried over from fiscal year 2014 and amounts recovered from previous disasters during project closeouts. The remaining balances, combined with the amount appropriated in this bill, fully fund all known requirements, to include recovery from Hurricane Sandy, the Colorado wildfires, the Oklahoma tornadoes, and other previous disasters, as well as an estimate of relief efforts for future disasters. 
In lieu of direction in the House report directing FEMA to provide a report on the Public Assistance Alternative Procedures Program to certain committees, FEMA shall provide the report to Congress. 
FEMA shall include in the budget justification for fiscal year 2016 a detailed justification for all categories funded with base discretionary funding, including a detailed obligation plan for the Disaster Readiness Support (DRS) program. Additionally, FEMA shall provide briefings on the obligation and expenditure of DRS funding not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act and semiannually thereafter. 
FEMA is directed to continue rigorous efforts to prevent improper payments to citizens seeking disaster assistance. Reclaiming funds from individuals during a financially fragile time is destructive and can leave families in ruin. If an improper payment is made, FEMA shall implement the appeals process efficiently and pay diligent attention to overpayments made due to FEMA’s error. If the improper payment cannot be forgiven, 
Federal agencies, including HUD, to find acceptable proof of work for completion of home elevations. 
National Flood Insurance Fund, for which administrative costs shall not exceed four percent. 
FEMA is encouraged to promote more extensive use of the Community Rating System (CRS) nationwide. FEMA is directed to dedicate resources for robust implementation of CRS and to continue working with institutions with expertise in floodplain management and disaster risk management that can provide direct technical assistance to communities to develop applications. 
A total of $25,000,000 is provided for the National Predisaster Mitigation Fund, to remain available until expended. 
Emergency Food and Shelter (EFS) program, of which administrative costs shall not exceed 3.5 percent. A provision, as proposed in 
the budget request, is not included for the FEMA Administrator to transfer the funding and administrative responsibility for EFS to the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). While the proposal to transfer EFS to HUD has merits, outreach with appropriate stakeholders is required to ensure a successful transition. Should such a transfer be proposed in future budget requests, it is expected that FEMA and HUD will have a comprehensive outreach strategy as well as a full transition plan as part of such proposal. 
A total of $124,435,000 is provided in discretionary appropriations for EVerify. 
A total of $230,497,000 is provided for Salaries and Expenses. The amount available for official reception and representation expenses, $7,180, reflects recent historic expenditures for this purpose. FLETC is directed to brief the Committees on a plan for the obligation and expenditure of funds, as specified under Title I of this statement. ACQUISITIONS , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
A total of $27,841,000 is provided for Acquisition, Construction, Improvements, and Related Expenses. FLETC shall submit, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, an updated fiveyear comprehensive master plan for its four training centers. 
A total of $129,993,000 is provided for Management and Administration. This amount includes funds realigned from the DHS Office of Operations Coordination and Planning for the S&T NextGen Air Transportation System, as part of the Secretary’s Unity of Effort initiative. 
A total of $973,915,000 is provided for Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations. In lieu of quarterly reports, the Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) is directed to provide semiannual briefings to the Committees on the review and prioritization of each S&Tfunded R&D project, including documentation on how each newlyfunded project meets S&T’s prioritization and funding criteria. 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
A total of $457,499,000 is provided for Research, Development, and Innovation. S&T is directed to brief the Committees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the proposed allocation of funds by project and thrust area, and to provide quarterly status briefings on the plan and any changes from the original allocation. 
The House and Senate reports both emphasized cybersecurity research as a strong priority. In addition, the Department is strongly encouraged to expand its work with cyber research infrastructure test beds and accompanying cyber education. 
reports, S&T shall brief the Committees not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the Apex funding allocation by project and on progress made to field improved technologies. National Bio and Agrodefense Facility 
The bill provides $434,989,000 for Laboratory Facilities, of which $300,000,000 is for construction of the National Bio and Agro defense Facility. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, S&T shall submit a plan to the Committees on the proposed structure of a liaison program that establishes a permanent mechanism for interaction between S&T and the components. 
A total of $39,724,000 is provided for University Programs, which will allow S&T to fund all existing centers at an appropriate level and the new center expected to be awarded in fiscal year 2015. S&T shall brief the Committees not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the status of competitively selecting the new center. DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
A total of $37,339,000 is provided for Management and Administration. As directed in the Senate report, in lieu of an annual report, DNDO shall brief the Committees annually on the Department’s strategic investment plan, including DNDO’s ability to surge capabilities with Federal, state, and local level assets to respond to suspected radiological threats. 
A total of $197,900,000 is provided for Research, Development, and Operations. Included in this amount is an increase of $1,000,000 above the request to restore cuts to the National Nuclear Forensics Expertise 
The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
Systems Acquisition. The amount provided for this appropriation by PPA is as follows: 
House and Senate is continued that no part of any appropriation shall remain available for obligation beyond the current year unless expressly provided. 
House and Senate is continued that unexpended balances of prior appropriations may be merged with new appropriation accounts and used for the same purpose, subject to reprogramming guidelines. 
House and Senate is continued that limits authority to reprogram appropriations within an account and provides authority to transfer up to five percent between appropriations accounts with 15–day advance notification to the Committees. Congressional control levels for reprogramming purposes include, but are not limited to, the amounts identified in the detailed funding table located at the end of this statement. These reprogramming guidelines shall be complied with by all agencies funded by this Act. 
The Department shall submit reprogramming requests on a timely basis and provide complete explanations of the reallocations proposed, including detailed justifications of the increases and offsets, and any specific impact the proposed changes will have on the budget request for the following fiscal year and futureyear appropriations requirements. Each request submitted to the Committees should include a detailed table showing the proposed revisions at the account, program, project, and activity level to the funding and staffing (fulltime equivalent position) levels for the current fiscal year and to the levels requested in the President’s budget for the following fiscal year. 
The Department shall manage its programs and activities within the levels appropriated. The Department should only submit reprogramming or transfer requests in the case of an unforeseeable emergency or situation that could not have been predicted when formulating the budget request for the current fiscal year. When the Department submits a reprogramming or transfer request to the Committees and does not receive identical responses from the House and Senate, it is the responsibility of the Department to reconcile the House and Senate differences before proceeding and, if reconciliation is not possible, to consider the reprogramming or transfer request not approved. 
Unless an initial notification has been provided, the Department is not to submit a reprogramming or transfer of funds notification after June 30 except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. If a reprogramming or transfer is needed after June 30, the submittal should contain sufficient documentation as to why it meets this statutory exception. 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department to make payment to the Working Capital Fund (WCF), except for activities and amounts allowed in the President’s fiscal year 2015 request. Funds provided to the WCF are available until expended. The Department can only charge components for direct usage of the WCF and these funds may be used only for the purposes consistent with the contributing component. Any funds paid in advance or reimbursed must reflect the full cost of each service. The Department shall submit a notification for the addition or removal of any activity to the fund and shall submit quarterly execution reports with activity level detail. 
House and Senate is continued that not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining at the end of fiscal year 2015 from appropriations made for salaries and expenses shall remain available through fiscal year 2016 subject to section 503 reprogramming guidelines. 
House and Senate is continued that funds for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2015. 
House and Senate is continued and modified requiring notification of the Committees three days before grant allocations, grant awards, contract awards, other transactional agreements, letters of intent, a task or delivery order on a multiple contract award totaling $1,000,000 or more, a task or delivery order greater than $10,000,000 from multi year funds, or solesource grant awards, are announced by the Department, including contracts covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. The Department is required to brief the Committees five full business days prior to announcing the intention to make a grant under State and Local Programs. Notification shall include a description of the project or projects to be funded, including city, county, and state. 
House and Senate is continued that no agency shall purchase, construct, or lease additional facilities for Federal law enforcement training without advance approval of the Committees. 
House and Senate is continued that none of the funds may be used for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved. 
House and Senate is continued that consolidates by reference prior year statutory bill language into one provision. These provisions relate to contracting officer’s technical representative training; sensitive security information; and the use of funds in conformance with section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 
House and Senate is continued that none of the funds may be used in contravention of the Buy American Act. 
House and Senate is continued regarding the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
House and Senate is continued and modified requiring the Chief Financial Officer to submit monthly budget execution and staffing reports within 30 days after the close of each month. Section 514. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is continued and modified directing that any funds appropriated or transferred to TSA’s Aviation Security, Administration, and Transportation Security Support appropriations in fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for procurement and installation of explosives detection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to notification. Semiannual reports must be submitted identifying any funds that are recovered or deobligated. 
Senate is included regarding competitive sourcing for USCIS. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued for fiscal year 2015 requiring that any funds appropriated to 
the Coast Guard’s 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as a result of negotiation, mediation, or litigation, shall be available until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
House and Senate is continued classifying the functions of the instructor staff at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center as inherently governmental for purposes of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act. 
House and Senate is continued regarding grants or contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition. The Inspector General is required to review Departmental contracts awarded noncompetitively and report on the results to the Committees. 
House is included that prohibits funding pertaining to the Principal Federal Official during a Stafford Act declared disaster or emergency, with certain exceptions. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued that precludes DHS from using funds in this Act to carry out reorganization authority. This prohibition is not intended to prevent the Department from carrying out routine or small reallocations of personnel or functions within components, subject to section 503 of this Act. This language prevents large scale reorganization of the Department, which should be acted on legislatively by the relevant congressional committees of jurisdiction. 
Senate is included prohibiting the Secretary from reducing operations within the Coast Guard’s Civil Engineering Program except as specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funding to grant an immigration benefit to any individual unless the results of the background checks required in statute, to be completed prior to the grant of the benefit, have been received by DHS. 
House and Senate is continued extending other transactional authority for DHS through fiscal year 2015. 
House and Senate is continued regarding waivers of the Jones Act. 
House and Senate is continued related to prescription drugs. 
Senate is included prohibiting funds from being used to reduce the Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its governmentemployed or contract staff. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued requiring the Secretary, in conjunction with the Secretary of the Treasury, to notify the Committees of any proposed transfers from the Department of Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within DHS. No funds may be obligated until the Committees approve the proposed transfers. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. 
Senate is included prohibiting funds to be used to conduct or implement the results of a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued that requires a report to be posted on the FEMA website summarizing damage assessment information used to determine whether to declare a major disaster. 
House and Senate is continued directing that any official required by this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations may not delegate any such authority unless expressly authorized to do so in this Act. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting the use of funds for the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds in this Act to be used for firstclass travel. 
House and Senate is continued and made permanent relating to the proper disposal of personal information collected through the Registered Traveler program. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to pay for award or incentive fees for contractors with below satisfactory performance or performance that fails to meet the basic requirements of the contract. 
House and Senate is continued that requires any new processes developed to screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security to consider privacy and civil liberties, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
House and Senate is continued that permits the allocation of funds for an immigrant integration grants program. The grants shall be used to provide services to individuals who have been lawfully admitted into the 
Senate is included providing a total of $48,600,000 for consolidation of the new DHS headquarters at St. Elizabeths and related mission support activities. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for DHS to enter into a Federal contract unless the contract meets requirements of the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 or chapter 137 of title 10 U.S.C., and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless the contract is otherwise authorized by statute without regard to this section. 
House and Senate is included and modified providing $34,072,000 for financial systems modernization activities to be allocated by the Secretary and allowing the Secretary to transfer financial systems modernization funds made available by this Act between appropriations after notifying the Committees 15 days in advance. Funding is available for two years. 
House and Senate is continued providing flexibility to the Department in responding to an immigration emergency, subject to notification. 
House and Senate is continued permitting the Department to sell ICEowned detention facilities and use the proceeds from any sale for improvement to other facilities provided that any such sale will not result in the maintenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds. 
House and Senate is continued and modified pertaining to multiyear investment and management plans for certain activities within CBP and ICE. 
House and Senate is continued and modified stating that the Secretary shall ensure enforcement of all immigration laws. 
House and Senate is included and modified regarding Federal Network Security. 
House and Senate is continued regarding restrictions on electronic access to pornography, except for law enforcement purposes. 
House and Senate is continued regarding the transfer of firearms by Federal law enforcement personnel. 
House and Senate is continued prohibiting any funds from this or any other Act to be used for creation of the National Preparedness Grant Program or any successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
House is included prohibiting funds for the position of Public Advocate or a successor position within ICE. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is included and modified amending Division F of Public Law 113–76, and Division D of Public Law 113–6, regarding reimbursable publicprivate partnerships and donation authority related to CBP port of entry operations. 
House and Senate is continued regarding funding restrictions and reporting requirements related to conferences occurring outside of the United States. 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits funds made available by this Act to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a NSSE. 
House and Senate is included and modified requiring certification to Congress for new air preclearance operations. 
House is included prohibiting any funds from this or any other Act to be used to require airport operators to provide airportfinanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which TSA provided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued providing the Secretary discretion to waive certain provisions of law related to requirements for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) grants. 
House and Senate is continued that prohibits the collection of new land border fees or the study of the imposition of such border fees. 
Senate is included pertaining to the temporary reemployment of administrative law judges for arbitration dispute resolution. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is continued that clarifies that fees collected pursuant to the Colombia Free Trade Agreement are available until expended. 
Senate is included related to user fee proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to submission of the budget. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House is included requiring the Secretary to report on the Department’s requirements for and usage of weapons. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
House is included which prohibits funds from being used for environmental remediation of LORAN support in a specified location. The Senate proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is included directing the inclusion of budget justification for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 FTE positions or costs more than $5,000,000. 
Senate is included and modified directing the Department to post on a public website reports required by the Committees on Appropriations unless public posting compromises homeland or national security or contains proprietary information. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Senate is included repealing section 605 of Public Law 110–161 related to land border port of entry technology demonstration projects. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Senate is included regarding a transfer to the Disaster Relief Fund from the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program. The transfer has no impact on ongoing loan determinations. The House proposed no similar provision. 
House and Senate is included deeming a Transportation Security Officer, who died as the direct result of an injury sustained in the line of duty on November 13, 2013, as having been a public safety officer for the purposes of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
House and Senate is included requiring OMB and DHS to include in budget justifications budget estimates for costs related to UAC. 
Senate is included regarding the Fire Management Assistance Grant Program. The House proposed no similar provision. 
Section 571. A new provision is included regarding reprogramming and transfer authority for CBP and ICE Salaries and Expenses accounts related to the care and transportation of unaccompanied alien children. 
making costs of providing humanitarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and to alien adults and their minor children an eligible use for certain Homeland Security grants to Southwest border recipients for fiscal years 2013 and 2014. State and local costs to include the costs of personnel, overtime and travel related to enhancing border security are already eligible expenses under the major Homeland Security grant programs; however, costs associated with the immediate care and transportation of UAC and 
families that were incurred by state and local jurisdictions would otherwise not be eligible. 
across the Southwest border overwhelmed Federal resources and put a burden on state and local jurisdictions, particularly small counties along the border. This created not only a humanitarian crisis but also a greater vulnerability to terrorism and other security risks to our Nation. 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding unobligated balances from specified programs. 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding specified funds from the Treasury 
Forfeiture Fund. Section 575. A provision proposed by the 
House and Senate is included and modified rescinding unobligated balances from legacy programs. 
Section 576. A new provision is included rescinding unobligated lapsed balances from DHS programs. 
House and Senate is continued and modified rescinding unobligated balances from FEMA DRF. 
that allows that the explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
yield to the next speaker, I want to make it very clear that the bill that was negotiated by the Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, would pass immediately today, and then we could look forward to a debate on comprehensive immigration reform. 
to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, who worked so hard with the Republicans in producing this outstanding bill. Unfortunately, the bill is very different with the additions that were added just in the last week. 
funding the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2015, has been ready for final passage for almost 2 months. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman CARTER , our 
Senate counterparts, as well as our dedicated committee staff for working cooperatively through November and December to negotiate a comprehensive and balanced measure. 
the underlying bill very, very well. It provides necessary funding increases for the Secret Service to hire new agents for the 2016 Presidential campaign, as well as to make the necessary security adjustments at the White House. 
completion of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter, $813 million more in disaster relief funding at FEMA, and funding for NPPD’s efforts to continue enhancing our national cybersecurity capability. 
that all of these positive efforts stand in stark contrast to the poison pill amendments that the Rules Committee has made in order for this bill, amendments designed to inject partisan anti immigration politics into a bipartisan effort to keep our Nation safe. 
about adding highly inflammatory riders to appropriations bills in a way that wrecks months of cooperative work and makes bipartisan support impossible. We have seen this in middle ofthenight Homeland Security anti immigration amendments for 2 years running. But today we are seeing the most egregious and irresponsible abuse of the appropriations process yet. 
Republican leaders have already delayed a fullyear funding bill for Homeland Security by nearly a month longer than for the rest of the government despite the fact that this bill was fully negotiated and ready for consideration well before the omnibus bill was assembled at the end of the last Congress. Now, more than a quarter of the way through the fiscal year, the Republican leadership is continuing to play dangerous and irresponsible games with the funding of this Department, the Department that was created to protect the Nation from terrorist attacks. 
horrendous murder of 17 individuals last week in France by terrorists. This is an alarming example of the kind of brutal and calculated attack that the Department of Homeland Security and its law enforcement partners are working hard to prevent here in the United States. It is the kind of attack that keeps Secretary Johnson up at night and should keep us up at night as well. This alone should make it unthinkable to dawdle on a fullyear funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Last Sunday, 3 million people participated in unity marches in France. But we are sending a very different message by delaying homeland security funding. 
Six days removed from a heinous terrorist act, we are dawdling. We are holding back. We are refusing to immediately send to the President a bipartisan bill designed to keep the Nation safe. Instead, we are tacking on politically charged items that will rightfully ensure a veto. 
to be under the mistaken impression that departments and agencies might make out just fine under a continuing resolution. Perhaps some Members even think that it would be okay for the Department’s funding to expire for some amount of time beginning in late February so that they could underscore the political point they want to make. That is a patently false assumption. 
budget will be submitted by the President, and DHS still doesn’t know how much money it will be spending in 2015. How can we expect the Department to effectively budget if it has no idea of what the baseline will be for its programs and activities? How can we expect an agency to effectively function when the availability of funding for critical new endeavors is undetermined for a quarter of the fiscal year or more? How can we, as a Congress, even perform effective oversight when we force ourselves to simultaneously finish 2015 funding as we consider the 2016 request? 
stand to lose the most from this flawed Republican strategy are the very agencies they purport to champion, agencies responsible for immigration enforcement: Customs and Border Protection, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
Under the House bill, these two agencies combined would receive nearly $1 billion more than the current spending level, which a CR would reflect. The bill we are not passing would provide that additional funding. Republicans, however, appear more interested in scoring political points than in actually making progress on the border. 
House majority in holding back full year funding for DHS is to help them 
reverse the President’s executive actions on immigration policy; but how is that going to really play out? 
bill will go nowhere. Even if the Senate were to pass the bill with the poison pill riders intact, the President would certainly veto it with absolutely no chance the House or Senate could override that veto. 
What is left of the majority’s strategy? Would the Republican majorities in the House and Senate really be willing to let funding for the Department of Homeland Security lapse when the shortterm continuing resolution expires? The vast majority of DHS employees are considered essential, so they would still need to show up for work. 
willing to let frontline agents and officers at CBP and ICE work without pay? Would the House majority be willing to let the Coast Guard military personnel continue to risk their lives at sea without compensation? 
Democratic Congress ever held funding for the Department of Homeland Security hostage during the George W. Bush administration; yet that is precisely what House Republicans are doing with these poison pill amendments made in order under the rule. 
Believe me, these pills really are poison. They cater to the Republican Conference’s most extreme elements; one of them even targets the DREAM Act students, reversing the President’s widelyacclaimed and accepted decision to focus instead on the deportation of dangerous criminals. 
A fullyear DHS funding bill was negotiated in good faith on a bicameral, bipartisan basis, and it addresses the most pressing needs of the Department and works to protect the country from harm. 
spirited and destructive changes in immigration policy, there is a legislative process for doing that. 
In the meantime, we should be passing a clean, fullyear funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, just as we should have done in December. I urge defeat of the antiimmigration amendments and adoption of the underlying appropriations bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), 
first want to begin by thanking the chairman of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security of the Committee on Appropriations and the chairman of the full Appropriations Committee, the gentlemen from Texas and Kentucky, for their excellent work on this legislation. 
It is important that we pass it, and it 
some of the biggest executive power grabs in American history by unilaterally rewriting our Nation’s immigration laws. These actions ignore the will of the American people who voted in November to change the way Washington operates, and these actions flout the United States Constitution. 
policies threaten the separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch and violate President Obama’s obligation to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. 
Congress must fight to stop these unconstitutional actions from being implemented, and today, the House of Representatives is doing just that. We will consider amendments to this bill that will stop President Obama’s executive overreach in its tracks. 
Two of the amendments will completely defund President Obama’s executive power grabs. One offered by Representatives ROBERT ADERHOLT , M ICK 
defund the President’s new deferred action program for over 4 million unlawful alien parents. It will also defund the other executive actions he announced on November 20 and DHS’ so called prosecutorial discretion memos that have gutted immigration enforcement within the United States. 
the use of appropriated funds to carry out these policies, the amendment will bar President Obama from using immigration user fees, the filing fees to accomplish his executive fiat, and it will prevent him and subsequent Presidents from carrying out similar policies in the future by whatever means, whether it be by memo, executive order, or regulation. 
the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, that has granted deferred action and work authorization to hundreds of thousands of unlawful aliens. 
and domestic violence perpetrators are top priorities for removal by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, something that is not the case in this current administration under the President’s memos. 
The fourth amendment will be offered by Representative SCHOCK . It expresses the sense of Congress that the Obama administration should stop putting the interests of unlawful aliens ahead of legal immigrants. 
Under the President’s DACA program, legal immigrants playing by the rules and seeking to come to the United States the right way have paid the price; they have faced longer wait times even though they have paid the fees to have their applications processed and seeing those fees diverted to 
Congress that U.S. workers should not be harmed by the granting of deferred action and work authorization to unlawful aliens. 
$3,000 incentive to hire an alien granted DACA benefits over a U.S. citizen or legal immigrant worker, since DACA recipients are not eligible for ObamaCare. So, in other words, an employer has an incentive, either not having to provide health insurance and not having to pay the fine, so a minimum of $3,000 if they hire somebody who is not lawfully present in the United States until the President’s executive memos take effect. That should be stopped. 
If President Obama’s unilateral immigration amendments are not stopped, future Presidents will continue to expand the power of the executive branch and encroach upon individual liberty. 
a stand against these abusive actions. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and these important amendments and yield back the balance of my time. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ), 
That is pretty simple, and quite honestly, that is about all the American people ask us to do on a daily basis: get things done. 
Security funding bill to the floor of this House, our colleagues on the Republican side have decided to put our Nation’s security at risk and cater to some of the most radical views in their party. 
the tragic terrorist attacks in Paris, we are standing here on the floor of the House of Representatives talking about attempts to make it more difficult for the Department of Homeland Security in the United States of America to defend our Nation. 
Republicans and Democrats alike say that the underlying bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security is a good one; it is just all the poison pill amendments that have been forced into this bill. 
So a good bill to fund our government’s Homeland Security and all of its obligations will come before us and become a victim of what has become known as shutdown partisan politics. 
customs enforcement, transportation security, Coast Guard protection, Secret Service protection, emergency 
management in the event of an attack or a natural or manmade disaster—all put in jeopardy to play partisan politics. 
believe that Congress is anything more than a graveyard for good ideas, then we need to get to work and not let a tiny minority of radical voices block progress. It is time for us to say to Americans: We get it; we heard you. 
is time for us to act bipartisanly, and it is time for us to act as leaders for all Americans, not a political party. 
the Department of Homeland Security without delay, and then, yes, we can get to debate immigration and immigration reform and pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill, but don’t put the security of our people and our homeland at risk simply to game the system. 
bill. Let us defeat all these amendments and get to work the way the American people expect us to. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. JEBHENSARLING , the honorable chairman of the 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this critical piece of legislation. 
history of our Republic, from George Washington to Barack Obama, has raised their right hand and said: 
execute the office of the President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. 
Clause 4, section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution says the Congress—the Congress—‘‘shall have power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization.’’ When we as a body read the Constitution on the House floor last week, I had the honor of reading this very section for all to hear. 
Section 3, article II of the Constitution says the President ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed,’’ but never in the history of our Republic has a President so blatantly ignored his oath. We know our President has a pen; we know he has a phone. We just wonder when will he acquire a copy of the Constitution and read it. 
is an unconstitutional power grab. It tramples on the authority that the Constitution gives Congress—the people’s elected Representatives—over immigration. It ignores the separation of powers. We cannot let it stand. 
Coequal branches of government, separation of powers, the rule of law— these must be preserved. In this bill, as amended, we do this by exercising the House’s constitutional power of the purse. This DHS funding bill, as amended, will achieve this. 
The debate is much bigger than immigration. It is much bigger than amnesty. It is about our Constitution. It is about the principle of separation of powers. It is the bedrock of our freedom and prosperity as Americans. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
gentlelady for yielding. I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee for the work that he has done on this bill. I want to thank the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations and Mr. PRICE for working on this bill. 
This bill funds the Department that is charged with the responsibility of keeping America safe and Americans safe. This bill is an appropriation bill. It is against the rules of the House of Representatives to put legislative language on an appropriation bill. 
30 years, I know that that rule is not always followed; and you, therefore, need a waiver from the Rules Committee in order to effect this end. This is not, therefore, regular order. 
of the clear and present danger to which every citizen in the free world is subject. We saw it in France, and 17 people lost their lives. 
9/11. This is an issue on which there ought to be no difference among the 435 of us who have the privilege and honor of serving in this country and in this Congress. 
to preserve and protect, yes, the Constitution and laws thereof, but also to preserve and protect the general welfare of all of our people. That is what this bill seeks to do. 
Mr. Chairman, there are many compelling reasons why the House must pass a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security without delay. I have spoken to some of them. We saw one of those reasons all too clearly last week, as I have said. Our Homeland Security agencies are hard at work every day to prevent incidents like those from occurring here in the United States, and how extraordinarily successful they have been since 9/11. 
Again, Chairman CARTER and Ranking Member L OWEY , I want to congratulate you for coming together and agreeing on a bill, agreeing on funding levels, and agreeing on the objects of expenditures to keep Americans and America safe. But with only a continuing resolution to fund it, as has happened in December, the Department does not have the full flexibility necessary to respond to every threat to the best of its ability. This leaves us vulnerable at a time when we cannot afford to be vulnerable. That is why it is so unfortunate that House Republicans have chosen to play political 
the courts are set forth, in article III, to resolve this issue. If you feel so strongly that you are right, that is where relief should be sought. But let us not hold America’s national security and the safety of our people hostage to that political difference. In doing so, you have managed to snatch partisanship from the jaws of consensus. We have agreement. The underlying bill before us will have the support of over 400 Members. 
support the underlying bill. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to show to the American public that we come together not in a partisan way, but as Americans to make sure they are as safe and secure as we can make them? But, no, we have denigrated this debate to a political debate about a difference between the President and the Congress. Now, that is a significant debate to have, but not on this bill, not where we have consensus, not where the American security is at risk if we fail. 
designed to undermine the executive actions President Obama took to address our broken immigration system. We think they are appropriate; you don’t. That is fine. That is a political difference. Do not defeat consensus because we have differences on an unrelated issue. 
is, after all, the agency that deals with immigration and border security. I get that. 
these amendments. But the sad truth is you know, all of you, that if those amendments are put on this bill, the President of the United States will not sign it, and you will therefore have to take it him to court. And I see my friend back there—who is my friend— saying, yes, that is great, he won’t sign 
it, and we will blame him for undermining Homeland Security. 
hostage the security, and if he doesn’t do what you say, security be damned. That is not the way we ought to be running America, particularly on this issue. Americans expect better of us. More importantly, and as importantly, we ought to expect better of ourselves. 
agreed. The Senate and the House have agreed. There is consensus here. Americans are so frustrated by all of us grabbing defeat, obstruction, and disagreement from the jaws of consensus. 
that all of us can vote to pass this important, critical bill. Mr. CARTER. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, the Honorable PETER ROSKAM , my good 
entirely different perspective. I look at this as the House of Representatives asserting its will, speaking out, and saying, no, we are not going to be silent in the movement of the President of the United States. If we had done nothing, Mr. Chairman, then the subsequent argument in weeks to come would have been, well, you did nothing. You were silent. You waived your right to assert yourself. You have the power of the purse, and you did nothing. 
Well, clearly, we are not doing nothing. Clearly, we are taking it up. And now here it is. We are coming together and we are saying that we don’t believe the President has this authority. We are asserting that, and this bill will be debated. 
something absolutely incredibly significant and very bright that is happening, regardless of what side of the aisle you are on, because do you know what we are talking about? We are talking about defending a country that we all hold dear. 
There was a story I heard from an exchange student, Mr. Chairman, who came to visit the United States. She was asked about her time here—this was a young college student—and they said: What made the biggest impression upon you during your time in the United States? She said this: The number of people who came up to me and said, ‘‘What do you hope to do for a living? What do you want to do?’’ And it was totally different for this girl, because the culture that she was coming from, that wasn’t her experience, but she came to the United States and there was a brightness to it, an opportunity to it, and a freshness to it. She found it so exciting and so dynamic. That is what we are fighting about. That is what we are fighting for. We are fighting for a nation, to defend a great nation, and to celebrate a great nation. That is worth taking up. 
So, look, there are very big differences in this House in the direction to move. There are very deep differences in this House about how we need to deal with the immigration problem. 
So I respect my colleague and his differences. I respect the other side and their differences. I think we need to go back to Thomas Jefferson, who said this, Mr. Chairman. Jefferson wrote a letter in 1790 to a guy named Charles Clay. He said: 
The ground of liberty is to be gained by 
inches, and we must be contented to secure what we can get from time to time and eternally press forward for what is yet to get. It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good. 
inches. We need to prevail, we need to move forward, and we need to come together. 
friend, as I observed, I think there is a legitimate question here. No one wants to see you silenced. Everyone thinks you have the right. You are a party, and you individually and collectively have the right to bring up this issue. What we urge you not to do is put at risk the passing of a Homeland Security bill which gives funding for a year’s period so there will be stability and the ability to manage the national security of our country while, at the same time, on a parallel basis, raising legitimate questions that you want to take. So no one denies or wants to preclude you from the opportunity to do so. 
I thank the gentlelady for yielding. The Acting CHAIR. All Members are 
reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to individual Members. 
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
very pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the House minority leader. 
who have commended the Appropriations Committee on the fine work they have done under difficult circumstances on the Homeland Security bill. It had been our hope that their fine work would have been rewarded by its passage in December, but the Republican leadership in the House decided that we would not pass the bill then to give some certainty to how Homeland Security would be funded in this year and instead toss it over until the new year. 
We take an oath to protect and defend the American people. Their safety is essential to everything else. And Homeland Security is a place where we have a very big component for protecting and defending the American people. That is why we were so disappointed that, of all bills, the Republicans would pull that one bill out of the pack and say we are just doing this for a matter of weeks. It came with the promise that after the first of the year we would, of course, pass a Homeland Security bill. That was December. 
no, we don’t want to have that certainty, not just yet. Then, along came January, Paris. ‘‘Je suis Charlie,’’ 
around the world it is echoed, everybody coming together, heads of state, leaders of countries, whether you were present there or not, everybody present in the moment and the time since of support for protecting people throughout the world from terrorism. 
It seems like that affected almost everybody, except it didn’t penetrate the walls of this Chamber because here we are, once again, putting off, by other 
distractions, how we would pass as quickly as possible a homeland security bill. And what is interesting to me is that some of our colleagues are using immigration as the excuse. 
interesting is that now they are saying it is not about immigration—which, of course, it has always been about passing an immigration bill and we don’t even have to have this discussion. They are saying it is about the Constitution. 
Reagan was President. I don’t remember anybody calling up the Constitution when President Reagan used his executive action in the family fairness legislation. I don’t remember anybody bringing up the Constitution when President George Herbert Walker Bush further expanded protections for people in our country—President Clinton and President George Herbert Walker Bush. So this is very interesting to hear it. But I do want to put this in perspective, and it will take a little time. 
precedent to support the extension—we are just talking about deferred action here—to a broad category of people who have strong equities to our country. The Immigration and Nationality Act and the judicial precedent make clear that the Executive maintains broad discretion to determine how immigration laws are to be enforced. Such discretion extends to decisions regarding whether to defer enforcement against entire categories of people, whether such categories are defined by nationality or some other common characteristic that makes them particularly deserving of an act of administrative grace. 
the INA, the Immigration and Nationality Act, was first enacted in 1952 and has been exercised in various ways and under various names over the past 62 years. Based upon the administration’s expansive prosecutorial discretion authority, the President could extend deferred action to persons who would qualify for registered provisional immigration status under S. 744, which passed the U.S. Senate on June 27, 2013, by a vote of 68–32. 
The President could similarly establish a separate deferred action for persons deemed essential for agriculture in recognition of the fact that our country’s agriculture industry and millions of jobs that rely upon it are largely dependent on the labor of unauthorized workers as for the parents of young people who have already received deferred action under DACA. When Congress first passed the INA, 
the Immigration and Nationality Act, in 1952, it charged the Attorney General with the administration and enforcement of immigration laws and authorized the Attorney General to ‘‘perform such other acts as he deems necessary for carrying out his authority under the provisions of this act.’’ 
Courts have relied upon this delegation of authority to support the principle that the act ‘‘commits enforcement of the INA to the Attorney General’s discretion.’’ 
of Homeland Security, DHS, in the Homeland Security Act of 2002, which many of us were here for, Congress further entrusted the newly created Secretary of Homeland Security with the responsibility of ‘‘establishing national immigration enforcement policies and priorities.’’ 
the inherent authority of enforcement agencies to decide whom to investigate, detain, charge, and prosecute under the law. The Supreme Court ‘‘has recognized on several occasions over many years that an agency’s decision not to prosecute or enforce, whether through criminal or civil process, is a decision generally committed to an agency’s absolute discretion.’’ 
want me to read the further authorities on that I will, but in the interest of brevity, courts consistently have applied this principle in the immigration context, and, in particular, to grants of deferred action and extended voluntary departure. 
In Arizona v. United States, the Supreme Court relied upon the broad discretion exercised by Federal immigration officials, including ‘‘whether it makes sense to pursue removal of all,’’ to strike down almost all of Arizona’s sweeping antiimmigration law. Because Arizona’s law could result in ‘‘unnecessary harassment of some aliens’’—that is their term—for example, a veteran, a college student, or someone assisting with a criminal investigation whom Federal officials determine should not be removed, the law ‘‘violates the principle that the removal process is entrusted at the discretion of the Federal Government.’’ 
The idea that immigration enforcement efforts should be focused on high priority targets has not always been controversial. Guidance pertaining to the use of prosecutorial discretion in the immigration context has been issued at least as far back as 1976. Under President George W. Bush, in recent memory, the Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, reaffirmed prosecutorial discretion guidance issued during the Clinton administration and reiterated the responsibility of ICE agents and officers to use discretion in identifying and responding to meritorious health related cases and caregiver issues. 
Republican Members of Congress joined together on a letter to thenAttorney General Janet Reno urging her to issue guidelines that would provide specific instructions to agency personnel in order to alleviate some of the hardship caused by our immigration laws. Democrats and Republicans signed it, and the letter accepted the premise that ‘‘the principle of prosecutorial discretion is wellestablished’’ and asked the INS to explain why it would pursue removal cases that would result in unjustifiable hardship rather than prioritizing enforcement efforts against more serious cases. 
Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program announced 2 years ago provides the most recent example of temporary relief from removal being offered to a substantial class of persons, it is the ‘‘Family Fairness’’ program adopted by President Ronald Reagan and President George Herbert Walker Bush that proves to be the strongest precedent for building upon DACA and offering deferred action to a larger class of persons who meet certain criteria. 
This is very interesting, my colleagues, because in 1986, Congress passed and President Reagan signed into law the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, IRCA. The law provided a path to legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants but provided no relief to the children and spouses of such persons who were not themselves able to meet the requirements for legalization. Indeed, when the Senate Judiciary Committee reported the bill to the floor, it wrote: 
It is the intent of the committee that the 
families of legalized aliens will obtain no special petitioning right by virtue of the legalization. They will be required to ‘‘wait in line’’ in the same manner as immediate family members of other new resident aliens. 
year after IRCA was enacted into law— President Reagan made the decision to defer enforcement against some of the close family members of persons who obtained lawful status under IRCA. 
President Obama is acting in the absence of congressional action; President Reagan is acting in the presence of congressional action and saying, You didn’t go far enough. 
issued by thenINS Commissioner Nelson, the Reagan administration offered ‘‘indefinite voluntary departure’’— along with the opportunity to apply for employment authorization—to undocumented children residing with their parents if both parents—or in the case of a singleparent household, the parent with whom the child resides—had obtained lawful status under the act. Spouses of persons who obtained lawful status could also be granted indefinite voluntary departure and work authorization by demonstrating the existence of certain compelling or humanitarian factors. Would you be suing President Reagan 
for doing that, as some of you are friends of the court in the suit against the President, as you are using the Constitution as your argument here today? 
that the Family Fairness program was too narrowly defined, President George Herbert Walker Bush went further 3 years later, expanding the program to apply to all spouses and all children of persons who were legalized under IRCA, provided they met certain requirements. The memorandum issued by thenINS Commissioner Gene McNary clarified that voluntary departure and employment authorization would be granted to such persons for a 1year period and would be subject to extensions without limit. 
you be taking the President to court, would you be arguing that he acted unconstitutionally on the floor of the House? People didn’t then. 
‘‘Declaration, Ineligible Family Member of Legalized Alien’’—precisely for the purpose of allowing undocumented persons who did not qualify for legalization under IRCA to affirmatively request relief from the threat of deportation and authorization to work lawfully. According to reports at the time, INS Commissioner McNary contemplated that the program could have affected as many as 1.5 million undocumented immigrants. Explaining the rationale for expanding the earlier program, McNary stated: 
It is vital that we enforce the law against 
illegal entry. However, we can enforce the law humanely. To split families encourages further violations of the law as they reunite. 
In the end, only a fraction of the people eligible for relief under the Family Fairness program obtained such protection, but that is only because the Immigration Act of 1990 was enacted less than 1 year after the program was expanded by President Bush. Section 301 of that bill contained a family unity program that largely codified the executive actions taken by President Reagan and President Bush. 
Bush Family Fairness program and what is being proposed at the present time are uncanny. There are several lessons that can be drawn from this past precedent. 
First, the authority to provide temporary relief from removal to a large percentage of the undocumented population has long existed, and past Presidents have exercised such authority. 
when the Executive’s authority would seem to be at its weakest—where Congress specifically declined to legislatively provide the relief granted administratively. The President is now being asked to take administrative action in the face of historic intransigence on the part of House Republicans after the Senate overwhelmingly passed a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill buoyed by popular support, overwhelmingly supported in a bipartisan way in the Senate, but nothing happening in the House. 
By contrast, the Reagan administration adopted the Family Fairness program less than 1 year after Congress enacted the last comprehensive immigration reform bill that contains specific criteria for legalization and knowingly excluded from protection the very people affected by the administration action. 
Just as I said before, even when Congress acted, President Reagan said we can do better. Nobody argued the Constitution at the time. Well, if they did, history does not recall it. 
being considered by the administration is entirely consistent with the Family Fairness program after it was expanded by President George Herbert Walker Bush. According to demographic work performed by the Pew Research Center, there were an estimated 3.5 million unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 1990. By extending the Family Fairness program to cover 1.5 million unauthorized immigrants at the beginning of that year, President Bush used executive authority to protect approximately 42.9 percent of the undocumented population from removal and offer them work authorization. 
I don’t remember any uproar in Congress. Many of us were here at that time. 
Center estimated that there were 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants living in the United States as of March 2012. If the administration takes steps to protect 5 million undocumented immigrants from removal, as a recent article suggested, that would extend temporary relief to 42.7 percent—a lower percentage than President Bush protected—of the undocumented population now in the country. 
that can be learned from the Family Fairness program is that bold executive action can sometimes help change the legislative dynamic, helping to break the gridlock and pave the way to legislative reform. The only reason the ReaganBush Family Fairness program did not provide indefinite voluntary departure and employment authorization for many years without legislative approval—essentially a grant of deferred action—is that Congress did act and take steps, following the lead of the Presidents, to largely codify the President’s program and provide such relief for removal and employment authorization itself. 
expanded family fairness, legislation to extend similar protections were stuck in Congress, having passed the Senate in 1989 but having seen no legislative action in the House. Less than 8 months after the administration’s action, the House passed its version of the bill. A conference committee was 
enacted into law. The same pattern can be observed in many of the cases described in which the administration granted extended voluntary departure, deferred enforced departure, or deferred action to a broad category of people defined by their nationality or some other compelling characteristic. And Congress subsequently enacted legislation to permit such people to obtain lawful permanent residence. 
I hope that will happen. The President has executive orders. Hopefully, Congress will codify that. 
program is just one of the many examples of past Presidents deciding to defer removal efforts and offer employment authorization to large classes of people. 
granted extended voluntary departure to many Cubans who otherwise would have been subject to deportation. Over the next 20 years, the INS granted similar protections to nationals of more than a dozen other countries. Such grants have sometimes, but not always, resulted in the enactment of special legislation permitting extended voluntary departure beneficiaries to adjust their status to that of lawful permanent residents. 
In 1966, Congress enacted such legislation for Cubans. Again, President Kennedy acted. In 1966, Congress enacted such legislation for Cubans granted extended voluntary departure. 
Congress did the same in 1977 for Vietnamese, Laotians, and Cambodians who were permitted to remain in the country on EVD, extended voluntary departure; and again in 1987 for recipients from Poland, Afghanistan, Ethiopia, and Uganda. 
concerns that Chinese nationals residing in the United States, primarily as scholars and students, would face repression if forced to return home. Congress passed a bill to allow these Chinese nationals to remain, which President George Herbert Walker Bush vetoed. 
This is my bill. Then, in 1990, it passed the House and 
passed the Senate, went to his desk, and he vetoed it. It had strong bipartisan support. We could fight the veto in the House, but in the Senate, at the moment of truth, the Senate upheld the veto. 
would issue an executive order extending deferred enforced departure, or DED, to an estimated 80,000 Chinese nationals. While the President did not want it to be an act of Congress for fear of what an insult it might be to the Chinese Government as they were crushing people in the streets in Tiananmen Square and arresting people, he did promise to do an executive order, which he did. 
order, Congress acted quickly to permit Chinese nationals granted protection from removal and employment authorization to adjust their status to that of lawful permanent residence. 
to approximately 2,000 Persian Gulf evacuees of various nationalities who were airlifted from Kuwait the previous year during the Persian Gulf War. The persons evacuated were chosen because they had children who were U.S. citizens or because they provided protection to U.S. citizens during the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. 
immigration law to permit those who had not already been permanent residents by other means to obtain permanent residence. 
Walker Bush also extended a DED, deferred enforced departure, to approximately 200,000 Salvadorans who fled civil war and previously had been protected from removal pursuant to a grant of temporary protected status, or TPS. President Bill Clinton later provided DED to Haitians in 1997, and President George Walker Bush extended DED to Liberians in 2007. 
has extended deferred action to broad categories of people on two prior occasions. First, in 2009, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services created a process in which surviving spouses of deceased U.S. citizens and the qualifying children of such spouses could apply for deferred action. 
was the position of the Department of Homeland Security at the time that no immigration relief was available under the law to protect surviving members from removal and that action was needed to address the humanitarian concerns. 
Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano on June 15, 2012, presented the second deferred action program created under this administration. As of June 30, 2014, over 580,000 persons had been granted deferred action under the program. 
power’’ is one of the oldest and most established provisions of Presidential authority in immigration matters. Parole was first used to allow the entry of refugees who would otherwise be excluded by the national origins quota system. 
the original 1952 INA, Immigration and Nationality Act, which authorized the use of discretionary authority to parole aliens into the United States ‘‘for emergent reasons or for reasons deemed strictly in the public interest.’’ 
In 1956, President Dwight David Eisenhower first used his parole authority to allow 900 World War II orphans into the country and later paroled approximately 30,000 Hungarians. This use of parole power marks the first of many mass admissions by future administrations. 
Johnson, and Nixon collectively allowed approximately 600,000 Cubans to be paroled into the country; and Presidents Ford and Carter paroled approximately 300,000 Indochinese from Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos. 
In response to a concern that the parole power was being used to admit large numbers of persons not covered by international refugee laws, Congress enacted the Refugee Act in 1980, which amended the INA to provide a process for the admission of refugees. The act also limited the administration’s ability to parole refugees into the country, absent compelling reasons in the public interest, but left untouched the general parole authority. 
Nevertheless, several Presidents subsequently used the parole authority to allow the entry of groups of persons who arguably could have been considered ‘‘refugee populations.’’ 
Bush in 1989 created a program that allowed individuals in Vietnam who were ineligible for refugee status to enter the country as ‘‘public interest parolees,’’ if they were able to prepay their travel expenses and provide affidavits of support from sponsors in the United States. 
In 1996, President Bill Clinton paroled approximately 7,000 Iraqi Kurds to Guam and allowed them to apply for asylum to the United States. In 2006, President George W. Bush created a program which allowed the United States to parole certain Cuban medical professionals who have been conscripted to study or work in a third country under the direction of the Government of Cuba. 
the statutory parole authority to apply only on a casebycase basis; nevertheless, as the terms are not defined by the statute, they are open to interpretation by the administration. 
which parole authority was used by past Presidents demonstrate that promoting family unity can serve humanitarian goals or provide a significant public benefit. 
The Lautenberg Parole Program, implemented by President George Herbert Walker Bush in 1988, granted parole to individuals whose refugee claims were denied, but who had family reunification concerns. 
Walker Bush established the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program to expedite the reunification of Cuban families by paroling into the United States beneficiaries of approved familybased immigrant petitions, so they might wait together with their family members until a visa became available. 
In 2007, President Bush created a program to authorize the parole of certain refugee derivative family members who had aged out and, therefore, could not be eligible for refugee status. 
statutory parole authority, the lengthy visa backlogs that exist in most immigrant visa categories, and the humanitarian interests and significant public benefits that would attach to the unification of families, the President could make parole available to the spouses, sons, and daughters of American citizens and lawful permanent residents who face a separation of a year or more or, in the case of less than a year, when hardship is in addition to the separation. 
This would not permit family members to skip the line, but would allow them to wait in the United States with their family members. 
is present in the country. The legal authority for parole in place was originally recognized in 1998. That opinion was endorsed the following year by the Commissioner of the INS, and it was reaffirmed in 2007 by the Bush administration DHS general counsel under President Bush, as I say. 
INA grants discretion to parole ‘‘any alien applying for admission to the United States,’’ and INA expressly defines an applicant for admission to include ‘‘an alien who is present in the United States who has not been admitted.’’ As a result, parole can be granted to persons who are present in the country without having previously been admitted to the country. 
The list goes on and on, and I have so 
much more that I want to tell our colleagues, but what I am saying to you is that there is legal authority for the President to take action under the law. There is Presidential precedent, bipartisan since President Eisenhower, since these laws were passed, to do so. 
To all of a sudden say we are having 
a debate now about the Constitution when we are supposed to be passing a law to protect and defend that Constitution and, instead, we are taking an exception to the interpretation of it—as I said, President Eisenhower, every President, President Eisenhower, President Kennedy, President Nixon, the list goes on and on—all of the Presidents since President Eisenhower and certainly since President Reagan and both President Bushes and President Clinton, all acted in this way. 
Many of us were Members of Congress in those Presidencies. If somebody wants to come forward and say that he was a voice in the darkness, but nothing significant ever emerged to challenge the constitutionality of what the Presidents did, so why now, especially now, December? 
We are not going to protect and defend by extending this bill with certainty for Homeland Security. Paris, the whole world is in unity, galvanized by wanting to stop terrorism and to do everything in our power to do so, and we in this House are hesitating to do that. 
bill and argue that the President doesn’t have the authority to do what 
he has done, but with an intention to act ourselves, that would be the appropriate place to have this debate, but to hold up the Homeland Security bill, which Chairman ROGERS and Ranking 
PRICE on our side on that, and I am 
sure that all the Republicans are proud of their Members on their side, because they came up with, under difficult circumstances, a good bill—let us just pass it, why don’t we, and then let’s get on with passing an immigration bill and debate what authorities the President has, and if we don’t like them, then debate the merits of what he did and pass some of that into law. 
authority to do it and this is about the Constitution really raises some serious questions. 
how we are creating goodpaying jobs in our country. That is what people want us to do. Let’s just pass this bill, get it done, and go on to how we can invest in better infrastructure and bigger paychecks for the American people. 
Lifting the economy and the purchasing power of our workers really creates an atmosphere where immigration and other humanitarian initiatives are better received. 
was listening to this debate and how people were saying that the President was acting outside the scope of the Constitution, that he had overreached. 
are you thinking, that you would hold up the Homeland Security bill and that you would not question the authority of Republican Presidents—or even the Democratic Presidents when they had done this—but you are questioning the constitutionality of actions taken by President Obama? 
time is right for us to pass an immigration bill. The time is right for us to, right now, tonight, pass a clean—tomorrow morning, pass a clean—reject these amendments, reject these amendments and pass a clean Homeland Security bill, so we can get on with that and then have a clear debate about immigration. 
I want to thank the staff of the Judiciary Committee for the important work that they have done, Chairwoman ZOELOFGREN and Ranking Member 
have done educating Members about what the history is on this subject— and it is a recent history. I thank them for their leadership and their service. 
amendments, disabuse yourself of any notion—because it isn’t a fullfledged idea—but any notion that the President is acting in an unconstitutional way. Let’s get on with our work. 
are not just identifying with a magazine office in Paris—that would be important enough—but we are identifying with the entire effort to protect people 
Committee was established to do. That is what this legislation will fund. Let’s remove all doubt that we are going to do it as soon as possible. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. FOXX). Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
at this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. JOHNCULBERSON , of the CJS Subcommittee of 
under the logic of the minority we have heard tonight, it would be that the President has taken this action because of the inaction of Congress in order to fix a broken immigration system. 
W. Bush would have been within his rightful authority, in order to fix a broken economy, to refuse to collect the capital gains tax, just to issue an executive order, a memorandum by the director of the IRS: Do not collect the capital gains tax, the capital gains tax is now effectively zero, no matter what the law says, to fix a broken economy. 
I would also point out to my colleagues in the minority that the examples that we have heard tonight of previous Presidents taking action are all based on the President’s very broad authority under the war powers, under his authority as Commander in Chief, and also his authority to make treaties and receive foreign ambassadors. 
Chair, has said that the President is essentially the sole organ of the Federal Government in the field of international relations; so the authority of other Presidents in the past who have taken these actions, they have done so under their authority as Commander in Chief in the area of foreign affairs. 
We in the House tonight, the new Republican majority in the House, are listening to the voters. We are responding to the overwhelming rejection of President Obama’s policies by the American people. 
Two short months ago, when President Obama said his policies were on the ballot, America answered and said ‘‘no’’ and elected the largest Republican majority since the 1920s to stop President Obama from dismantling the America we know and love, to stop President Obama from ignoring the law and the Constitution. 
We in the House are using our authority to be good stewards of our taxpayers’ hardearned tax dollars. Our system of checks and balances gives us that authority, our responsibility, to prevent our constituents’ hardearned tax dollars from being spent for illegal purposes. 
up tonight is one step of many in this bill tonight. We are taking up a whole 
our word that we are listening to the American voters. 
a bill that I am proud to coauthor with Chairman ADERHOLT and other Members of the House that dismantles and defunds the President’s illegal executive amnesty memos. 
of border patrol agents we have ever had before, keeping a minimum of 34,000 beds—detention beds—available for the purpose of enforcing the law. 
Madam Chair, is that the Republican House is enforcing the law. This is a law enforcement issue because we understand in Texas, better than any other part of the Nation, you cannot have good schools, safe streets, and a strong economy without law enforcement. 
river, on the Rio Grande, is fundamental that the law be enforced to keep out the drug runners and the smugglers and the gunrunners and the criminals. No one has a stronger interest in safe streets and good schools and laws being enforced than those folks that live along the southern border. 
President Obama’s got this responsibility and he has refused to fulfill his constitutional responsibility as Commander in Chief to execute the laws faithfully. The House of Representatives is doing our job and honoring our word to the American people to preserve, protect, and defend the America we love by enforcing the law. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Chairwoman, how much time is remaining on each side? 
from California has 38 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 32
Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
this bill, the majority plays a dangerous game with our national security. We all know why they are doing this. They want to tie the President’s hands on immigration because they do not agree with him there. But by acting this way, the majority has torn up what should be a fundamental rule of American politics: that we do not play politics with the security of our Nation. 
gamble with Homeland Security, of all budgets, is troubling, to say the least. At a time when we face a higher terrorist threat, these tactics are potentially deadly. 
Homeland Security was born out of the searing attacks on this Nation on September 11, 2001. We created it to protect our country against further atrocities. Three thousand people died. We have seen what our enemies are capable of. We saw it in the Boston Marathon bombing last year. We saw it again over the past week in a shocking series of terrorist murders in Paris. 
Funding for national security programs should be sacrosanct. Republicans and Democrats could so easily have come together to pass a fullyear funding bill. Instead, the majority chooses tactics that put the security of American families at risk. 
amendments. The American people know about this nongermaneness. They have added that to this bill. That seeks only to make life harder for immigrant families. I remember in 2007 when Chairman ROGERS , the chair of the Appropriations Committee, said on this floor: 
Congress has . . . than to protect the country as best we can from its enemies and from natural disasters. That is what this bill is all about. 
disgraceful. They are wrong. I will vote against this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
rise today in strong support of H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, which Judge CARTER, Mr. P RICE, myself, and others 
helped draft in the Appropriations Committee Subcommittee on Homeland Security. This bill, despite what you may have heard, is a product of bipartisan compromise. 
agencies of the Department of Homeland Security through fiscal year 2015. 
disaster relief to assist those suffering the effects of severe winter snowstorms that have hit the northern United States; wildfires that have ravaged the West; floods; tornadoes; and other natural disasters. 
OCO, or the Overseas Contingency Operations of the Coast Guard, as they continue to play a vital role in the support of our military abroad. 
committee took very seriously the crisis that has unfolded on our southwestern border as we experience the surge of unaccompanied minors, primarily from the Central American countries of Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. It is estimated that nearly 70,000 unaccompanied children entered illegally in 2014 alone. The bill also allows certain FEMA grants to be used to reimburse State and local governments for the excessive costs associated with humanely detaining and processing these unaccompanied minors. In response to the influx of families that have crossed the southwest border, it allocates an additional $362 million for detention capability and capacity, including 3,732 new family detention beds. 
Customs and Border Protection, and its 21,370 agents who provide not only security at our northern and southern borders, but also at our many ports of entry where goods come and go from all over the world. 
In light of the recent security incidents at the White House, the bill includes funding to improve security at the White House and Vice President’s residence through additional fiscal infrastructure and resources such as tactical canine units. 
Service to begin preparations for the Presidential candidate protection ahead of the 2016 Presidential election. 
the news that demonstrate the importance of being proactive on security in the cyber realm. Just yesterday, we saw social media accounts that the U.S. Central Command, or CENTCOM, was hacked by ISIS or their sympathizers. Last month, a major cyberattack allegedly perpetrated by North Korea compromised sensitive data belonging to the Sony Corporation. 
in funding for the National Protection and Programs Directorate to support infrastructure protection, information security, and cybersecurity. We cannot afford to take a passive approach to protecting critical network communications. 
the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility to ensure the security of our Nation’s food supply, something I think all too often we have taken for granted. This facility will strengthen our Nation’s capability to conduct research and develop vaccines and other countermeasures to prepare and respond against diseases that could seriously threaten our crops and livestock. 
Finally, this fiscally responsible appropriations bill reduces the administration overhead costs of the Department of Homeland Security by $6 million below the fiscal year 2014 enacted level. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman CARTER , Mr. P RICE, and the staff 
of both sides of the aisle that worked really hard to get this legislation to the point where it is. The underlying bill is a good bill. Notwithstanding any of the amendments that are going to be considered tomorrow, this bill should be supported on its merits, and it has a strong bipartisan vote. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 7. Concurrent resolution providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President. 
Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
it clear that I support the original bipartisan Homeland Security bill and oppose the majority’s radical antiimmigrant amendments. These amendments pollute the bipartisan bill both Republicans and Democrats have carefully crafted to protect the American people. 
provides the funds needed to protect our country. It invests in border security and prioritizes the detention and deportation of dangerous criminals. 
The clean, bipartisan Homeland Security bill provides funds for new grants to State and local first responders, who are our first line of defense against homegrown terrorism. It invests in the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter and additional Fast Response Cutters to help protect our ports. The bill also provides critical funds to hire new Secret Service agents to make essential security improvements at the White House. 
this bill is so important. Unfortunately, instead of bringing the clean, bipartisan bill for a vote, the majority is proposing several poison pill amendments that will jeopardize the bill’s ability to become law. It is unconscionable to put our Nation’s security at risk simply for the purpose of appeasing those who want to undermine President Obama’s reasonable and lawful executive action to fix our broken immigration system in light of the fact that this House has not acted. 
out at the end of February. The recent horrors in Paris are the latest reminder of why America needs Congress to pass the negotiated bipartisan Homeland Security bill that can become law and defeat the antiimmigrant poison pill amendments being proposed by the majority. 
the amendments and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the original bill to protect the homeland, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), a member of our subcommittee. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Chairman, I rise in support of the 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act. Our subcommittee has worked diligently on this legislation, and I want to thank Chairman CARTER  
and the entire staff for countless hours they have put in crafting the bill before us today. This legislation prioritizes our national security and strengthens border security, while addressing numerous issues that have arisen in the past year. 
Last year, tens of thousands of unaccompanied alien children entered the United States illegally while the administration sat on its hands. Rather than deal with the crisis, the President further exacerbated the problem and encouraged more people to try to bypass the legal immigration process when he granted executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. 
Today, the House has the opportunity to correct these mistakes by passing this legislation. In addition to the responsible and deliberate funding levels laid out in the bill, House Republicans are offering key amendments to completely defund the President’s executive actions and restore order to the legal administration process by ensuring that those who came here illegally will not be allowed to bypass those who sought to come here through the right and legal way. 
Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee. I am a ranking member also. I know what type of work it takes to put together a $39.7 billion expenditure to protect all of the entities of domestic homeland security. It is a good bill. It was worked out last year. For all the new Members coming, I am shocked that they have to go through this learning process about how we take a good thing and screw it up. 
think if we voted on it tonight, the underlying bill would pass overwhelmingly. I don’t even know if there would be a negative vote. But tomorrow morning on this floor amendments are going to be made to this bill. I understand the other side already has them, and I wish the people who are thinking about voting for those amendments and those that are proposing them had listened to the people that we are funding in Homeland Security, because the last thing they would tell you is that America is going to be less secure with those amendments. 
There isn’t going to be a college campus or university that isn’t going to be in revolt when you try to deport the students who are there. Your wives, your families are going to be upset when you try to deport your gardener 
or somebody taking care of your house. Our faithbased communities are going to be hiding these people from deportation. 
ugly government that is going to go around and round up people who have not committed a crime and deport them. 
That doesn’t make America more secure. In fact, it makes us ugly all over the world. So, I can’t, for the life of me—when we go to such hard work to get such a great, balanced bill, to spend $39.7 billion on the Department of Homeland Security, then want to make sure that it doesn’t work. 
veto it. He is going to veto it because you are mad at him for providing leadership. 
Thank you, Mr. President, for providing that leadership. The House should have joined with the Senate and adopted a comprehensive immigration bill, but we didn’t. We sat on that for 2 years, did absolutely nothing, and now we are attacking you. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chairman, I now yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), 
rise today in strong support of the fiscal year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act, as well as the amendments that will be offered to put the brakes on President Obama’s executive overreach on illegal immigration. 
House and the Senate to send a strong message to the White House that their attempt to grant amnesty through executive action is an affront to the democratic process that has served our Nation well for more than 200 years. 
south to north is that this side of the border, we have the rule of law, not men. 
my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for putting together a responsible bill that provides the funds for our Homeland Security personnel and the need to carry out their mission. 
Specifically, the bill provides significant funding for our Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement to ensure both agencies have the ability to stem large flows of illegal immigration like we witnessed last summer in Texas. 
illegal immigration is the increased use of EVerify, which remains the only and best way for employers to confirm that the employees that they hire are in this country legally. The underlying bill contains full funding 
employers to continue to use this program in a free and efficient manner. 
air, and sea, Homeland Security officials consistently rely on the awareness and insights that are provided by assets operated by the Air and Marine Operations Center, or AMOC. In fact, AMOC, which is located in Riverside County, California, is the Nation’s only Federal law enforcement center tasked to coordinate interdiction operations in the Western Hemisphere. 
The FY15 bill fully funds the operations of AMOC and ensures that our law enforcement agencies will continue to benefit from their contributions. 
for his leadership, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for the FY15 Homeland Security Appropriations bill. 
Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN  
Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the FY 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act because House Republicans are littering the bill with provisions that have nothing to do with homeland security but have everything to do with harming families and keeping our immigration system dysfunctional, risking our national security in the process. 
the Appropriations Committee and craft a bill and work in a bipartisan spirit, and I had an opportunity to work in a bipartisan spirit on this bill as well. So it is truly unfortunate that this bill is being poisoned by amendments that are really going to jeopardize our national security. 
I reluctantly stand in opposition because the overall bill is ‘‘mustpass’’ legislation, and it includes very important measures to bolster our national security, including additional funding that I fought for and secured to protect children from online predators. 
Many of my colleagues are in a similar situation; too many poison pills are set to be slipped in that make this legislation’s passage unacceptable. 
House Republicans are willfully driving us toward a partial government shutdown that jeopardizes our security at home, all just for the chance to further destabilize our immigration system, make it harder to secure the border, punish young people who have known no other country other than this one, and separate families in the process. 
Now, how did we get here? Because the extreme elements of the 
GOP became apoplectic when the President announced that he would move ahead with his legal executive actions to fix our broken immigration system. And everyone will recall, of course, that he did so due to this body’s repeated unwillingness to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation. Now, as we debated the socalled CR/ 
Omnibus legislation last year, House Republicans put their cards on the table with temporary DHS funding. And with this bill being debated today, they are ready to gamble on our Nation’s security and America’s safety to satisfy their rightwing base. 
the outset of a new Congress, with the opportunity we have to set aside differences and work together for the betterment of the country. 
from the other side of the aisle. Some of it is alarmingly personal and targeted. 
Part of the President’s executive action is intended to keep families together and support the educational and employment aspirations of millions of undocumented individuals. 
this bill would, in fact, tear families apart, deporting thousands of socalled DREAMers and even revictimizing women already subjected to domestic violence by targeting them for removal. 
the antiimmigrant, extremist elements within the Republican party. But to what end? 
Where is the sense of reality? Though he has flipflopped several 
times on the issue, even former Governor Jeb Bush, from my home State of Florida, has said as far back as 10 years ago that a policy that ignores that they are here is a policy of denial. 
So where is the thoughtful policymaking our constituents sent us to Washington to engage in? 
events in south Florida recently, and to say that we are past due for comprehensive immigration reform is a gross understatement. 
I have met so many workers and students who have made meaningful contributions to our community but who live in a constant state of uncertainty about their future, ranging from questions about their schooling and jobs to fearing deportation and separation from their loved ones. 
Maria, a mother of DREAMers who has formed a support group for people in similar situations; and Cosmin, a father only seeking a permanent work permit to be able to better provide for his young daughter who is a citizen— these are real people with real stories, and our actions and inactions in Washington have real consequences for them. 
Madam Chair, it is not too late to engage in bipartisan and comprehensive immigration reform. We can reintroduce and debate the legislation that was passed by a strong bipartisan majority in the Senate in 2013 and supported by diverse business, faith, legal, and community groups across the Nation. That is the most effective way to legally and morally respond to the needs of immigration reform. It is practical. It is wideranging, and it speaks to our values as a Nation. 
and come up with a new comprehensive bill. But this is immoral and wrong, and we should reject it so that we can come together and do something that is reflective of the values of this country. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chairman, at this time I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to my good friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. POE), a colleague not only of this House but of the judiciary prior to that time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
of laws, which means, I, as the President, am obligated to enforce the law. I don’t have a choice about that. That is part of my job. 
can just suspend deportations through executive order, that is just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed. 
by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our 
immigration system that for me to simply, through executive order, ignore those congressional mandates, would not conform with my appropriate role as President.’’ 
constitutional law professor, and now President, on March 28, 2011. Those very words condemn executive amnesty. 
not by one person. The United States is not a monarchy. If it were, we would have kept King George III. 
unconstitutional, Madam Chair, it is at crosspurposes to security. The Department of Homeland Security cannot secure the U.S. border, no matter how many programs and how much money we spend on homeland security, as long as the Executive undermines law and security by unilaterally ignoring those very security laws. 
to the Department of Homeland Security, but that doesn’t do any good if we do not make sure the law is enforced. 
example that has already been used by my friend, Mr. CULBERSON . We have tax 
laws in this country. God knows we have too many tax laws in this country. 
But if the Executive makes a decision, I am just going to ignore these tax laws for a certain group of people, none of us would like that. The Executive doesn’t have that authority to just ignore law for whatever reason, even if it is a good reason, because that does not establish the constitutional power of who the Executive is. 
have a vested interest in homeland security. The United States border with 
Mexico is almost 2,000 miles. Sixty percent of the border is in Texas. Forty five percent of the entire border is in one Member’s district, Mr. WILLHURD. 
distance from New Orleans to Washington, D.C. We have got a vested interest in border security and the rule of law, because failure to enforce the rule of law affects people on the border. It affects American citizens. It affects legal immigrants. 
Now, there is a lot that has been said 
about immigration. I am for immigration. We do need some changes in immigration. The United States allows a million people to legally come into the United States. But when laws are enforced, there is order. When law is not enforced, there is chaos. 
chaos, especially if the security laws are not enforced. 
said, I am obligated to enforce the law because, Madam Chairman, the Constitution is not a mere suggestion, whether the other side likes it or not. 
And that is just the way it is. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Madam 
Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). 
moments where the best thing you can do is kind of scratch your head and say, What the heck are they thinking? 
We have a bipartisan bill, a Homeland Security bill that, as was said before by Mr. FARR, if it was put up for a 
But no, they couldn’t help themselves. They had to take one more shot at the President and a bigger shot at immigrants. And so the bill is weighted down with attacks on immigrants. Mostly Latino immigrants, I would say, would be affected, and that is personal to me. 
So what this bill now would say if it 
gets all these amendments on it—and, by the way, I want to say that I am opposed to the bill with the amendments and not opposed to the bill in its clean fashion, and I think that is the way most Members think. 
instance, if you are in the military, serving our country, your spouse can be deported while you are away. That is really sad and insulting. 
We are going to have now new bumper stickers on the other side on their cars that will say, ‘‘Support our troops and deport the spouses.’’ It will be sad, and it will be horrible what we are doing. Now, our opportunity here is to defeat these amendments. Our opportunity here is to understand that if we have a gripe with the President using his constitutional power, deal with that. But don’t take it out on every immigrant in the Nation. 
Incidentally, nothing that the President did is outside the law. We have a Constitution, and what he did is constitutional. It is within his powers as our Chief Executive in this Nation. 
waited for the majority party to do something about immigration. It refused to do something. You are upset that he took action on immigration. His action was due to your inaction on immigration. That is why we have this situation. 
in history as two of the saddest days in this House, and I have been here 25 years, starting this January, because we will go after a group of people, and we will say to the DREAMers, you can’t dream anymore, and we will say to the spouses, you are in danger of being deported. 
country, we don’t respect you anymore. And we will say to the whole world, we are not the Nation of immigrants; we are the Nation that doesn’t want any more immigrants. 
This is sad. This is it not the way to 
go, and we should really rethink this before we take a final vote. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, before I proceed, may I ask how much time is left on both sides, please? 
The Acting CHAIR. There are 21 minutes remaining for the gentleman from Texas, and there are 25 minutes remaining for the gentlewoman from California. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), one of 
United States is a nation of immigrants. It is also a nation of laws, and our Nation’s leaders have a sworn duty to abide by those laws. On countless occasions, President Obama said that he lacked the authority to grant broad amnesty; however, in November, he reversed his course and unilaterally declared amnesty. 
I rise in strong opposition to his executive amnesty and in strong support of legislation to defund his unlawful and unconstitutional actions. 
any law for that matter—rest with the legislative branch of the government, the United States Congress. Granting amnesty through unilateral executive action makes a mockery of our laws, and Congress must rein it in. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 191, the Repeal Executive Amnesty Act. Key provisions of this bill will be offered as 
amendments to this appropriations bill. We will deny the administration funding to implement his amnesty. 
member for many years, and a local school board member, I know firsthand how this administration’s plan is taxing the budgets of our local governments, including our schools, our hospitals, and our jails. This massive unfunded mandate must be repealed. 
Amnesty also undermines our national security by perpetuating open borders, making Americans less safe. Finally, it leaves behind millions of American citizens who are unemployed at this time, making it even harder for them to find goodpaying jobs. 
we must rein in this President. We must repeal unilateral amnesty, and we must return to the rule of law. I call on my colleagues to support H.R. 240 and the Aderholt amendment and to pass the underlying legislation. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
We are just a week into the new Congress, and the Republicans are already back to their old games, but this time, they are playing politics with the security and safety of the Nation. 
the President’s executive order which attempts to reunite families and bring a rational, prioritybased approach to our immigration system. Given the Constitution, the laws, and the legal precedents, the President’s actions are clearly well within his executive powers. 
If they don’t like it, they can pass an 
immigration bill, which would clearly supercede the actions of the President, but they wouldn’t even try. That is what this is all about. It is about making false statements about the President, demonizing immigrants and their families, and trying to score political points back home. That is a disgrace, but it gets even worse. 
on immigration reform and leaving millions of families in limbo, but they are holding up funding for the entire Homeland Security Department. They are threatening the safety of Americans at our airports. They are making our borders less secure and are potentially leaving us more vulnerable to attack. This is particularly shocking, given the tragic events in Paris last week. 
people hostage to the demands of the antiimmigration fringe of their party is totally irresponsible. This is not the time for political games. We live in a dangerous world, and the security of the Nation is serious business. Reject this political stunt. 
that we all agree on. Then, if you want to, pass an immigration bill that would supersede what the President has done; but don’t give us all of this nonsense about blackmailing the country by threatening our safety and saying, ‘‘Unless we get the immigration provisions we want,’’ which we know the President won’t sign, ‘‘there will be no Homeland Security bill, potentially no Homeland Security Department funding, and no guards at our borders.’’ That is absurd. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), another 
Member of the 114th Congress, a man who probably has more of the southern border of the United States than any other Member of Congress. 
have taken an oath of office to uphold our Constitution twice: the first time as an undercover officer in the CIA and, just last week, I took that oath again as I was sworn in as a Member of this body. 
This bill is about upholding our Constitution and protecting it from executive overreach, but we can’t forget that immigration and legal immigrants are an asset to our Nation, not a liability. 
Everyone knows that our immigration system is broken and that executive action that incentivizes illegal immigration just makes it worse. We need a longterm solution that protects American workers and fosters economic growth. 
benefited from the ‘‘brain drain’’ from other countries, and we need to make sure that continues. I also want our Nation to benefit from a ‘‘hardworking drain,’’ too. If you are going to be a productive member of our society, let’s keep you here or get you here, but we must do it legally. 
immigration problems. I am ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and with the President to find it. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is important for us to focus on what we are discussing here today: Paris, 17 dead; Canada; Australia; Boko Haram, 2,000 dead, a 10yearold suicide bomber; and, of course, 9/11. 
This is the Homeland Security Appropriations. I have had the privilege of serving on the authorizing committee since its creation, and every day we go to that committee, we know that the commitment is to secure the American people. 
agreements or disagreements with the Constitution and with the President’s executive authority or to battle your disagreements with the idea of deporting felons over families—that debate can be had—but, tonight, we are 
wrongly jeopardizing the national security of the American people. 
friends, of failing to even read the Constitution, for it is clear, as it is stated in the Constitution under article II, section 3, that the President can have the authority, ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
sure that we are treating persons fairly and that prosecutorial discretion is exercised in a fair manner. 
Nothing that is in the executive actions of the President violates any law; but what it does do, as we are debating today with the poison pill amendments, is to take the inhumanity of some viewpoints and to throw it against people who have come to this country by no fault of their own, who have come to this country to do us not harm but good, who have come to this country to work hard and to help build this great Nation. 
I am saddened by the fact that, because of this debate, the Coast Guard will suffer, that the Secret Service will suffer, that the airport and aviation security will suffer. Why? Because we will not have a bill. 
us is to raise the question of whether our Republican friends have come here to govern. The only thing I see is that they are using this Homeland Security bill for extreme positions that they want to foster over security. 
DACA? Why would they want to capture the basic infrastructure of the funding of Homeland Security? It has worked over the years, the fees that have supported the Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protection, Transportation and Security; yet they want to capture these dollars and cripple Homeland Security. They want to make sure we don’t have enough Secret Service agents as we move forward into the election year. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, the Homeland Security Department has been entrusted by the United States Congress and the American people to give guidance to the security and the protection of their families. It is not families who, by chance, are considered undocumented; it is all families. 
What the President did in his executive action is to define for America who is here in this country; not only that, he gave an economic engine by providing for fines and fees in order to get in regular order. 
By the way, Mr. Chairman, these individuals are not getting in front of those who have been standing in line through the legal immigration process. They have a separate process that simply gives them status, not immigration status. He is not bestowing upon them immigration status. As I close, I ask: Is there any heart 
and warmth to those who are debating these questions? First, do we understand family, and do we understand we are a nation of immigrants? 
What has been established is an infrastructure of law to help them be established in regular order. What we are doing is undermining the national security of this Nation to cast against those who are innocent. I ask my colleagues to defeat these amendments and to vote for a clean Homeland Security bill. Let’s support the national security of Americans. 
Mr. Chair, while it is not perfect, I would 
support H.R. 240, the Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act, as originally introduced because it provides adequate funding of the Department of Homeland Security, including support for important federal cybersecurity initiatives, disaster relief and recovery programs, and essential law enforcement activities that are critical for ensuring the Department can help keep our Nation safe from harm. 
But I cannot support the bill on final passage if it contains any of the ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments made in order by the Rules Committee. 
Those amendments are simply the latest attempt by House Republicans to prohibit the executive branch from exempting or deferring from deportation any immigrants considered to be unlawfully present in the United States under U.S. immigration law, and to prohibit the administration from treating those immigrants as if they were lawfully present or had lawful immigration status. 
order by the Rules Committee because their inclusion will spell certain doom for the bill and needlessly put the security of the homeland at risk at a time when things are so perilous in the world. 
Boko Haram in Nigeria given heightened urgency to the words of Appropriations Committee Chairman ROGERS that we need to get 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill ‘‘to the president’s desk so we can get a signature funding Homeland Security at a very tedious time in the world.’’ 
Republican poison pill amendments will result in a presidential veto rather the signature needed for the bill to become law. 
In addition, were the bill to become law with 
the poison pill amendments intact, it would inflict tremendous damage to the nation’s economy and the economy of my home state of Texas. 
Council of Economic Advisors, the executive actions taken by the President to mitigate the damage caused by our broken immigration system would grow the U.S. economy by $90 billion to $210 billion over the next ten years. 
And they would grow the GDP of my home 
state of Texas by $8.2 billion to $19.2 billion over that same period and increase Texas state revenues by $770 million to $1.8 billion. 
I cannot and will not support a bill that 
would do such harm to our efforts to protect the homeland and expand the economy so that it creates jobs for all who seek employment at wages that will enable workers to provide for their families and their retirement, buy 
I urge my colleagues to reject all of the 
amendments made in order by the Rules Committee and pass the bill as originally introduced by Chairman ROGERS . 
There are many good things in that bill that 
1. $39.7 billion in regular discretionary appropriations for Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in fiscal year 2015; 
2. $12.6 billion for Customs and Border Protection (CBP); DHS would be required to accelerate the hiring of CBP officers; 
Enforcement (ICE) plus an additional $345 million from the agency’s fee funded accounts, bringing the total to $6.3 billion; 
influx of unaccompanied alien children, or ‘‘UAC,’’ entering the U.S.; the funding would be used to interdict migrants, care for and transport approximately 58,000 undocumented children to the custody of Health and Human Services (HHS), and facilitate the movement of undocumented families through removal proceedings after crossing the U.S. border; 
5. $1.9 billion for both domestic and international investigations, including increases to combat human trafficking, child exploitation, cybercrime, and drug smuggling, and to expand visa vetting capabilities; 
7. $10 billion for the U.S. Coast Guard; 8. $753.2 million for cybersecurity operations in the National Programs and Protection Directorate to fund and sustain improvements to the Federal Network Security and Network Security Deployment programs; 
an increase of $80.5 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level—to begin preparation and training for candidate protection for the 2016 presidential election and to address critical failures in communications and training at the White House Complex; 
President will sign H.R. 240 as originally introduced but he will veto the bill if it contains any of the irresponsible and reckless amendments made in order by the Rules Committee. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting 
against all of the amendments and sending a clean Homeland Security funding bill that will receive the presidential signature needed to become and law provide the resources needed to keep our homeland safe. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to my distinguished colleague from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Sheriff’s Deputy Michael Davis, Jr. You may have heard of him. He was gunned down on October 24 of last year in one of the most shocking murder rampages in the history of that county. He was murdered on the 26th anniversary of the day that he lost his father, a Riverside County sheriff’s deputy, in the line of duty. The suspect, who also killed a Sacramento sheriff’s deputy and wounded an innocent bystander, should never have been here. He was a convicted felon who had entered our country illegally from Mexico. He had been twice deported for his crimes, only to reenter time and again over our unsecured border. 
family this weekend, including his remarkable mother, Debbie, and his sole surviving brother, Jason, who also serves as a Placer County sheriff’s deputy. The message they asked me to convey today is that this is not about immigration—in fact, Jason spends his free time working with atrisk Latino children, many from immigrant families—rather, this is about the rule of law, including respect for our immigration laws for which this family has sacrificed so much. 
of laws and not of men. That means the President is sworn to enforce the laws, not to make them. He doesn’t get to change or to repeal laws by decree or decide who must obey the law and who gets to live above it; yet that is precisely what he has done. 
safety and the Nation’s security at great risk. This measure begins to walk back these unconstitutional orders, secure our borders, repair our Nation’s sovereignty, and recover the rule of law. 
Michael Davis died for these principles. The least we can do is to vote to restore them. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ). 
claim the President’s actions are unconstitutional. That is not true. 
signed by 135 law professors and confirmed by four former chief counsels for Immigration about why his action was lawful. 
We write as scholars and teachers of immigration law who have reviewed the executive actions announced by the President on November 20, 2014. It is our considered view that the expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and establishment of the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA) programs are within the legal authority of the executive branch of the government of the United States. To explain, we cite federal statutes, regulations, and historical precedents. We do not express any views on the policy aspects of these two executive actions. 
136 law professors to the White House on September 3, 2014, on the role of executive action in immigration law. We focus on the legal basis for granting certain noncitizens in the United States ‘‘deferred action’’ status as a temporary reprieve from deportation. One of these programs, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), was established by executive action in June 2012. On November 20, the President announced the expansion of eligibility criteria for DACA and the creation of a new program, Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA). PROSECUTORIAL DISCRETION IN IMMIGRATION  
Both November 20 executive actions relating to deferred action are exercises of prosecutorial discretion. Prosecutorial discretion refers to the authority of the Department of Homeland Security to decide how the immigration laws should be applied. Prosecutorial discretion is a longaccepted legal practice in practically every law enforcement context, unavoidable whenever the appropriated resources do not permit 100 percent enforcement. In immigration enforcement, prosecutorial discretion covers both agency decisions to refrain from acting on enforcement, like cancelling or not serving or filing a charging document or Notice to Appear with the immigration court, as well as decisions to provide a discretionary remedy like granting a stay of remova1, parole, or deferred action. 
Prosecutorial discretion provides a temporary reprieve from deportation. Some forms of prosecutorial discretion, like deferred action, confer ‘‘lawful presence’’ and the ability to apply for work authorization. However, the benefits of the deferred action programs announced on November 20 are not unlimited. The DACA and DAPA programs, like any other exercise of prosecutorial discretion do not provide an independent means to obtain permanent residence in the United States, nor do they allow a noncitizen to acquire eligibility to apply for naturalization as a U.S. citizen. As the President has emphasized, only Congress can prescribe the qualifications for permanent resident status or citizenship. 
Based on this statutory foundation, the application of prosecutorial discretion to individuals or groups has been part of the immigration system for many years. Longstanding provisions of the formal regulations promulgated under the Act (which have the force of law) reflect the prominence of prosecutorial discretion in immigration law. Deferred action is expressly defined in one regulation as ‘‘an act of administrative convenience to the government which gives some cases lower priority’’ and goes on to authorize work permits for those who receive deferred action. Agency memoranda further reaffirm the role of prosecutorial discretion in immigration law. In 1976, President Ford’s 
(INS) General Counsel Sam Bernsen stated in a legal opinion, ‘‘The reasons for the exercise of prosecutorial discretion are both practical and humanitarian. There simply are not enough resources to enforce all of the rules and regulations presently on the books.’’ In 2000, a memorandum on prosecutorial discretion in immigration matters issued by INS Commissioner Doris Meissner provided that ‘‘[s]ervice officers are not only authorized by law but expected to exercise discretion in a judicious manner at all stages of the enforcement process,’’ and spelled out the factors that should guide those decisions. In 2011, Immigration and Customs Enforcement in the Department of Homeland Security published guidance known as the ‘‘Morton Memo,’’ outlining more than one dozen factors, including humanitarian factors, for employees to consider in deciding whether prosecutorial discretion should be exercised. These factors —now updated by the November 20 executive actions—include tender or elderly age, longtime lawful permanent residence, and serious health conditions. 
Federal courts have also explicitly recognized prosecutorial discretion in general and deferred action in particulary. Notably, the U.S. Supreme Court noted in its Arizona v. United States decision in 2012: ‘‘A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration officials. . . . Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. . . .’’ In its 1999 decision in Reno v. AmericanArab AntiDiscrimination Committee, the Supreme Court explicitly recognized deferred action by name. This affirmation of the role of discretion is consistent with congressional appropriations for immigration enforcement, which are at an annual level that would allow for the arrest, detention, and deportation of fewer than 4 percent of the noncitizens in the United States who lack lawfill immigration status. 
Based on statutory authority, U.S. immigration agencies have a long history of exercising prosecutorial discretion for a range of reasons that include economic or humanitarian considerations, especially—albeit not only—when the noncitizens involved have strong family ties or longterm residence in the United States. Prosecutorial discretion, including deferred action, has been made available on both a casebycase basis and a group basis, as are true under DACA and DAPA. But even when a program like deferred action has been aimed at a particular group of people, individuals must apply, and the agency must exercise its discretion based on the facts of each individual case. Both DACA and DAPA explicitly incorporate that requirement. 
As examples of the exercise of prosecutorial discretion, numerous administrations have issued directives providing deferred action or functionally similar forms of prosecutorial discretion to groups of noncitizens, often to large groups. The administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush deferred the deportations of a thenpredicted (though ultimately much lower) 1.5 million noncitizen spouses and children of immigrants who qualified for legalization under the Immigration Reform and Control Act (IRCA) of 1986, authorizing work permits for the spouses. Presidents Reagan and Bush took these actions, even though Congress had decided to exclude them from IRCA. Among the many other examples of significant deferred action or similar programs are two during the George W. Bush administration: a deferred action program in 2005 for foreign academic students affected by Hurricane Katrina, and ‘‘Deferred Enforcement Departure’’ for certain Liberians in 2007. Several decades earlier, the Reagan administration issued a form of prosecutorial discretion called ‘‘Extended Voluntary Departure’’ in 1981 to thousands of Polish nationals. The legal sources and historical examples of immigration prosecutorial discretion described above are by no means exhaustive, but they underscore the legal authority for an administration to apply prosecutorial discretion to both individuals and groups. 
group who may ‘‘benefit’’ from an act of prosecutorial discretion is relevant to its legality. We are unaware of any legal authority for such an assumption. Notably, the ReaganBush programs of the late 1980s and early 1990s were based on an initial estimated percentage of the unauthorized population (about 40 percent) that is comparable to the initial estimated percentage for the November 20 executive actions. The President could conceivably decide to cap the number of people who can receive prosecutorial discretion or make the conditions restrictive enough to keep the numbers small, but this would be a policy choice, not a legal issue. For all of these reasons, the President is not ‘‘rewriting’’ the immigration laws, as some of his critics have suggested. He is doing precisely the opposite—exercising a discretion conferred by the immigration laws and settled general principles of enforcement discretion. 
Critics have also suggested that the deferred action programs announced on November 20 violate the President’s constitutional duty to ‘‘take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ A serious legal question would therefore arise if the executive branch were to halt all immigration enforcement, or even if the Administration were to refuse to substantially spend the resources appropriated by Congress. In either of those scenarios, the justification based on resource limitations would not apply. But the Obama administration has fully utilized all the enforcement resources Congress has appropriated. It has enforced the immigration law at record levels through apprehensions, investigations, and detentions that have resulted in over two million removals. At the same time that the President announced the November 20 executive actions that we discuss here, he also announced revised enforcement priorities to focus on removing the most serious criminal offenders and further shoring up the southern border. Nothing in the President’s actions will prevent him from continuing to remove as many violators as the resources Congress has given him permit. 
exercised, particularly when the numbers are large, there is no legal barrier to formalizing that policy decision through sound procedures that include a formal application and dissemination of the relevant criteria to the officers charged with implementing the program and to the public. As DACA has shown, those kinds of procedures assure that important policy decisions are made at the leadership level, help officers to implement policy decisions fairly and consistently, and offer the public the transparency that government priority decisions require in a democracy. 
Prager, University of California, Los Angeles, School of Law; Shoba Sivaprasad Wadhia, Pennsylvania State University 
Dickinson School of Law; Stephen H. Legomsky, Washington University School of Law; David Abraham, University of Miami School of Law; Raquel Aldana, University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law; Farrin R. Anello, Seton Hall University School of Law; Deborah Anker, Harvard Law School; Sabrineh Ardalan, Harvard Law School; David C. Baluarte, Washington and Lee University School of Law; Melynda Barnhart, New York Law School; Jon Bauer, University of Connecticut School of Law; Lenni B. Benson, New York Law School; Jacqueline Bhabha, Harvard Law School; Linda Bosniak, Rutgers University School of Law Camden; Richard A. Boswell, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Jason A. Cade, University of Georgia Law School; Janet Calvo, CUNY School of Law, New York; Kristina M. Campbell, University of the District of Columbia David A. Clarke School of Law; Stacy Caplow, Brooklyn Law School; Benjamin Casper, University of Minnesota Law School; Linus Chan, University of Minnesota; Howard F. Chang, University of Pennsylvania Law School; Michael J. Churgin, University of Texas at Austin; Marisa Cianciarulo, Chapman University Dale E. Fowler School of Law; Evelyn Cruz, Arizona State University; Ingrid Eagly, UCLA School of Law; Philip Eichorn, Cleveland State—Cleveland Marshall School of Law; Bram T. Elias, University of Iowa College of Law; Stella Burch Elias, University of Iowa College of Law; Jill E. Family, Widener University School of Law; Niels Frenzen, University of Southern California; Maryellen Fullerton, Brooklyn Law School; Ce ´sar Cuauhtı ´moc Garcı ´a 
Herna ´ndez, University of Denver Sturm College of Law; Lauren Gilbert, St. Thomas University School of Law; Denise L. Gilman, University of Texas School of Law; John F. Gossart, Jr., University of Maryland School of Law; P. Gulasekaram, Santa Clara University; Anju Gupta, Rutgers School of Law— Newark; Susan R. Gzesh, University of Chicago; Jonathan Hafetz, Seton Hall University; Dina Francesca Haynes, New England Law, Boston; Susan Hazeldean, Cornell Law School; Ernesto Herna ´ndezLo ´pez, Chapman 
University; Laura A. Hernandez, Baylor Law School; Michael Heyman, John Marshall Law 
School; Barbara Hines, University of Texas School of Law; Laila L. Hlass, Boston University School of Law; Geoffrey Hoffman, University of Houston Law Center; Mary Holper, Boston College Law School; Alan Hyde, Rutgers University School of Law— Newark; Kate Jastram, University of California, Berkeley, School of Law; Kit Johnson, University of Oklahoma College of Law; Anil Kalhan, Drexel University Kline School of Law; Daniel Kanstroom, Boston College Law School; Elizabeth Keyes, University of Baltimore School of Law; Kathleen Kim, Loyola Law School Los Angeles; David C. Koelsch, University of Detroit Mercy School of Law; Jennifer Lee Koh, Western State College of Law; Kevin Lapp, Loyola Law School, Los Angeles; Christopher Lasch, University of Denver Sturm College of Law; Jennifer J. Lee, Temple University Beasley School of Law; Stephen Lee, University of California, Irvine; Christine Lin, University of California, Hastings College of the Law; Beth Lyon, Villanova University School of Law; Stephen Manning, Lewis & Clark College; Lynn Marcus, University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law; Miriam H. Marton, University of Tulsa College of Law; Elizabeth McCormick, University of Tulsa College of Law; M. Isabel Medina, Loyola University New Orleans College of Law; Stephen Meili, University of Minnesota Law School; Vanessa Merton, Pace University School of Law; Andrew Moore, University of Detroit Mercy School of Law; Jennifer Moore, University of New Mexico School of Law; Daniel 
Law; Nancy Morawetz, NYU School of Law; Karen Musalo, U.C. Hastings College of the Law; Alizabeth Newman, CUNY School of Law; Noah Novogrodsky, University of Wyoming College of Law; Fernando A. Nun ˜ez, 
Charlotte School of Law; Mariela Olivares, Howard University School of Law; Michael A. Olivas, University of Houston Law Center; Patrick D. O’Neill, Esq., University of Puerto Rico School of Law; Sarah Paoletti, University of Pennsylvania Law School; Sunita Patel, American University, Washington College of Law; Huyen Pham, Texas A&M University School of Law; Michele R. Pistone, Villanova University School of Law; Luis F.B. Plascencia, Arizona State University; Polly J. Price, Emory University School of Law; Doris Marie Provine, Arizona State University; Nina Rabin, James E. Rogers College of Law, University of Arizona; Jaya RamjiNogales, Temple University, Beasley School of Law; Renee C. Redman, University of Connecticut School of Law; Ediberto Roman, Florida International University; Victor C. Romero, Penn State Law; Joseph H. Rosen, Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School; Carrie Rosenbaum, Golden Gate University School of Law; Rachel E. Rosenbloom, Northeastern University School of Law; Rube ´n G. Rumbaut, University of 
California, Irvine; Ted Ruthizer, Columbia Law School; Leticia M. Saucedo, UC Davis School of Law; Heather Scavone, Elon University School of Law; Andrew I. Schoenholtz, Georgetown Law; Philip Schrag, Georgetown University Law Center; Bijal Shah, NYU School of Law; Ragini Shah, Suffolk University Law School; Careen Shannon, Yeshiva University, Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law; Anna Williams Shavers, University of Nebraska College of Law; Bryn Siegel, Pacific Coast University School of Law; Anita Sinha, American University, Washington College of Law; Dan R. Smulian, Brooklyn Law School; Gemma Solimene, Fordham University School of Law; Jayashri Srikantiah, Stanford Law School; Juliet Stumpf, Lewis & Clark Law School; Maureen A. Sweeney, University of Maryland Carey School of Law; Barbara Szweda, Lincoln Memorial University Duncan School of Law; Margaret H. Taylor, Wake Forest University School of Law; David Thronson, Michigan State University College of Law; Allison Brownell Tirres, DePaul University College of Law; Scott Titshaw, Mercer University School of Law; Phil Torrey, Harvard Law School; Enid TruciosHaynes, Louis D. Brandeis School of Law, University of Louisville; Diane Uchimiya, University of La Verne College of Law; Gloria ValenciaWeber, University of New Mexico School of Law; Sheila I. Ve´lez Martı ´nez, University of Pittsburgh 
School of Law; Alex Vernon, Ave Maria School of Law; Rose Cuison Villazor, University of California at Davis School of Law; Leti Volpp, University of California, Berkeley; Jonathan Weinberg, Wayne State University; Deborah M. Weissman, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Lisa WeissmanWard, Stanford Law School; Anna R. Welch, University of Maine School of Law; Virgil O. Wiebe, University of St. Thomas School of Law, Minneapolis; Michael J. Wishnie, Yale Law School; Stephen Yale Loehr, Cornell University Law School; Elizabeth Lee Young, University of Arkansas School of Law. 
* all institutional affiliations are for identification purposes only 
DACA program and the establishment of Deferred Action for Parental Accountability are legal exercises of prosecutorial discretion. Both executive actions are well within the legal authority of the executive branch 
of the Immigration and Naturalization Service or former Chief Counsels of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. As you know, the President on November 20 announced a package of measures designed to deploy his limited immigration enforcement resources in the most effective way. These measures included an expansion of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and the creation of Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA). We take no positions on the policy judgments that those actions reflect, but we have all studied the relevant legal parameters and wish to express our collective view that the President’s actions are well within his legal authority. 
teach or write in the area of immigration law signed a November 25, 2014 letter to the same effect. Rather than repeat the points made in that letter, we simply attach it here and go on record as stating that we agree wholeheartedly with its legal analysis and its conclusions. 
University Professor, Washington University School of Law, Former Chief Counsel, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. 
Del Rey, Bernsen & Loew, Former General Counsel, Immigration and Naturalization Service. 
see what the judicial branch has to say, what they decide? 
poison pills and should be defeated. The first amendment is meant to block all but one of the President’s actions on immigration. This includes the temporary protection from deportation for parents of U.S. citizens and the expansion of temporary relief for people brought to the country as kids. 
more communities, deport the parents of U.S. citizens, and send thousands of American children into foster care. 
But the amendment does more damage. In the interest of time, I will touch on just a few examples. It prevents improving the provisional waiver 
of the 3year and 10year unlawful presence bars created by Congress in 1996 to prevent U.S. citizens from experiencing ‘‘extreme hardship.’’ Ironically, the changes the administration intends would actually make the waiver align 
It would stop actions to help capitalize on the innovation of jobcreating entrepreneurs and increase job opportunities. It would block initiatives designed to promote the integration of immigrants and to promote citizenship. The only action not blocked is a pay raise for ICE agents. 
further implementation of the 2012 DACA memo and any additional efforts to save DREAM Act kids from deportation. In the past, there was confusion about what amendments did. But this one is very clear. It is a straight upor down vote on whether to deport hundreds of thousands of young people who came forward, passed background checks, received DACA, and followed the rule. It would deport the DREAMers. 
The third amendment looks reasonable at first, as it requires that those convicted of sex offenses and domestic violence be the highest priority for enforcement. But the point is, the President’s actions already make those criminals a priority for deportation, and they are prohibited from getting any deportation relief. 
The amendment is not only unnecessary, but it also endangers victims of domestic violence. How? It overturns the DHS policy of inquiry into whether a person convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence was actually the victim, not the perpetrators of the crime. This amendment is opposed by the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, the American Immigration Lawyers Association, and law enforcement. 
letter from 14 sheriffs and police chiefs asking that we oppose the DeSantis amendment. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the undersigned law enforcement officers, write to express our opposition to various proposals under consideration in the House of Representatives that seek to override aspects of the Obama Administration’s immigration policies. 
faith disagreement over certain aspects of the administration’s immigration policies, several of the proposals under consideration by the House of Representatives would represent a step backward, lead to uncertainty in our immigration enforcement system, and make it harder for state and local law enforcement to police our communities. 
The 114th Congress has a tremendous opportunity to fix our broken immigration system, advancing reforms that will help the economy and secure our borders. While we are encouraged by proposals that would secure our borders and reform outdated visa programs, we are concerned by reports of 
appear to have bipartisan support and could unnecessarily threaten a partial governmental shutdown affecting the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). As law enforcement officers, we regularly work with DHS and its component agencies and fear that an unfunded DHS will sow confusion and uncertainty. 
When immigrants feel safe in their communities, including immigrant victims of domestic violence, we are all safer. We oppose amendments that remove key protections from domestic violence victims and undermine the executive branch’s ability to prioritize criminals over otherwise law abiding immigrants. 
House would scrap DHS’s entire existing enforcement framework, because it does not treat ‘‘any alien convicted of any offense involving domestic, violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child exploitation as within the categories of aliens subject to the Department of Homeland Security’s highest civil immigration enforcement priorities.’’ 
While the amendment is intuitively appealing and directed toward protecting domestic violence victims, it actually has the opposite effect in many cases. By guaranteeing ‘‘highest’’ priority treatment of all domestic violence cases, the amendment raises the stakes for any report of domestic violence—a single report of domestic violence could lead to removal proceedings and deportation. 
Immigrant victims are particularly vulnerable to being arrested and prosecuted for domestic violence, even when they are not the primary perpetrator of violence in the relationship, due to language and cultural barriers. Once in custody and/or facing trial, and desperate to be released and reunited with their children, these same factors— combined with poor legal counsel, may lead to deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly convicted of domestic violence charges. Currently, federal authorities have flexibility in separating victims from perpetrators in dual arrest situations. The proposed amendment would remove this flexibly, leading to the deportation of victims of domestic violence. 
2. LAW ENFORCEMENT SHOULD REFOCUS ITS PRI ORITIES TOWARD CATCHING SERIOUS CRIMI NALS AND SECURITY THREATS  
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), do not have the capacity or resources to remove all undocumented immigrants. Existing federal policies prioritize the removal of immigrants with criminal records over those who pose no threat to the community. We believe that law enforcement agencies should spend their limited time and resources focusing on pursuing truly dangerous criminals, not otherwise lawabiding members of the community. 
Various amendments would seek to override these longstanding priorities. We oppose such amendments. 
on the state and local levels diverts limited resources away from public safety and undermines trust within immigrant communities. State and local law enforcement agencies face tight budgets and often do not have the capacity or resources to duplicate the federal government’s work in enforcing federal immigration laws. Rather than apprehending and removing immigrants who have no criminal background or affiliation and are merely seeking to work or reunite with family, it is more important for state and local law enforcement to focus limited resources and funding on true threats to public safety and security. 
additional enforcement responsibilities onto state and local law enforcement, including amendments that would reinstitute and codify the Secure Communities program. Some proposals also would impose a federal mandate on state and local law enforcement agencies to hold suspects even in the absence of probable cause, an action that raises serious constitutional and legal questions and would risk creating legal liability for state and local law enforcement agencies. We oppose such amendments. 
To the extent that state and local law enforcement play a role in immigration enforcement, the federal government must provide adequate funding in line with these responsibilities. 
House would place needed federal funding to state and local law enforcement at risk. These proposals, including proposed amendments that would condition significant federal funding on holding suspects in the absence of probable cause, raise serious concerns. We oppose such amendments. 
on Congress to fund DHS, including valuable DHS programs that provide needed funding to state and local law enforcement. We support legislation to fully fund this crucial agency for the entire 2015 fiscal year. 
that the 114th Congress has a tremendous opportunity to fix our broken immigration system, advance reforms that will help the economy and secure our borders. Any executive actions taken by the executive branch are temporary and limited—by themselves they will not fix a broken system, nor will their repeal fix a broken system. 
broken system truly needs is a permanent legislative solution. It is our hope that DHS funding legislation passes promptly and without any of the shortcomings we flagged above. Passing such legislation opens the door for this Congress to work constructively towards necessary immigration reform legislation. 
Chief Randy Gaber, Madison Police Department, Madison, Wisconsin; Chief Ronald Haddad, Dearborn Police 
Chief James Hawkins, Garden City Police Department, Garden City, Kansas; 
Chief Jose Lopez, Durham Police Department, Durham, North Carolina; 
Sheriff Lupe Valdez, Dallas County Sheriff’s Office, Dallas County, Texas. 
also creates problems. It says that USCIS should adjudicate petitions of individuals in lawful status before adjudicating petitions of individuals in unlawful status. But that is too broad. There are many petitions filed by people in unlawful status that we would not want to delay: green cards for the wives and husbands of American citizens; requests for U visas and T visas from crime victims or sextrafficking victims; immigrant visa petitions filed by domestic violence victims. These are all people who would be harmed by the amendment. 
I would note that the fourth amendment is based on the falsehood that the President’s immigration actions created an incentive for employers to hire deferred action recipients instead of American workers. This is simply not true. 
Now, we need to have a serious conversation about immigration policy in the House, but threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security is not the way to do that. These amendments are foolish and a step backwards, and not funding DHS is dumb and dangerous. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, at this time, I will yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the State of Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
fulfills our promise to the American people to responsibly fund our Homeland Security Department while also stopping President Obama’s unconstitutional actions. This is the clear will of the American people, which was expressed this past November. 
results of that election, with administration officials saying he will veto any bill we pass out of Congress that would end his illegal amnesty order and hold him accountable. 
would shut down the Department of Homeland Security, whose mission is to protect the American people, just to continue implementing a policy that he admitted on more than 20 occasions 
I seriously hope he will not. Continuing to defend his unauthorized and unconstitutional order by vetoing this bill would be more than reckless. It would confirm beyond any reasonable doubt that President Obama believes he is above the law. 
and not abdicate on the shared responsibility we have to preserve Congress’ prerogatives to defend the Constitution and to stop the abuse of power happening under this President. 
President’s desk immediately and see whether he is capable of putting the will of the American people and the Constitution ahead of his own selfserving agenda. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). 
leadership has chosen to play political games with the security and safety of our Nation by including extreme partisan poison pill amendments to this Homeland Security funding bill. Rather than putting country before party, House Republican leaders have chosen to advance an extreme agenda instead of doing what needs to be done to protect Americans. 
political points above safeguarding our communities. This is precisely the type of political gimmick people in the Coachella Valley and across the country are sick of. 
week demonstrate how critical it is that the men and women of our law enforcement agencies have the funding necessary to do their jobs and keep us safe. 
leadership to allow a vote on a clean, bipartisan Homeland Security bill that ensures law enforcement, the Coast Guard, and the Secret Service have the resources they need to protect our communities. 
It is time to end the political bickering and work toward sensible, pragmatic solutions to keep our homeland secure. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman C ARTER , 
for his tremendous leadership, this important legislation, and for yielding me this time. 
of Thomas Jefferson, who once said: ‘‘Experience hath shown, that even under the best forms of government, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it.’’ Mr. Chairman, we have heard repeatedly from our leader, our President, that he has said he is not king, he is not emperor, and that his powers, as President, are restricted. But his actions speak louder than words. Republicans are committed to holding the President accountable for his overreaching executive actions. 
in this country because we are a Nation governed by the rule of law, not by the decrees of monarchs. 
have tragically reminded us, there are those who are still committed to destroying our way of life. 
The Homeland Security Appropriations bill we are debating tonight supports the needs of the brave men and women who protect us each day and meets the requirements to keep us safe. 
legislation ensure we continue to be a Nation governed by laws and prevents any funds from being used to implement the President’s unconstitutional decrees of amnesty while it prevents further implementation of DACA, which led to the crisis at the border last summer. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me 
in supporting this legislation to protect our great Nation and supporting the amendments to protect the rule of law. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, and the amendments that go with it. 
Now let’s get to the facts. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle conveniently leave these facts out. 
with shutting down Homeland Security. Second of all, the total budget for Homeland Security is $39.7 billion. That is $1.3 billion over the President’s request. That is $400 million over last year. 
Our amendments prevent the President from using any moneys—no matter from where—on amnesty. 
Homeland Security. If Homeland Security is shut down, it is due to the Democrats and President Barack Obama because he has more money for Homeland Security than he asked for. 
November that include changes to border security, status of persons currently living in the United States unlawfully, and future legal immigration policy changes—all of which are directly under the purview of the legislative branch, not the executive branch. 
included several other changes that directly result in amnesty. To be clear, democracy in this country was 
built on the foundation of a three branch federal government. 
checks and balances to prevent any branch from becoming allpowerful and exceeding its constitutional authority. 
grants all lawmaking authority to Congress, and instead gives the executive branch the role of executing the laws passed. 
The President’s overreach in granting amnesty has left Congress with no choice but to exercise the power of the purse today to restore the Federal Government to one of balance, within the confines of the Constitution. 
Act to ensure this type of change, and I applaud the leadership for bringing legislation to the floor to boldly put an end to the President’s executive order on amnesty. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). 
clear: this debate is not about immigration. This debate is about something much more, much more important than that. This is a generational conflict over something that is very clear. It is not about Presidential prerogative or Presidential arrogance. 
had the honor of serving my country. Prior to doing that, I took a sacred oath of office, which is very similar to the oath that all of us took last week, to defend the Constitution of the United States. That is what this legislation is about. That is why this piece of legislation is so important. 
balance of powers. It seeks to conform that vision that our Founding Fathers had, that miracle that was created in Philadelphia that summer. It seeks to conform and to preserve the principles that so many people have died for. 
is tasked to create the law. That is what this legislation is about. That is why it is so important that we support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). 
H.R. 240, providing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of this fiscal year. This legislation provides the funding necessary to ensure that all of the Department’s critical missions have the resources necessary to be dutifully executed. 
amendments to this legislation. And when considering the amendments that were made in order, I am reminded of 
that I witness when I attend naturalization ceremonies in my home district. When new citizens raise their right hand and recite the Oath of Allegiance, the aura of achievement and opportunity is palpable. These immigrantsturnedcitizens have come to the country the right way. They have followed the rules, and they have earned that feeling of achievement. 
These immigrants embody and have displayed the values we hold most dear: hard work, integrity, perseverance, and a commitment to be a contributing member of the American society. 
because we are expressing the sense of Congress in these amendments that we respect naturalized citizens; we honor their hard work and dedication to the legal immigration and naturalization process. We should hold these new citizens up as models for how to immigrate to this country the right way. We should not punish them by using their very processing fees that they paid to accommodate illegal immigrants hiding from the rule of law. And that is why the President’s unilateral executive action is so destructive. 
only in voting to defund the President’s unconstitutional executive action but also to call upon his administration and the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to stop putting the interests of unlawful immigrants ahead of legal immigrants. Let’s reward those who come to this country the right way, not those who have broken the law. 
thank the Appropriations Committee and the chairman for this important work vindicating legal immigration. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chairman, the security of the United States and the American people must be our top priority. I urge the majority to defeat the poison pill amendments that will prevent this bill from becoming law and to support a clean Homeland Security bill that will provide the resources that are needed to provide our great Nation with the protections that they need. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I believe we have no further speakers, so at this time, I am prepared to close. 
things. Nobody is going to lose a paycheck, no agency is going to go broke, as we have this constitutional discussion and this constitutional debate that has taken place today and will probably take place tomorrow, when the amendments will actually be before this august body for a determination of whether they will be included or not included in this bill. 
think, that some may think these things are already here, but we will follow the regular process tomorrow on the amendments that have been made in order. 
of the United States at risk in this bill, and we will have a normal debate, as we do here. What better body to address constitutional issues than the Congress of the United States? 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, today the Majority has chosen to hold the Department of Homeland Security hostage with their extreme antiimmigrant policies. Rather than pass a bipartisan bill that would fund the agency tasked with securing our border and protecting our citizens from terrorism and violence—the Majority will consider poison pill amendments to appease an extreme faction of their party. 
with the lives, safety and security of the American people. In the wake of the recent Paris tragedy, it is all too apparent that we need smart enforcement policies that protect the American people and root out any terror threats. The Department of Homeland Security plays a central role in our fight against terror, both in the United States and around the world and we should fully fund their efforts as soon as possible. We should not be debating ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments that have no chance of becoming law and will only further delay the funding of DHS. 
the American people that they only immigration policy they believe in is ‘‘mass deportation.’’ They have attached several policy riders to this appropriations bill that would further separate families, including the families of military service members and U.S. citizens. 
consider will prevent DHS from implementing smart enforcement policies, including ones that prioritize deporting felons before families. These smart policies allow DHS to focus valuable resources on individuals with criminal convictions and not immigrants with U.S. citizen and legal permanent resident family members. 
I urge my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle to stop playing politics with our national security and start governing. 
funds the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the current fiscal year at $39.7 billion, an increase of $400 million compared to the FY2014 enacted level. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of 
of Homeland Security for the remainder of the current fiscal year 
that will receive funding through this legislation, I’d like to address just a few critically important areas: 
executive fiat granted amnesty to as many as five million illegal immigrants. His decision to 
circumvent the proper legislative process was not the right way to handle this important issue. The President himself even admitted that he did not have the legal authority to issue an executive notice of this nature. We made a promise to our constituents that one of the first things we would do this Congress would be to prevent the President’s unconstitutional executive action from becoming our nation’s de facto immigration policy. This legislation does just that. 
and Border Protection in order to make our border more secure. This increase will support a greater number of Border Patrol agents and officers, and provides them with the technologies they need to ensure aroundtheclock surveillance of air, land and sea approaches to our nation. 
And finally, this legislation includes important provisions that will allow the Coast Guard to continue operations without the cuts proposed by the President that would have greatly harmed the Coast Guard’s operational abilities. 
to prevent the President’s unconstitutional actions and to support the men and women who 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Chair, we need to be clear 
about what is happening here today. The Republican Majority in the House is putting our national security at risk by threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland in order to advance their meanspirited, antiimmigrant agenda. 
Obama. We get it. The Majority also disagrees with the actions the President has taken on immigration. 
immigration, let’s hear your plan to fix our nation’s broken immigration system. Bring your bill to the Floor and let’s debate it. But we shouldn’t let down our guard on national security by playing games with the bill that funds border security, immigrations and customs enforcement, FEMA, and the Coast Guard. 
funding bill that could easily pass the House and Senate. We could pass that bill today and the President would sign it into law. Instead, the Republican Majority is preparing to load up the bill with a number of divisive, poison pill amendments that the President will never agree to. Unless House Republicans change course, funding for the entire Department of Homeland Security will cut off on February 27. 
So the message to my Republican colleagues is clear. Stop playing politics with our national security and send the President a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
thank the Gentlewoman from New York, Ms. LOWEY , for yielding me time. 
Mr. Chair, I rise to voice my opposition to 
the antiimmigration amendments that will be considered later this afternoon. 
drafted with an eye toward making our nation safer, but rather scoring political points against the President. 
Homeland Security, I am disturbed that some of my colleagues are willing to play partisan politics with national security. 
cyberattacks at American companies and radicalized terrorists wreak havoc on the streets of Sydney and Paris. 
attaching to DHS’ funding bill have nothing to do with cybersecurity. 
Americans safe from lonewolf terrorists or other radicalized individuals. 
Rather, the amendments are being considered to satisfy the farright fringe contingency of the Republican Party who have amassed disproportionate influence over the past few years. 
could force DHS to use its limited resources to remove lawabiding children brought to the country through no fault of their own before deporting those who pose a threat to our safety or security. 
end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, setting in motion the deportation of those who have already come forward, paid the relevant fees and submitted to background checks, from America—the only home most of them have ever known. 
In light of global terrorist events that occurred in recent months, the notion that we would remove individuals—who are known to, and have been vetted by, DHS—before focusing on those who may do us harm runs counter to commonsense and contradicts our riskbased approach to homeland security. 
I urge my colleagues to reject the antiimmigration amendments that will be considered later this afternoon. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I move the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BARR) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 27, I call up the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES ACT 
final rule, pursuant to which public comment will be sought before a final rule is issued; and 
or mitigation such commercial risk is addressed by entering into a securitybased swap with a securitybased swap dealer or major securitybased swap participant, an appropriate credit support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
‘‘is a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
‘‘case of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
bank’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: 
with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or securities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. 
‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a 
this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation thereunder. 
or manager of a limited liability company, or officer exercising executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); 
‘‘(II) has the right to vote 20 percent or 
more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 20 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 20 percent or more of the capital. 
The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a company that meets both of the following conditions: 
before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the following conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): 
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are less than $25,000,000. 
broker’ means a broker, and any person associated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regardless of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemption of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably believes that— 
exchange for securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, such person will, 
prior to becoming legally bound to consummate the transaction, receive or have reasonable access to the most recent yearend balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in financial position, and statement of owner’s equity of the issuer of the securities offered in exchange, and, if the financial statements of the issuer are audited, the related report of the independent auditor, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information pertaining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. 
index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2014; and 
Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
made by this Act shall take effect as if enacted as part of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) on July 21, 2010. 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES ACT 
public offering pursuant to such registrations statement or the end of the 1year period beginning on the date the company ceases to be an emerging growth company.’’. 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
company (as such term is defined under section 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
FORM S –1.—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of enactment of this subsection, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise its general instructions on Form S–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit financial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
days after the date of enactment of this subsection, an issuer filing a registration statement (or submitting the statement for confidential review) on Form S–1 may omit financial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
702, that the benefits of such requirements to such issuers outweigh the costs, but no earlier than three years after enactment of this Act. 
from the costs and benefits identified by the Commission in the order relating to interactive data to improve financial reporting (dated January 30, 2009; 74 Fed. Reg. 6776) because of the size of such issuers; 
capital formation, and financing and on analyst coverage of such issuers (including any such effects resulting from use of XBRL by investors); 
of improved ability to monitor securities markets, assess the potential outcomes of regulatory alternatives, and enhance investor participation in corporate governance and promote capital formation; and 
United States for interactive filing data relative to the standards of international counterparts. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Commission shall provide the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report regarding— 
As used in this title, the terms ‘‘Commission’’, ‘‘emerging growth company’’, ‘‘issuer’’, and ‘‘securities laws’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). 
banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board’’; and 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to submit a summary page on form 
10–K (17 C.F.R. 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a crossreference (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
Not later than the end of the 180day period 
this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.)— 
K, required for all issuers, that are duplicative, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
that no further study under section 1003 is necessary to determine the efficacy of such revisions to regulation S–K. 
Commission shall carry out a study of the requirements contained in regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
simplify such requirements in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material information; 
360day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
on modernizing and simplifying the requirements in regulation S–K in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on companies while still providing all material information; and 
on ways to improve the readability and navigability of disclosure documents and to discourage repetition and the disclosure of immaterial information. 
made to regulation S–K by the Commission under section 1002 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
the issuer is required under such section to deliver an additional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. 
Resolution 27, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 37, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
American people, for the sake of all of those who are underemployed, who are unemployed still today in this economy, let us hope that the third time is the charm. 
The bill that is before us today, substantially authored by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), 
the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, was on the floor in a substantially identical version in the 113th Congress. 
small businesses, on job creators to help foster capital creation, so that people can be put back to work, so that people can have good careers, so that people can pay their mortgages and pay their health care premiums, substantially in the same form passed in the last Congress 320–102; regrettably then, the United States Senate, under Democrat control, took up no portion of the bill. 
It was last week that a slightly different version of the bill was brought to this House floor under what we know as our suspension calendar, which is reserved for bills that typically enjoy broad bipartisan support; regrettably, it proved to be about a dozen votes short because a number of my friends from the other side of the aisle apparently decided that they were for the bill before they were against the bill. They changed their minds in approximately 7 days. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a very simple bill. There were 11 different modest provisions, all of which enjoyed broad bipartisan support, again which were modest, modest attempts to ensure that small businesses could still survive in an otherwise onerous Washington regulatory climate. 
combined—and it is quite common for us to roll up bills for the sake of efficiency, bills that are quite similar in nature—was 30 pages long. Not 300, not 3,000—it wasn’t the 2,000 pages of ObamaCare, not the 2,000 pages of DoddFrank—it was merely 30 pages. 
Well, included in this bill is H.R. 634, which passed this body 411–12. It includes H.R. 5471, which passed the House by voice vote, not a dissenting vote that I recall. It includes H.R. 801 that passed the House 417–4. It includes H.R. 2274, the bill that passed the House 422–0. 
I could go on and on, but of the bills 
that are rolled up to ensure greater capital formation and regulatory relief for our smaller business enterprises, all of these passed either the committee or the House with overwhelming bipartisan support, and now—now—the minority is coming to this floor and somehow crying foul. Again, many were for it before they were against it. 
constituents in the eyes and know that, even today, they continue to suffer in this economy and not do something to help them. 
Speaker, is there is a division. There is a division within the Democrat Party. According to press reports, some Democrats have reportedly told their fellow Democrats that if they dare to vote for a bill that makes a clarification or modification to DoddFrank, they aren’t real Democrats. 
President Obama signed into law a modification of DoddFrank. I know the President is not a Republican, but according to some Democrats, apparently by signing a modification to DoddFrank, he is not apparently a Democrat, either, so I am not really sure what he is. 
It is fascinating that a former chairman, Barney Frank, of the House Financial Services Committee, one of my predecessors, in previous testimony before our committee, indicated a number of changes to DoddFrank that he thought would be proper, so according to some Democrats, apparently Barney Frank is no longer a Democrat, either. 
Speaker, is of the 11 bills that are rolled up into this 30page document, some of them either clarify or modify provisions of DoddFrank, and for some Members of the Democratic Party, apparently, DoddFrank has now been elevated beyond ideology to religion, and there can be no changes in a 2,000 page bill that we know is fraught with unintended consequences. 
of the aisle that say, ‘‘no changes, no changes,’’ yet President Obama signed a change into law. Former Chairman Frank has indicated a number of changes he would consider. 
It is time to get beyond the ideology. It is time to get America back to work. It is time to start growing this economy 
claims they want to do, and that is work on a bipartisan basis. All of these bills passed with overwhelming bipartisan majorities, and now, because of this almost religious zeal for the Dodd Frank brand, again, some of my Democratic colleagues have decided that they were for it before they were against it. 
work. It is time to enact H.R. 37, Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. Let’s make sure the third time is the charm. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, if at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Usually, we tell that saying to children to encourage them to achieve greater things, but it seems that when it comes to Congress, it is what Wall Street keeps telling House Republicans. 
they could sneak this bill by last week through a fasttrack process on the House floor, a process with limited debate and no opportunity for amendments. They thought they could ram through this gift to a handful of the biggest Wall Street banks on just the 2nd day of this new Congress right after we had reconvened. 
watching, and the Democrats here in the House told them ‘‘no.’’ The Republican bill failed. Now, here they are; they are at it again. Now, H.R. 37 is back on the floor again, without the opportunity to amend it and with limited debate. 
The only difference is that Republicans have reduced how many votes are needed to guarantee passage. That’s right. Rather than fix the bill to win broad support, Republicans just changed the rule to make sure the tainted bill passes. 
one, it takes a part of Wall Street reform’s Volcker rule and delays it for yet another 2 years. Remember that the Volcker rule is the part of Dodd Frank that stops governmentsupported banks from gambling with bank depositors’ money. And this extra 2 year delay comes on top of a 3year delay that our regulators carefully crafted to ease the megabanks’ transition. 
Republicans want to see delayed applies to what are known as collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs. CLOs are bundles of leveraged loans, loans often issued by private equity firms to facilitate corporate buyouts that can harm American jobs. The loans are sliced and diced into packages and sold off to investors, including banks that hold customers’ deposits. The packages often also contain credit default swaps or other derivatives that can make the position even riskier. 
supposedly smartest people in the room—can’t seem to comply with a law passed in 2010 by—that’s right—2017. Seven long years isn’t enough. The Republicans and the banks want nearly a decade. 
bill wouldn’t just let the banks hold on to these CLOs. The bill would let the banks accumulate new CLOs also. That’s right. The banks could actively trade in and out of these investments, unlike the rules carefully crafted by the Federal Reserve. 
the end of last year with the socalled swaps pushout rule. They hope they can jam these bills through Congress by attaching them to mustpass legislation. And most of all, they hope these issues are way too complicated or too technical for the American people to understand or care about. But the American people really do understand. They remember how our economy was nearly brought to its knees in 2008, and they recognize that we can’t let Wall Street slowly chip away at reforms designed to prevent that kind of large scale financial crisis from happening again. 
That is why the White House said he would veto this legislation if it got to his desk. And so one cannot help but wonder why are we here on the floor after 8 o’clock in the evening with an attempt to push through something that was jammed into a package of bills? Many of those bills had been heard either in committee or on the floor, but one portion of this bill had not. And so is this simply an attempt to ram down one segment that they fear real debate on, ram it down the throats of the Members of this Legislature and the citizens of this country, hiding it in this package, hoping that we won’t get it? 
has been brought to the floor without regard for any regular order. The nine new members on the Financial Services Committee will not get a chance to hear testimony on it at all. And in just the 2nd week of their term, 52 new Members of the House are expected to vote on it, having complicated deregulation shoved down their throats. Democrats offered 13 amendments, one of them bipartisan, but none of these amendments will be considered or debated. Why? Because my colleagues on the other side are not interested in legislation but, rather, in political theater. 
for the legislative process stand. We want to see reforms sensibly implemented. We want to work with regulators to get the rules right, and we want our largest banks to stop gambling and go back to facilitating 
growth in the real economy. But that is difficult to do when my Republican counterparts continue pushing legislation that masquerades as technical fixes but really makes substantive changes to the DoddFrank reform law. And then they package completely reckless legislation with other provisions that are either necessary or sensible. 
Obama knows better, and the American people know better. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
yield myself 20 seconds to say that this highly controversial bill that the ranking member alludes to passed on the House floor by voice vote, and this particular financing helps companies like Dunkin’ Donuts, American Airlines, Burger King, and Goodyear Tire put people to work in America—hardly Wall Street. The head of the Independent Community Bankers has said it is necessary to protect community banks, and that is why we are here today. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT) on behalf of the 
Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. As chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy and Credit, I specifically want to highlight and voice my support for the past work of the Agriculture Committee on the three titles of this bill that we worked on. 
First of all, title I of this bill, the 
Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act, will provide much needed relief to American farmers, businesses, and job creators who rely on derivatives to manage the risk inherent in the daily operation of their farms and businesses. It will do so by reinforcing congressional intent that those market participants who have been exempted from clearing their trades are also exempted from corresponding margin requirements. 
end users do not have to divert working capital to margin requirements, thus keeping those dollars at work in the economy. I am pleased that this provision was included in this package, as well as in the TRIA authorization that was recently approved by both the House and the Senate. 
Also under the Ag Committee’s jurisdiction is title II of H.R. 37, pertaining to the treatment of interaffiliate transactions. This wellreasoned provision was passed by the Congress multiple times in the 113th Congress and also will prevent the tieup of working capital. It will do so by ensuring that transactions between affiliates within 
a single corporate group are not regulated as swaps. 
the same regulations as swaps, companies could be subject to double margin requirements. Since interaffiliate swaps pose no systemic risk to the economy or the marketplace, such redundant regulation would provide no additional risk reduction while substantially raising costs that would ultimately be passed on to the consumers. Title II of H.R. 37 will prevent that misguided regulatory scheme and allow American businesses to continue utilizing their established and efficient centralized trading models. 
title V of H.R. 37 will ensure that regulators and market participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
DoddFrank currently requires indemnification agreements from foreign regulators requesting information from U.S. swap data repositories or derivatives clearing organizations. These agreements state that the foreign regulator will abide by certain confidentiality requirements and indemnify the U.S. Commission for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the request for information. 
Unfortunately, the concept of indemnification does not exist in many foreign jurisdictions. As such, some foreign regulators cannot agree to these indemnification requirements. This may hinder our ability to make a workable datasharing arrangement with those regulators and ultimately fragment the marketplace by encouraging them to establish their own data repositories. H.R. 37 narrowly addresses this potential datasharing problem by simply removing the indemnification requirements from current law. Existing provisions requiring certain confidentiality obligations will remain in place. 
these provisions in today’s bill. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislative package aimed at reducing regulatory burdens and promoting economic growth. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her great work on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 37, the socalled Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
Committee during the 2008 financial crisis, and I had an opportunity to witness the harmful impact that lack of regulation had on hardworking families around our Nation at a total cost of more than $22 trillion, according to the Government Accountability Office. My constituents—and many of yours— lost their homes, their jobs, and their retirement savings during that period. 
Many pension funds today continue to suffer and are on the brink of collapse because of the reckless policies that were observed during that time by many of our major banks. 
the Wall Street banks who were rewarded with bonuses as a result of the bailout, I did have the honor of helping to assist in reforming our financial system through the enactment of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. I regret the bill under consideration today rolls back many of those reforms that my colleagues and I fought so hard to adopt. 
I would note that after being defeated last week under a suspension process that offered no opportunity for amendments, this bill now has inexplicably been brought to the House floor under a closed rule that again does not include any of the 14 amendments that were filed with the Rules Committee. At a minimum, a bill that does so much harm to our financial system necessitates the normal committee process and additional time for debate. 
few of them which I support, others I strongly oppose. Portions of H.R. 37 have entirely new provisions that the members of the committee and of this Congress have not had the opportunity to thoroughly analyze. 
By the way, if you desire a good review of this legislation, in this past Sunday’s New York Times there is an article written by Gretchen Morgenson that I think is extremely wellwritten and goes into great detail beyond the time that I am allocated here tonight. 
with commercial business to trade derivatives privately rather than on clearinghouses. This would increase risk and reduce transparency for these transactions. My amendment, which was not accepted, would have improved the provisions by prohibiting systematically important financial institutions, whose collapse would pose a serious risk to our financial system, from claiming the exemption under this title. 
language that has not been considered by the Financial Services Committee under regular order. If passed, title VIII would give banks an additional 2 years to comply with the provisions of the Volcker rule that mandates that banks divest collateralized loan obligations—packages of risky debt. 
to the extension we already provided by the regulation last year. That further delay adds unnecessary risk to our financial system. And that is why I 
sponsored another amendment to remove this additional 2year delay, so banks will be required to comply with this provision of the Volcker rule no later than July 21, 2017. 
the SEC rule 701 by allowing private companies to compensate their employees up to $10 million in company securities without having to provide those employees with certain basic financial disclosures about the company stock. 
I strongly support employees receiving equity benefits from their firms in which they work, but those benefits should be tangible and real. We all remember Enron and WorldCom where employees were pressured to buy stock as part of their compensation, and at the end of the day, that stock was completely worthless. 
Why can’t we enable employees to receive some equity in the company in which they work and ensure that those workers get accurate financial disclosure as part of that deal? This is why I offered three amendments to reform title XI in order to make certain workers get accurate information about the equities shares that they are receiving from the companies they work for. Unfortunately, the Rules Committee chose to deny all the amendments to this bill. 
veneer of job creation to provide special treatment for wellconnected corporations and financial institutions while doing very little for the workers that it professes to help. 
vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and, again, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
less than a week, but a goal for many of its members is already evident: a further rollback of regulations put in place to keep markets and Main Street safe from reckless Wall Street practices. 
failed in a fasttrack vote on Wednesday in the House of Representatives. It is scheduled to come up again in the House this week. 
The bill, introduced by Representative Michael Fitzpatrick, a Pennsylvania Republican who is a member of the House Financial Services Committee, has three troublesome elements. First, it would let large banks hold on to certain risky securities until 2019, two years longer than currently allowed. It would also prevent the Securities and Exchange Commission from regulating private equity firms that conduct some securities transactions. And, finally, the bill would make derivatives trading less transparent, allowing unseen risks to build up in the system. 
from the name of the bill: the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. Or from the mild claim that the bill was intended only ‘‘to make technical corrections’’ to the DoddFrank legislation of 2010. 
and esoteric financial activities that few understand. Then, make supposedly minor tweaks to their governing regulations that actually wind up gutting them. 
go in with seemingly technical changes that intimidate regulators and keep them from putting teeth in regulations,’’ predicted Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a nonpartisan, nonprofit coalition of more than 200 consumer and civic groups across the country. ‘‘If we return to the precrisis business as usual, where it’s routine for people to accommodate Wall Street on these technical changes, they’re just going to unravel the postcrisis regulation piece by piece. Then, we’ll be right back where we started.’’ 
The bill was put forward on the second day 
of the new Congress, in an expedited process, which didn’t allow for debate among members. This process is supposed to be reserved for noncontroversial bills and requires support from a twothirds majority to prevail. It fell just short of achieving that level, with a vote of 276 to 146, overwhelmingly backed by Republicans and opposed by most Democrats. 
at part of the Volcker Rule, the regulation intended to reduce speculative trading activities among federally insured banks. The bill would give the institutions holding collateralized loan obligations—bundles of debt—two additional years to sell those stakes. 
Rule, which bars banks from ownership in or relationships with hedge funds or private equity firms, many of which issue and oversee these instruments. Like the mortgage pools that wreaked such havoc with United States banks in the most recent crisis, C.L.O.s can pose high risks for banks. 
torrid recently; $124.1 billion was issued last year, compared with $82.61 billion in 2013, according to S&P Capital IQ. Among the banks with the largest C.L.O. exposures are JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo; according to SNL Financial, a research firm, JPMorgan Chase held $30 billion and Wells Fargo $22.5 billion in the third quarter of 2014, the most recent figures available. The nextlargest stake—$4.7 billion—was held by the State Street Corporation. 
to jettison them. But the new legislation represents Wall Street’s second reprieve on these instruments. After banks objected to the sale of their holdings last spring, the Federal Reserve gave them two years beyond the initial 2015 deadline to get rid of them. 
Now they want another two years. Although the top three banks had unrealized gains in their C.L.O. holdings in the third quarter, SNL said some banks were facing losses. And that was before the collapse in the price of oil, which has undoubtedly pummeled some of these securities. 
Fitzpatrick bill relates to the lucrative private equity industry, which remains loosely regulated. The bill would exempt some private equity firms from registering as brokerage firms with the S.E.C. Under securities law, such registration is required of firms that receive fees for investment banking activities, like providing merger advice or selling debt securities. 
Private equity firms are typically registered only as investment advisers, so submitting to brokerdealer regulation would result in more frequent examinations and more rules. 
These firms don’t like that. But their investors could benefit from closer regulatory scrutiny of costly conflicts of interest in 
these operations. For example, a private equity firm providing merger advice to a company its investors own in a fund portfolio— not an arm’slength transaction—could easily charge more for those services than an unaffiliated firm would. 
would reduce transparency and increase risks in this arena by allowing Wall Street firms with commercial businesses like oil and gas or other commodities operations—to trade derivatives privately and not on clearinghouses. 
Trading on clearinghouses generates accurate price data that help both banks and regulators value these instruments. Because these clearinghouses perform risk management, problematic positions are easier to spot. 
If this change goes through, it will be the 
second recent victory on derivatives for big banks. Last month, Congress reversed a part of the DoddFrank law barring derivatives from being traded in federally insured units of banks. Taxpayers may be on the hook for bailouts, therefore, if losses occur in the banks’ derivatives books. 
2010, was by no means a comprehensive fix for a risky banking system. And it is more vulnerable to attack, in part, because of its complexity and design. DoddFrank delegated so much rulemaking to regulators that it essentially invited the institutions they oversee to fight them every inch of the way. 
financial institutions that almost wrecked our nation’s economy work to heighten risks in the system. 
moderate and pretty compromised already,’’ Mr. Stanley of Americans for Financial Reform said. ‘‘Any further compromise and it tends to collapse into nothingness.’’ 
Democratic colleagues whose rhetoric is against Wall Street, yet they vote in DoddFrank to codify a taxpayer bailout fund for Wall Street into that legislation. They designate firms too big to fail so their rhetoric is aimed at Wall Street but they hurt Main Street, who we are trying to help now. 
author of the title that helps so many of our small businesses grow. 
chairman for his leadership on this important package, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for his leadership, and I 
rise in strong support of his legislation, H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
is about economic growth. And it is about jobs on Main Street. Make no mistake about it: essentially the same legislative package passed the House last fall by a bipartisan vote of 320–102. If I may, I want to talk a little bit about title VIII of this legislation, which passed the House last April by 
voice vote, and it contains language from a bill I introduced in the last Congress, H.R. 4167, the Restoring Proven Financing for American Employers Act. 
across the aisle, Congresswoman MALONEYof New York, to craft sound, commonsense, bipartisan language to clarify the Volcker rule while maintaining its original legislative intent regarding the treatment of collateralized loan obligations. 
the Volcker rule and what it does. As currently structured, this rule will substantially disrupt the market for CLOs, a vital source of capital for midsized and emerging growth American companies that cannot costeffectively access the corporate bond market. There are two negative impacts of this rule. 
negative impact on banks, many small and mediumsized community banks, and it is estimated that banks will have to divest or restructure up to $70 billion of CLO notes under this rule if unchanged. 
availability for American companies that are beneficiaries of this innovative source of credit. 
billion of senior secured commercial and industrial loans to some of the most dynamic, jobproducing companies in America. One of these companies, Tempur Sealy International, the world’s largest manufacturer of mattresses, foundations, pillows, and other bedding products, is headquartered in my district. 
being prescribed by the Volcker rule, forcing banks to sell billions of dollars of CLO paper in a firesale scenario, and the loss of credit availability for a wide range of Main Street businesses, growing companies, jobproducing employers would be a far more damaging result to jobs and the economy than the perceived disease, banks ever suffering losses from holding AAA CLO paper, which is fundamentally different and distinguishable from the mortgage backed securities that led to the run up to the financial crisis. 
does and what this title does, and what it does not do. It doesn’t do away with the Volcker rule. If you listened to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, you would think that we are totally doing away with the Volcker rule. That is not what this does. What it does is it grandfathers legacy CLOs and prevents a fire sale of these CLOs. 
grandfather provision, the Volcker rule would effectively operate to make illegal certain investments that were perfectly legal and safe when they were made. In other words, the Volcker rule as currently written applies retroactively to CLOs, attaching legal consequences to investment decisions 
anticipate these consequences at the time the decision was made. Such retroactivity will profoundly and negatively disrupt the plans and settled expectations of CLO investors, and this will create turmoil in the commercial credit market and force banks to sell billions of existing CLO debt. As a result, the cost of financing will increase and access to credit will dry up, and this will reduce liquidity in America’s capital markets. 
been said about Wall Street versus Main Street. This is about Main Street jobs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Community Bankers Association, and the American Bankers Association all talk about how this will help. Our bill, our fix, will help community banks grow capital and support local economic development and job creation on Main Street. 
that forcing a select group of banks to sell these assets over a short time is not the optimal solution. Such an action would create an environment of institutions forced to sell, and buyers who can purchase CLOs at extraordinarily cheap prices, and this would create unnecessary losses at banks and produce windfall profits for those who can demand to buy them at below market rates. 
and commonsense solution, not a rollback of DoddFrank by any means. It keeps the Volcker rule completely intact and simply provides phasedin compliance to banks of all sizes that made sound investment decisions, allowing for a finite universe of wellperforming legacy CLOs to be sold or paid off. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
It will keep the Volcker rule completely intact, and simply provide phasedin compliance to banks of all sizes that made sound investment decisions, allowing the finite universe of wellperforming legacy CLOs to be sold or paid off over an added 2 years rather than forcing these legacy CLOs into a fire sale. 
The proprietary trading ban is retained entirely for all new CLO issuances. 
of talk about deregulation. As for the canard that deregulation was to blame for the financial crisis, that story line has been thoroughly debunked. The crisis was caused by the government’s own housing policies, which fostered the creation of 25 million subprime and other lowquality mortgages, almost 50 percent of all the mortgages in the United States that defaulted at unprecedented rates. 
cause of the crisis. CLOs performed very well during the crisis. Regulators 
have many tools to ensure bank CLOs do not pose financial risks. CLO AAA or AA notes, in fact, have never defaulted. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense Main Street jobs bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
some of the testimony that I am hearing from the opposite side of the aisle that I don’t know where to start to try to clear up some of the points that they are attempting to make. 
business about how community banks are going to be hurt. This is simply an attempt to hide behind community banks and scare the Members of this body into believing that if they don’t support this bill, that somehow their community banks are going to suffer. 
CLOs owned by banks are owned by those with more than $50 billion in assets, with the preponderance owned by Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. 
$33.5 billion worth of CLOs; Wells Fargo has $24.1 billion worth of CLOs; and Citi has $4.7 billion worth of CLOs. 
we use this kind of messaging to claim that somehow we are going to hurt these small banks? That is absolutely not true. And I want to tell you, the community banks have not been in the background putting out tremendous sums of money on this lobbying effort. According to The New York Times: 
Frank have been textbook lobbying. In the first three quarters of last year, the securities and investment industry spent nearly $74 million on lobbying on 704 registered lobbyists. 
attempts by any means necessary from the opposite side of the aisle to push controversial legislation into packaged bills, some of those bills having been supported either in committee or on the floor. It is not enough that they lost when they put this on the suspension calendar. They have come back with a rule that does not allow for any debate, and they are determined to win this by majority vote, even in the face of a veto. Who are they trying to protect? 
If it is true that 95 percent of the 
CLOs owned by banks are owned by those with more than $50 billion in assets, and I told you who has a preponderance, then that is who is being protected. It is the biggest banks in America—Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. That is who is being protected. This money I am talking about, $74 million on lobbying 704 lobbyists, these are the big banks spending the money lobbying on this legislation. 
Main Street, about protecting the small businesses, simply attempts to misguide and mislead, knowing that 
most folks really don’t understand the CLO market, that this legislation, along with many other pieces of legislation, are complicated. DoddFrank is an attempt to reform what had gone terribly wrong in this country. We have seen attempt after attempt, probably more than 100 attempts in the Financial Services Committee, to try and undermine DoddFrank, to get rid of DoddFrank, to break it up piece by piece, and again by any means necessary. 
these attempts, why all of this money is being spent, why we’re protecting just these three big banks in America, then you can see that this is not about Main Street, this is not about small businesses. This is now about relationships between too many Members of this House and of this Congress with the biggest banks in America, who are determined to destroy DoddFrank. And they have tried all of these tactics and they have tried somehow to make people believe that we don’t care about this fire sale that we are going to cause the big banks. 
Well, let me just say this. No, I don’t 
worry about causing a fire sale of the big banks. I am not here to protect the big banks. I am truly here to protect Main Street and small business entrepreneurs and business people in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk further about title VIII and how it does not benefit small businesses. CLOs comprised only of actual loans are exempt from the Volcker rule entirely. We are only talking about CLOs that contain other instruments like credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, commercial paperbacked securities, et cetera. 
The Volcker rule will have a minimum impact on the CLO market. Nothing in the rule says that other buyers of CLOs need to stop their purchases. Nonbanks like hedge funds or insurance companies can continue to purchase or trade CLOs. The restriction only affects banks, big banks, which have tremendous access to taxpayer subsidies through the FDIC and the Federal Reserve borrowing window. 
Various Wall Street research analysts have said that the market ‘‘shrugged off’’ the Volcker rule and that the industry can do just fine moving forward. In fact, 2014 saw record issuances for new, Volckercompliant CLOs. 
years worth of extensions, to comply with this provision. The Republicans now want to give them 7 years. Our position is this: enough is enough. Eventually the Volcker rule has to become operational or else DoddFrank becomes meaningless. 
loans. It should buy private equity firms to facilitate corporate buyouts of 
large companies. This is more about facilitating private equity than helping Main Street businesses. 
when a private equity firm pays for a controlling interest in a company by taking out a loan against that company, saddling the company with debt. The aim is to reduce costs, often by firing workers and slashing employee pay and benefits in order to quickly resell the leaner company for a profit. So this isn’t about job creation; this is about job destruction. 
this time, I am very happy to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), who is the 
package of bills that comes to the floor which individually passed the House 422–0, another bill passes by voice vote, another bill passes 414–3, have become so controversial—become so controversial why? Because they are about to become law and they should become law. These are smart, technical reforms to an overly burdensome law, Dodd Frank, that are bipartisan. 
Republican cosponsors, all of them have gained Democrat and Republican support in the committee and on the floor of the House, and these bills should pass. 
I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for his longstanding leadership 
in reining in outofcontrol Washington regulators that are hurting small business and Main Street lenders. 
the private sector to innovate and create jobs while protecting taxpayers and consumers; however, onesizefitsall regulations hurt the economy by treating small and mediumsized companies as if they are large multinational corporations. 
No Main Street small business, manufacturer, farmer, or rancher caused the financial crisis; yet they are subject to thousands of new pages of regulations that were supposedly designed for big Wall Street firms. Mr. Speaker, that is not fair. 
bill. It is a bipartisan package of commonsense jobs bills that provides regulatory relief to help grow the economy from Main Street up, not from Washington down. 
measures that previously passed either the House or the Financial Services Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support during the 113th Congress. It is a recognition of the fact that regulations, no matter how well intentioned, can be made more targeted and can be made more effective. 
More than 400 new regulations imposed on our Nation’s small and mediumsized companies impedes their ability to access the capital needed to 
grow, innovate, and create jobs. These regulations may have been targeting Wall Street, but their burden falls heavily on Main Street. 
These legislative prescriptions represent serious bipartisan commitments to make our regulatory system more responsive to the needs of the workers and the local businesses that we all represent. 
The American people want Republicans and Democrats to work together to strengthen our economy and help the private sector create jobs like only it can. Goodpaying jobs and greater opportunities are the foundations of real economic growth, growth that is strong and growth that is sustainable, growth that lifts people up from poverty. 
Washington, and it won’t happen unless small business owners, entrepreneurs, and workers have the freedom and the opportunity to use their Godgiven talents and creativity to earn their success. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of talk in 
this town about bipartisanship and finding middle ground here in our Nation’s Capitol; yet, at this very moment, groups on both the far left and the far right stand in the way of even incremental progress by pulling Members of both parties to the extremes. 
I know that if things are going to get 
done in this body, it will be from strong bipartisan support from principled, yet pragmatic, lawmakers willing to put politics to the side and work together for the common good. As someone who seeks out that course, I would like to recognize those Members willing to look past the demagoguery and misinformation in order to support this bill. 
can restore the faith of our constituents in the legislative process and the role of Congress in strengthening our Main Street economy, and we can start with this bill. 
voting ‘‘yes’’ on the bill and, in doing so, putting aside bill posturing in favor of bipartisan reforms to get people 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
opposite side of the aisle have said, this package of bills does not simply constitute a technical set of changes to DoddFrank or to our securities laws. In fact, these changes are substantive and the package is widely opposed. 
aisle keep talking about they are protecting Main Street, but let me recite for you what Main Street is saying about this bill. Let me read for you some highlights of the opposition letters we have received in addition to opposition from President Obama, Secretary Lew, and former Federal Reserve Chair Paul Volcker himself. Main Street is represented by, number one, Americans for Financial Reform. Americans for Financial Reform says that H.R. 37 ‘‘includes numerous changes that could have significant negative impacts on regulators’ ability to police the financial markets, so that they function safely and transparently.’’ 
They go on to oppose title VII of this 
bill, citing a Wall Street Journal article outlining how regulators are increasingly warning banks about the looser underwriting standard for leverage loans. 
the AFL–CIO says of H.R. 37, that they oppose the bill because it ‘‘would loosen key DoddFrank protections wisely put in place after the 2008 financial collapse.’’ 
and Human Rights notes about H.R. 37: ‘‘One lesson of the financial crisis is that deregulation in areas that appear technical and arcane can have significant impacts on the financial system and, thus, on the wellbeing of ordinary families, particularly in the communities we represent.’’ 
H.R. 37 that we should not provide more CLO relief because ‘‘the largest banks dominate ownership,’’ as I demonstrated a moment ago, ‘‘of CLOs.’’ 
the warning of Main Street, the warning of these groups who truly represent Main Street. 
am very happy now to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), a member of the committee. 
the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. We are here, once again, debating simple measures aimed at growing the economy and relieving some of the unnecessary burdens imposed by the Dodd Frank legislation. 
Even Tim Geithner, the former Secretary of the Treasury, stated that the Volcker rule and implications of it being regulated were not material in the demise and harm due to major institutions, rather as a result of extended credit. 
is bipartisan, which is why so many of my colleagues already voted in support of it in the 113th Congress and again last week. 
This is a jobs bill. The relief we can 
give to small business today directly impacts their ability to create jobs. For instance, although small companies are at the forefront of technological innovation and job creation, they often face significant obstacles in obtaining capital in the financial markets. 
largest burden that securities regulations, which are typically written for large public companies, place on small companies when they seek to go public. 
encourage innovation, and we need to a develop regulatory environment that acknowledges the differences between small, private, and startup companies and wellestablished public companies. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
There has been a lot of talk about bipartisan support or lack of. There have been a lot of talks about how the Republicans have been able to get Democratic votes and that, somehow, we should be happy, we should be satisfied, and that they really don’t understand why it is that we are opposing not only the bill, but the tactics that have been used in several attempts to pass legislation with controversial bills tucked into the big package. 
amendments that Republicans refuse to consider as we have attempted to work with them. 
bipartisan amendment to strike title VII of the bill, so that all public companies will have to report their financial statements in a computerreadable format. Mr. SHERMAN and Ms. K USTER  
In a similar vein, because Republicans refuse to hold debate on the CLO title, Mr. KILDEE and Mr. C APUANO offered an amendment to require the regulators to first determine that such a delay was, indeed, in the public interest. 
delay from 2019 to a date we previously considered and approved in the House, 2017. This revised date is one that we had thoroughly considered in the House. We never considered in the House an extension for 2 more years to 2019. 
that an affiliate of a financial institution, whose failure could pose a systemic risk to our economy, should be required to clear its derivatives. 
Mr. LYNCH raised a concern that companies, like GE Capital, might be able to take large bets in one part of their company, but receive relief from rules intended to mitigate those risks in another. Mr. LYNCH also offered three 
amendments on title XI, all intended to ensure that employees understand their compensation. 
offered an amendment to title X, requiring companies to disclose political campaign contributions. In the same title, Mr. ELLISON required the SEC to 
finalize its DoddFrank rules related to executive compensation data within 60 days. 
Mr. GRIJALVA proposed an amendment to restore the swaps pushout provision that Republicans eliminated 
by attaching it to the CR/Omnibus last month. Mr. ELLISON and Mr. G RIJALVA  
also proposed a substitute amendment to focus this Congress on something that would help our economy, ending budget sequestration. 
to pay for part of the budget of the cashstrapped SEC by imposing a user fee on investment advisers. This is a commonsense proposal that has been supported by investment advisers, investment advocates, former Republican Chairman Spencer Bachus, SEC Chair White, and the State securities regulators. 
only examine an adviser on average once a decade, our committee didn’t even consider this issue last Congress. 
Members, to show that we have attempted to work with the opposite side of the aisle. We have attempted to offer commonsense amendments that have been absolutely rejected without any consideration being given to them. 
9 this evening, attempting to debate a bill that is going nowhere, that has been issued by the President, a veto message. We are here debating again about whether or not we are putting our taxpayers and Main Street and our small businesses at risk, going back to some of the same tactics, some of the same ways that were used by the banks that brought us to the point of a recession, almost a depression. 
Frank is an attempt for reform. And it is not even a tough reform. As a matter of fact, many of us consider it rather mild. But we have on this side of the aisle been fighting day in and day out in our committee to try and just see the implementation of DoddFrank rather than the destruction of an attempt to reform an industry that caused great harm to this society. 
from Wisconsin (Mr. D UFFY ), the chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. 
to the ranking member talk about this bill tonight and you would think the sky is falling if this CLO portion of our package is passed. The problem with that argument is that 53 of the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee, with Republicans, voted to pass 
this package last year. Only three Democrats dissented—only three. Then it passed this House floor by a voice vote. 
American economy, I would ask my good friend across the aisle: At 9 o’clock on a Tuesday night where Members of Congress have nothing going on, where are the Democrats? Where is the outrage with this package? 
because many Democrats in the last Congress voted for this bill because they agreed with it. It didn’t get anywhere because it fell into HARRY REID’s 
DoddFrank was supposed to stop big banks from using insured customer funds to engage in risky investments. CLOs had a default rate of less than onehalf of 1 percent. These are safe. This wasn’t the cause of the financial crisis. The cause was Fannie and Freddie securitizing loans that had no documentation, no verification of income, and subprime mortgages. In DoddFrank, the root cause of the financial crisis wasn’t addressed because Fannie and Freddie weren’t even brought up. 
ranking member is so concerned about DoddFrank being chipped away, but the CLO issue wasn’t even in Dodd Frank. Section 619 of DoddFrank states: 
to limit or restrict the ability of a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Federal Reserve Board to sell or securitize loans in a manner otherwise permitted by law. 
which the ranking member voted for. But not only that, in the first proposal of the Volcker rule, CLOs weren’t even included. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman an additional 10 seconds. 
It was only in the final rule that we realized that CLOs were so dangerous. 
American people, join common sense, and join some of your fellow Democrats. Let’s support this reform package. 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), chairman of the Monetary 
Speaker, I, too, share my friend from Wisconsin’s frustration at this. This is sort of like saying we are going to have a cookie that is getting baked here on the House floor and our friends across the aisle approve of the eggs, they approve of the butter, they approve of the sugar, and they approve of the chocolate clips, but they don’t want the final 
cannot put all these ingredients together and get this done finally. The American people are begging us to get this work done. That is why I rise today, Mr. Speaker: to support H.R. 37. 
Part of that bill has my bill from the 
last Congress, H.R. 2274. Excessive and unnecessary regulations have been hurting our economy, increasing costs to consumers and investors, reducing wage growth, and restricting access to private sector capital that our Nation’s job creators need in order to grow the economy and create jobs. 
legislation is a compilation of commonsense regulatory relief bills that have been carefully crafted to help grow the economy for Main Street and not from Washington, D.C. My bill actually is part of that. 
been passed by this very body or at the Financial Services Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support. In fact, my bill idea came not from anybody on Wall Street, not from anybody in Washington, D.C., but from a mergers and acquisitions lawyer back in my district in Grand Rapids, Michigan, who said: We’ve been struggling with this problem and we need some help because we cannot get the SEC to move on this. 
Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act, and this has been kindly rolled into this larger package. 
It has been estimated that approximately $10 trillion of privately owned, small familyownedtype businesses will be sold or, worse yet, closed in the coming years as baby boomers retire. I don’t think any of us would think that that is a good thing. Mergers and acquisitions brokers play a critical role in facilitating the transfer of these smaller privately held companies. Who benefits? Small communities and the workers that they employ and that live in those areas. This bipartisan provision would create a simplified system for brokers performing services in connection with the transfer of ownership of these smaller privately held companies. 
environment, however, it is hard because it would be nice to show the American people that we have positive, effective initiatives that should be passed. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from the ‘‘Live Free or Die’’ State of New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ), a member of the committee. 
today in support of, and as a cosponsor of, H.R. 37. 
President Obama signed into law the JOBS Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation which makes it easier for small 
companies, small businesses, to access capital markets by easing the burden of certain securities regulations. 
Frank Act does little to spur the type of capital formation that is essential for any real and lasting economic recovery to take hold in our Nation. Without access to capital, business slows, and without regulatory certainty, capital disappears. 
A small company should not be subject to the same regulatory demands and requirements that a Fortune 500 company is required to meet. That is why H.R. 37 follows on the success of the bipartisan JOBS Act and continues the Financial Services Committee’s extensive examination of finding bipartisan solutions. 
legislation that my friend from California, the ranking member, supported and endorsed and voted for in the past. We need to make it easier for small companies to access public and private markets so that they can grow, hire, and provide greater economic opportunities for our citizens. 
this evening, H.R. 37 is not a massive repeal of DoddFrank. It is a bill that recognizes DoddFrank is not perfect. It is a bill that recognizes market disruptions are not a smart result. 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), a member of the committee. 
will try to speak fast. I have missed all of you in my couple years’ absence. 
you are heading towards the microphone and you are starting to wonder if some of the debate you have been just listening to is a little bit tonguein cheek? 
CLOs, these collateralized loans? It is commercial paper. That is what the vast majority of it is. It has been around for a very long time. 
coming in. If I have commercial paper that is made up of marginal loans, 2 years from now the bank continues to get to own that. But if that paper, that collateralized managed debt actually has a covenant in it that, if something goes wrong, I get to reach in and grab some of the equity of the company, all of a sudden they can’t hold that. So the more secure CLOs you don’t get to own in 2 years; the more marginal you do get to keep on the banks’ books. 
This is, first, absurd. But it is perfectly rational to say: Look, why don’t we take this part that expires in 2 years and push it out 2 more years so there can be an orderly unwinding of a fairly absurd rule? But the rule is the rule. 
CLOs, I am sorry, it is great hyperbole, but it has almost nothing to do with what the actual product does. And understand, over the last 20 years, CLOs 
that were AA or higher, not a single instrument went bad. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has threequarters of a minute remaining. 
witnessed here is a debate between the left and the far left, and the far left doesn’t want the left to work on a bipartisan basis. That is sad. I think that is what the American people want us to do. The American people, by and large, don’t want to occupy Wall Street. They just want to quit bailing it out, and bailing it out is exactly what the Dodd Frank Act does. It is time to grow this economy from Main Street up, not Washington down, and that is what the big debate is. 
is a modest bill to help small businesses, to help capital formation to put America back to work. They passed on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. 
we can do it. Don’t let the far left torpedo America’s hopes and dreams. I encourage all the House Members to support this legislation. 
today in support of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. I am especially proud of, and would like to highlight, the work of the Agriculture Committee on the titles of this bill under its jurisdiction—the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act, a provision on the Treatment of Affiliate Transactions, and a provision regarding Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Corrections. 
I am pleased that the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act was included as Title I of this bill, and even more so, that this provision was already approved by both chambers as a part of TRIA reauthorization. This Title puts in statute important protections for American businesses. To grow our economy, businesses should use their scarce capital to buy new equipment, hire more workers, build new facilities, and invest in the future. They cannot do that if they are required to hold money in margin accounts to fulfill a misguided regulation. 
of InterAffiliate Transactions, was passed by the House multiple times in the 113th Congress and will also provide additional certainty to American business. It will do so by preventing the redundant regulation of harmless interaffiliate transactions that would unnecessarily tie up the working capital of companies with no added protections for the market, or benefits to consumers. 
the ability to centralize their hedging activities. This consolidation of a hedging portfolio across a corporate group allows businesses to reduce costs, simplify their financial dealings, and to reduce their counterparty credit risk. 
Title II of H.R. 37 will allow American businesses to continue utilizing this efficient, time tested business model. 
needed corrections to the swap data repository and clearinghouse indemnification requirements in DoddFrank. 
regulator requesting information from a U.S. swap data repository or derivatives clearing organization to provide a written agreement stating that it will abide by certain confidentiality requirements, and will indemnify the U.S. Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the request for information. 
However, while the concept of indemnification is wellestablished within U.S. tort law, it does not exist in many foreign jurisdictions, making it impossible for some foreign regulators to agree to these indemnification requirements. This threatens to make data sharing arrangements with foreign regulators unworkable. 
H.R. 37 mitigates the problem by simply removing the indemnification provisions in Dodd Frank. However, the required written agreement mandating certain confidentiality obligations is left in place. So rather than stripping down DoddFrank, as we are so often accused, this change will actually serve to enhance market transparency and risk mitigation, by ensuring that that regulators and market participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
Agriculture, and as a cosponsor of each of these bills in the 113th Congress, I appreciate Mr. FITZPATRICK ’s work to bring these provisions together in a package that reduces regulatory burdens and promotes economic growth. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
MR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to see three 
bills that the House Committee on Agriculture passed in the 113th Congress included as Titles I, II, and V of H.R. 37, ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act.’’ 
were also included as Subtitles A, B, and C of Title III of H.R. 4413, ‘‘Customer Protection and EndUser Relief Act,’’ from the 113th Congress provide an important protections to endusers from costly margining requirements and needless regulatory burdens; as well as correct an unworkable provision in DoddFrank which required foreign regulators to break their local laws in order to access the market data they needed to enforce their laws. 
In support of these titles, I would like to 
request that the pertinent portions of the Committee on Agriculture report to accompany H.R. 4413 in the 113th Congress be included in the appropriate place in the Congressional Record. 
Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) as added by Section 731 of the DoddFrank Act to provide 
across the United States who utilize derivatives to hedge risks associated with their daytoday operations, such as fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. Because these businesses do not pose systemic risk, Congress intended that the DoddFrank Act provide certain exemptions for endusers to ensure they were not unduly burdened by new 
margin and capital requirements associated with their derivatives trades that would hamper their ability to expand and create jobs. 
Indeed, Title VII of the DoddFrank Act includes an exemption for nonfinancial end users from centrally clearing their derivatives trades. This exemption permits end users to continue trading directly with a counterparty, (also known as trading ‘‘bilaterally,’’ or overthecounter (OTC)) which means their swaps are negotiated privately between two parties and they are not executed and cleared using an exchange or clearinghouse. Generally, it is common for nonfinancial endusers, such as manufacturers, to avoid posting cash margin for their OTC derivative trades. Endusers generally will not post margin because they are able to negotiate such terms with their counterparties due to the strength of their own balance sheet or by posting noncash collateral, such as physical property. Endusers typically seek to preserve their cash and liquid assets for reinvestment in their businesses. In recognition of this common practice, the Dodd Frank Act included an exemption from margin requirements for endusers for OTC trades. 
Section 764 with respect to securitybased swaps) requires margin requirements be applied to swap dealers and major swap participants for swaps that are not centrally cleared. For swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks, the prudential banking regulators (such as the Federal Reserve or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) are required to set the margin requirements. For swap dealers and major swap participants that are not banks, the CFTC is required to set the margin requirements. Both the CFTC and the banking regulators have issued their own rule proposals establishing margin requirements pursuant to Section 731. 
Frank Act in July of 2010, uncertainty arose regarding whether this provision permitted the regulators to impose margin requirements on swap dealers when they trade with endusers, which could then result in either a direct or indirect margin requirement on endusers. Subsequently, Senators Blanche Lincoln and Chris Dodd sent a letter to then Chairmen Barney Frank and Collin Peterson on June 30, 2010, to set forth and clarify congressional intent, stating: 
The legislation does not authorize the regulators to impose margin on endusers, those exempt entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. If regulators raise the costs of enduser transactions, they may create more risk. It is imperative that the regulators do not unnecessarily divert working capital from our economy into margin accounts, in a way that would discourage hedging by endusers or impair economic growth. 
history of section 731 (and Section 764) suggests that Congress did not intend, in enacting this section, to impose margin requirements on nonfinancial endusers engaged in hedging activities, even in cases where they 
does not require margin for uncleared swaps when nonbank swap dealers transact with nonfinancial endusers. However, the prudential banking regulators proposed rules would require margin be posted by nonfinancial endusers above certain established thresholds when they trade with swap dealers that are banks. Many of endusers’ transactions occur with swap dealers that are banks, so the banking regulators’ proposed rule is most relevant, and therefore of most 
terms, their proposal to require margin stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. The plain language of section 731 provides that the Agencies adopt rules for covered swap entities imposing margin requirements on all noncleared swaps. Despite clear congressional intent, those sections do not, by their terms, exclude a swap with a counterparty that is a commercial enduser. By providing an explicit exemption under Title VII through enactment of this provision, the prudential regulators will no longer have a perceived legal obligation, and the congressional intent they acknowledge in their proposed rule will be implemented. 
2013, the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) and the Bank of International Settlements published their final recommendations for margin requirements for uncleared derivatives. Representatives from a number of U.S. regulators, including the CFTC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve participated in the development of those margin requirements, which are intended to set baseline international standards for margin requirements. It is the intent of the Committee that any margin requirements promulgated under the authority provided in Section 4s of the Commodity Exchange Act should be generally consistent with the international margin standards established by IOSCO. 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the DoddFrank Act,’’ the following testimony was provided to the Committee with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
In approving the DoddFrank Act, Congress made clear that endusers were not to be subject to margin requirements. Nonetheless, regulations proposed by the Prudential Banking Regulators could require endusers to post margin. This stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. While the regulations proposed by the CFTC are preferable, they do not provide endusers with the certainty that legislation offers. According to a Coalition for Derivatives EndUsers survey, a 3% initial margin requirement could reduce capital spending by as much as $5.1 to $6.7 billion among S&P 500 companies alone and cost 100,000 to 130,000 jobs. To shed some light on Honeywell’s potential exposure to margin requirements, we had approximately $2 billion of hedging contracts outstanding at yearend that would be defined as a swap under Dodd Frank. Applying 3% initial margin and 10% variation margin implies a potential margin requirement of $260 million. Cash deposited in a margin account cannot be productively deployed in our businesses and therefore detracts from Honeywell’s financial performance and ability to promote economic growth and protect American jobs.—Mr. James E. Colby, Assistant Treasurer, Honeywell International Inc. 
On May 21, 2013, at a hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Mr. Stephen O’Connor, Chairman, ISDA, provided the following testimony with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
Perhaps most importantly, we do not believe that initial margin will contribute to the shared goal of reducing systemic risk and increasing systemic resilience. When robust variation margin practices are employed, the additional step of imposing initial margin imposes an extremely high cost on both market participants and on systemic resilience with very little countervailing benefit. The Lehman and AIG situations highlight the importance of variation margin. AIG did not follow sound variation margin practices, which resulted in dangerous levels of credit risk building up, ultimately leading to its bailout. Lehman, on the other hand, posted daily variation margin, and while its failure caused shocks in many markets, the variation margin prevented outsized losses in the OTC derivatives markets. While industry and regulators agree on a robust variation margin regime including all appropriate products and counterparties, the further step of moving to mandatory IM [initial margin] does not stand up to any rigorous costbenefit analysis. 
accompanies the statutory change provided explicitly in Section 311, the Committee intends that initial and variation margin requirements cannot be imposed on uncleared swaps entered into by cooperative entities if they similarly qualify for the CFTC’s cooperative exemption with respect to cleared swaps. Cooperative entities did not cause the financial crisis and should not be required to incur substantial new costs associated with posting initial and variation margin to counterparties. In the end, these costs will be borne by their members in the form of higher prices and more limited access to credit, especially in underserved markets, such as in rural America, Therefore, the Committee’s clear intent when drafting Section 311 was to prohibit the CFTC and prudential regulators, including the Farm Credit Administration, from imposing margin requirements on cooperative entities. 
‘‘Interaffiliate’’ swaps are contracts executed between entities under common corporate ownership. Section 321 would amend the Commodity Exchange Act to provide an exemption for interaffiliate swaps from the clearing and execution requirements of the DoddFrank Act so long as the swap transaction hedges or mitigates the commercial risk of an entity that is not a financial entity. The section also requires that an ‘‘appropriate credit support measure or other mechanism’’ be utilized between the entity seeking to hedge against commercial risk if it transacts with a swap dealer or major swap participant, but this credit support measure requirement is effective prospectively from the date H.R. 4413 is enacted into law. 
use of the phrase ‘‘credit support measure or other mechanism,’’ the Committee unequivocally does not intend for the CFTC to interpret this statutory language as a mandate to require initial or variation margin for swap transactions. The Committee intends for the CFTC to recognize that credit support measures and other mechanisms have been in use between counterparties and affiliates engaged in swap transactions for many years in different formats, and therefore, there is no need to engage in a rulemaking to define such broad terminology. 
provide relief for a parent company that has multiple affiliates within a single corporate group. Individually, these affiliates may seek to offset their business risks through 
swaps. However, rather than having each affiliate separately go to the market to engage in a swap with a dealer counterparty, many companies will employ a business model in which only a single or limited number of entities, such as a treasury hedging center, face swap dealers. These designated external facing entities will then allocate the transaction and its risk mitigating benefits to the 
argue that it reduces the overall credit risk a corporate group poses to the market be cause they can net their positions across affiliates, reducing the number of external facing transactions overall. In addition, it permits a company to enhance its efficiency by centralizing its risk management expertise in a single or limited number of affiliates. 
treated as all other swaps, they could be subject to clearing, execution and margin requirements. Companies that use interaffiliate swaps are concerned that this could substantially increase their costs, without any real reduction in risk in light of the fact that these swaps are purely for internal use. For example, these swaps could be ‘‘double margined’’—when the centralized entity faces an external swap dealer, and then again when the same transaction is allocated internally to the affiliate that sought to hedge the risk. 
treatment of interaffiliate swaps spans multiple rulemakings that have been proposed or that will be proposed pursuant to the Dodd Frank Act. Section 321 provides certainty and clarity as to what interaffiliate transactions are and how they are not to be regulated as swaps when the parties to the transaction are under common control. 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the DoddFrank Act,’’ the following testimony was provided with respect to efforts to address the problem with inter affiliate swaps: 
benefits to corporate groups by enabling centralized management of market, liquidity, capital and other risks inherent in their businesses and allowing these groups to realize hedging efficiencies. Since the swaps are between affiliates, rather than with external counterparties, they pose no systemic risk and therefore there are no significant gains to be achieved by requiring them to be cleared or subjecting them to margin posting requirements. In addition, these swaps are not market transactions and, as a result, requiring market participants to report them or trade them on an exchange or swap execution facility provides no transparency benefits to the market—if anything, it would introduce useless noise that would make Dodd Frank’s transparency rules less helpful.— Hon. Kenneth E. Bentsen, Acting President and CEO, SIFMA 
This legislation would ensure that interaffiliate derivatives trades, which take place between affiliated entities within a corporate group, do not face the same demanding regulatory requirements as marketfacing swaps. The legislation would also ensure that endusers are not penalized for using central hedging centers to manage their commercial risk. There are two serious problems facing endusers that need addressing. First, under the CFTC’s proposed interaffiliate swap rule, financial endusers would have to clear purely internal trades between affiliates unless they posted variation margin between the affiliates or met specific requirements for an exception [i]f these end users have to post variation margin, there is little point to exempting interaffiliate 
trades from clearing requirements, as the costs could be similar. And let’s not forget the larger point—internal enduser trades do not create systemic risk and, hence, should not be regulated the same as those trades that do. Second, many endusers—approximately onequarter of those we surveyed— execute swaps through an affiliate. This of course makes sense, as many companies find it more efficient to manage their risk centrally, to have one affiliate trading in the open market, instead of dozens or hundreds of affiliates making trades in an uncoordinated fashion. Using this type of hedging unit centralizes expertise, allows companies to reduce the number of trades with the street and improves pricing. These advantages led me to centralize the treasury function at Westinghouse while I was there. However, the regulators’ interpretation of the DoddFrank Act confronts nonfinancial end users with a choice: either dismantle their central hedging centers and find a new way to manage risk, or clear all of their trades. Stated another way, this problem threatens to deny the enduser clearing exception to those endusers who have chosen to hedge their risk in an efficient, highlyeffective and riskreducing way. It is difficult to believe that this is the result Congress hoped to achieve.—Ms. Marie N. Hollein, C.T.P., President and CEO, Financial Executives International, on behalf of the Coalition for Derivatives EndUsers. 
Section 331 strikes the indemnification requirements found in Sections 725 and 728 of the DoddFrank Act related to swap data gathered by swap data repositories (SDRs) and derivatives clearing organizations (DCOs). The section does maintain, however, that before an SDR, DCO, or the CFTC shares information with domestic or international regulators, they have to receive a written agreement stating that the regulator will abide by certain confidentiality agreements. 
warehouses for data and information regarding swap transactions. Historically, SDRs have regularly shared information with foreign regulators as a means to cooperate, exchange views and share information related to OTC derivatives CCPs and trade repositories. Prior to DoddFrank, international guidelines required regulators to maintain the confidentiality of information obtained from SDRs, which facilitated global information sharing that is critical to international regulators’ ability to monitor for systemic risk. 
Frank Act, when a foreign regulator requests information from a U.S. registered SDR or DCO, the SDR or DCO is required to receive a written agreement from the foreign regulator stating that it will abide by certain confidentiality requirements and will ‘‘indemnify’’ the Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the request for information. In short, the concept of ‘‘indemnification’’—requiring a party to contractually agree to pay for another party’s possible litigation expenses—is only well established in U.S. tort law, and does not exist in practice or in legal concept in foreign jurisdictions. 
were not included in the financial reform bill passed by the House of Representatives in December 2009—threaten to make data sharing arrangements with foreign regulators unworkable. Foreign regulators will most likely refuse to indemnify U.S. regulators for 
data. As a result, foreign regulators may establish their own data repositories and clearing organizations to ensure they have access to data they need to perform their supervisory duties. This would lead to the creation of multiple databases, needlessly duplicative data collection efforts, and the possibility of inconsistent or incomplete data being collected and maintained across multiple jurisdictions. 
on Financial Services in March of 2012, the thenDirector of International Affairs for the SEC, Mr. Ethiopis Tafara endorsed a legislative solution to the problem, stating that: 
The SEC recommends that Congress consider removing the indemnification requirement added by the DoddFrank Act . . . the indemnification requirement interferes with access to essential information, including information about the crossborder OTC derivatives markets. In removing the indemnification requirement, Congress would assist the SEC, as well as other U.S. regulators, in securing the access it needs to data held in global trade repositories. Removing the indemnification requirement would address a significant issue of contention with our foreign counterparts . . . 
Counsel for the CFTC, Mr. Dan Berkovitz, acknowledged that they too have received growing concerns from foreign regulators, but that they intend to issue interpretive guidance, stating that ‘‘access to swap data reported to a trade repository that is registered with the CFTC will not be subject to the indemnification provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act if such trade repository is regulated pursuant to foreign law and the applicable requested data is reported to the trade repository pursuant to foreign law.’’ 
remove any legal barriers to swap data being easily shared with various domestic and foreign regulatory agencies, this section would remove the indemnification requirements found in Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd Frank Act related to swap data gathered by SDRs and DCOs. 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the DoddFrank Act,’’ Mr. Larry 
Thompson, Managing Director and General Counsel, the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation, provided the following testimony with respect to provisions of H.R. 742, which were included in Section 331: 
The Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2013 would make U.S. law consistent with existing international standards by removing the indemnification provisions from sections 728 and 763 of DoddFrank. DTCC strongly supports this legislation, which we believe represents the only viable solution to the unintended consequences of indemnification. H.R. 742 is necessary because the statutory language in DoddFrank leaves little room for regulators to act without U.S. Congressional intervention. This point was reinforced in the CFTC/SEC January 2012 Joint Report on International Swap Regulation, which noted that the Commissions ‘‘are working to develop solutions that provide access to foreign regulators in a manner consistent with the DFA and to ensure access to foreignbased information.’’ It indicates legislation is needed, saying that ‘‘Congress may determine that a legislative amendment to the indemnification provision is appropriate.’’ H.R. 742 would send a clear message to the international community that the United States is strongly committed to global data sharing and determined to avoid fragmenting the current global data set for over thecounter (OTC) derivatives. By amending and passing this legislation to ensure that technical corrections to indemnification are addressed, Congress will help create the proper environment for the development of a global trade repository system to support systemic risk management and oversight. 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BENGHAZI 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 14, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and 
fourth quarters of 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JAMES BRANDELL, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 5 AND OCT. 8, 2014 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE NETHERLANDS, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 21 AND NOV. 25, 2014 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE NETHERLANDS, EXPENDED BETWEEN NOV. 21 AND NOV. 25, 2014—C ontinued 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Counsel for Law and Policy, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Test Procedures for Direct Heating Equipment and Pool Heaters [Docket No.: EERE2013BTTP0004] (RIN: 1904AC94) received January 6, 2015, pursuant 
44. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revisions to Auxiliary Installations, Replacement Facilities, and Siting and Maintenance Regulations [Docket No.: RM1211002; Order 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20565, ‘‘Legalization of Possession of Minimal Amounts of Marijuana for Personal Use Initiative of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20425, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Development and Assistance Waiver Certification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20437, ‘‘Voter Registration Access and Modernization Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20443, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Expansion Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20420, ‘‘PostArrest Process Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20451, ‘‘Rent Control Hardship Petition Limitation Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20442, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Strand Theater Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20452, ‘‘Georgia Avenue Great Streets Neighborhood Retail Priority Area Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20441, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20439, ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Freedom of Information Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20453, ‘‘Tenant Opportunity to Purchase Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20438, ‘‘Workers’ 
Compensation Statute of Limitations Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20416, ‘‘Prohibition of the Harm of Police Animals Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20423, ‘‘Sustainable Solid Waste Management Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20426, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20424, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of Ohio, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. K ELLY  
PEARCE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
H.R. 287. A bill to enhance the energy security of United States allies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 288. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for coverage under the beneficiary travel program of the Department of Veterans Affairs of certain disabled veterans for travel for certain special disabilities rehabilitation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 289. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide the option to receive Medicare Summary Notices electronically, to increase the flexibility and transparency of contracts with medicare administrative contractors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
JOYCE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T URNER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. W EBSTER  
H.R. 290. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to eliminate the 3day prior hospitalization requirement for Medicare coverage of skilled nursing facility services in qualified skilled nursing facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mrs. CAPPS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HOLLEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 292. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological diseases; to the Committee on Energy and 
H.R. 293. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to exempt from manufacturer transparency reporting certain transfers used for educational purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 294. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. 
ELLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
of Alabama, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 295. A bill to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 296. A bill to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. 
H.R. 297. A bill to end offshore tax abuses, 
to preserve our national defense and protect American families and businesses from devastating cuts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 298. A bill to amend chapter V of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to permit the sale of, and access to, ‘‘research use only‘‘ products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
BEATTY , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. C ARSON  
H.R. 299. A bill to amend the Federal Home 
Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
control of the international border of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Rules, Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to the identification of high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Congress from receiving any automatic pay adjustments through the end of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
H.R. 303. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to permit additional retired members of the Armed Forces who have a serviceconnected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or combatrelated special compensation; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HOYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
New Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G RAYSON, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E DDIE 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M CGOVERN, and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 304. A bill to increase the rates of pay 
under the statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3.8 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , 
H.R. 305. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation of income of controlled foreign corporations attributable to imported property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
General to issue rules pertaining to the collection and compilation of data on the use of deadly force by law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 307. A bill to establish a gun buyback 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 308. A bill to prohibit gaming activities on certain Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 309. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for repealing the gas tax and establishing a carbon tax on highway fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 310. A bill to require a Federal agency 
to include language in certain educational and advertising materials indicating that such materials are produced and disseminated at taxpayer expense; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 311. A bill to amend title X of the 
Public Health Service Act with respect to adoption and other pregnancy options counseling; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 312. A bill to amend the Defense Base 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1651 et seq.) to require death benefits to be paid to a deceased employee’s designated beneficiary or next of kin in the case of death resulting from a warrisk hazard or act of terrorism occurring on or after September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 313. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
H.R. 314. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to allow workers who attain age 65 after 1981 and before 1992 to choose either lump sum payments over four years totaling $5,000 or an improved benefit computation formula under a new 10year rule governing the transition to the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 315. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to establish a process to determine whether individuals claiming certain service in the Philippines during World War II are eligible for certain benefits despite not being on the Missouri List, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. E LLISON , and 
H.R. 316. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
H.R. 317. A bill to provide for the admission of the State of New Columbia into the Union; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 318. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to extend the postemployment restrictions on lobbying by Members of Congress and officers and employees of the legislative branch; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 319. A bill to provide that a former 
Member of Congress or former Congressional employee who receives compensation as a lobbyist shall not be eligible for retirement benefits or certain other Federal benefits; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 320. A bill to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 321. A bill to allow for a contract for 
operation of Melville Hall at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, after receipt of a gift from the United States Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc., for renovation of such hall and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
HARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
H.R. 322. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
HARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri): H.R. 323. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
HARTZLER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S MITH of 
LONG, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. G RAVES  
H.R. 324. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 325. A bill to amend the Pribilof Islands Transition Act to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide notice of certification that no further corrective action is required at sites and operable units covered by the Pribilof Islands Environmental Restoration agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 326. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to allow the importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 327. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to allow importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada before the date the polar bear was determined to be a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 328. A bill to empower federally recognized Indian tribes to accept restricted fee tribal lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 329. A bill to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 330. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to provide for congressional approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 331. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce from authorizing commercial finfish aquaculture operations in the Exclusive Economic Zone except in accordance with a law authorizing such action; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 332. A bill to amend the National Marine Sanctuaries Act to prescribe an additional requirement for the designation of marine sanctuaries off the coast of Alaska; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 333. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to permit retired members of the Armed Forces who have a serviceconnected disability rated less than 50 percent to receive concurrent payment of both retired pay and veterans’ disability compensation, to extend eligibility for concurrent receipt to chapter 61 disability retirees with less than 20 years of service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Management to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is provided to the claimant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Elephant Conservation Act, the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994, the Asian 
Elephant Conservation Act of 1997, the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000, and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
maritime liens on fishing permits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 338. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage charitable contributions of real property for conservation purposes by Native Corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 339. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to establish and implement a competitive oil and gas leasing program that will result in an environmentally sound program for the exploration, development, and production of the oil and gas resources of the Coastal Plain of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
called Medicare that is operated by the federal government. This bill would improve the efficiency and fairness of that program, especially access to care, while affecting interstate commerce, which Congress has the power to regulate under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
H.R. 293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
H.R. 294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States.’’ By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 6 of Article I of the Constitution of 
H.R. 303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 and 3 of Article I, Section 8 of the 
H.R. 307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 311. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 313. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 314. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section 8, Clause 7 of the U.S. 
H.R. 317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 1 of section 3 of article IV of the 
H.R. 318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Seetion 5, Clause 2 Article I, Section 6, Clause 1 
H.R. 320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
H.R. 323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
H.R. 324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
H.R. 325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12: To raise and 
support Armies; Article I, Section 8, Clause 14: To make 
Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 336. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 337. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, and Article 1, 
H.R. 338. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
H.R. 339. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
HURT of Virginia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
H.R. 27: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. 
H.R. 29: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 36: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. L ONG, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. H ILL, and 
H.R. 123: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 125: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 131: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
H.R. 132: Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R ICEof South 
H.R. 140: Mr. O LSON , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
H.R. 143: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. 
H.R. 154: Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 160: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 174: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. F LEMING , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. E MMER , and 
H.R. 183: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 184: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 191: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. P ERRY and 
H.R. 204: Mr. O LSON and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 242: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. 
H.R. 284: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
H.R. 285: Ms. K USTER and Mr. R OYCE . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S159 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 2015 No. 6 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
sovereign and in good and in bad times our eyes turn to You. Fulfill Your purposes for our Nation and world by using our Senators as instruments of Your providence. 
You are the potter and we are the clay. Mold and make us as You desire, working for our good in all things for we are called according to Your purposes. Inspire our lawmakers to seek first Your guidance so that everything in time will fall into proper place. As they seek greater intimacy with You, empower them to relate honestly with themselves and one another. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 