many of you, as a kid, I learned about Robin Hood. You know the story: he stole from the rich and gave to the poor. 
about something a little less storybook. In this case, my friends on the 
other side of the aisle are supporting a bill that robs from poor schools and gives to rich schools. 
that we are debating today takes money from schools with the greatest need and redistributes it to less needy schools in more affluent communities, hurting students and teachers in its wake. That is hardly the definition of success the bill claims to make. 
The Student Success Act would reauthorize education funds first signed into law in 1965 by President Lyndon Johnson, who said that ‘‘full educational opportunity should be our first national goal.’’ But the Student Success Act completely misses the mark of what LBJ was trying to accomplish. 
equal access to education was the key to success, and that the vital education funding that the Elementary and Secondary Education Act provided would help millions of ‘‘children with poor families overcome the greatest barrier to progress: poverty.’’ 
essential funding for school districts that serve lowincome students as well as aid to State education agencies to help them improve the quality of elementary and secondary education around the country. But the robust progress that our schools made in the first 40 years after the passage of the ESEA has slowed over the last decade. 
Behind, we have seen both sides acknowledge the problems that have resulted and commit to fixing them. But rather than fixing those problems and redoubling our commitment to equal access to education, the Student Success Act actually creates more problems, moving even further away from what we know is best for students, is best for teachers, and is best for our country. 
In its current form, H.R. 5 undermines the progress our Nation has made in providing a high quality education for all Americans, regardless of their ZIP Code. If we allow H.R. 5 to become law, school districts in Illinois and across the country will see their funding cut exponentially. Nationally, this will cut education funding by over half a billion dollars in 2016 alone. 
percent of students are below the poverty level, will lose over $64 million in title I funding. That is a 23 percent cut in Federal education dollars at a time 
eliminates qualification requirements for paraprofessionals, teachers’ aides, and support staff, who provide vital assistance to classrooms across the country. It eliminates requirements to ensure quality professional development for teachers. 
away from public schools and directs it to private companies. It allows students with disabilities to be taught 
bill fails to ensure that students succeed in the classroom or after graduation by gutting accountability standards. These are standards that help ensure that students graduate from high school, which we know is so intimately linked to economic success. 
teachers and students with the resources they so desperately need to succeed. 
It is time to go back to the drawing 
board. It is time to actually focus on providing students, schools, and teachers the ability to be more successful with an ESEA that puts the focus where it belongs, on investing in education. 
original purpose of fighting poverty and ensuring equity, one that holds States and districts accountable for providing equitable resources, one that includes a system of supportive interventions for struggling schools and students, one that deals with the fact that twothirds of the achievement gap is due to poverty—and does something about it—such as funding community schools, one that provides our teachers with the resources and support they need to help our young people succeed. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) for 5 minutes. 
today, I rise to honor the memory of Helen Kilroy of Galveston County. Helen Kilroy was a woman of service who always put community and others first. 
In March of 1989, her son, Mark Kilroy—her and Jim’s son—disappeared during a spring break in Mexico. Unfortunately, the Kilroy’s ultimately learned that their beloved son was murdered by a cult practicing human sacrifice. 
or daughter, can be debilitating; instead, Helen and Jim Kilroy decided to channel their grief into action. The memory of their son was honored through their support of causes to help those in need. 
Kilroy Foundation to support the Safe Communities Coalition. The coalition works to promote drugfree communities, violence prevention, and anger management. It also provides counseling for atrisk children. 
stop at the creation of the Mark Kilroy Foundation. Helen was a foster parent to seven children and a district leader for the Bay Area Council Cub Scouts 
from 1976–1983. She was a Meals on Wheels volunteer. She was a Santa Fe Parks and Recreation Board member, a dedicated church Eucharistic minister, as well as a volunteer EMT and a paramedic for Santa Fe, Texas, EMS. 
lost her battle with ALSLou Gehrig’s disease. She died after fighting that long battle. She is survived by her husband, Jim Kilroy; her son, Keith; her daughterinlaw; two grandchildren; three sisters; two brothersinlaw; numerous cousins; nieces; and nephews. 
Mark Kilroy Foundation and by her many service roles are a living legacy to her selfless nature. Helen’s impact on our community was unparalleled. It takes a strong person to take a family tragedy and turn it into a lasting influence on our community. Helen’s servant heart truly changed and even saved lives. 
Helen, you are missed. Jim, your beloved life is a legacy to 
Helen, may you rest in peace. Jim and family, you all are in our 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, we are only days away from a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. 
the House and Senate, they pledged to avoid more government shutdowns. Instead, we have, sadly, learned that Speaker BOEHNER and Leader M ITCH 
weeks—without talking, and their failure to govern us has us, once again, on the brink of a shutdown. 
to hear some of my Republican colleagues say that a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security would not be a serious issue and try to minimize its impact on people, minimize its impact on workers, and even try to minimize its impact on America. 
border State, where we have many men and women who proudly serve our country as employees of the Border Patrol, the TSA, and other agencies, getting furloughed or working without a paycheck is a serious issue. 
path, paychecks will stop, but rent and mortgages and utility bills for these workers will not. 
have failed to govern, moving only from one crisis to the next. Sadly, the failure to fund DHS is the latest manufactured crisis that will have a real impact on working families in New Mexico and across America while needlessly putting our national security at 
It is time for congressional Republicans to stop putting their political security ahead of national security and pass a clean bill. It is time for House Republicans to stop catering to the extreme antiimmigration wing of their party that is willing to sacrifice our Nation’s security in order to attack DREAMers who are going to college and serving our great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, the eyes of the American people are watching this Republicanled Congress, and so far, all they have seen is gridlock and dysfunction. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States Senate is moving forward to fund the Department of Homeland Security. House Democrats are ready to support a clean bill. The only ones standing in the way of preventing a Department of Homeland Security shutdown are House Republicans. For our country’s sake, let us hope that changes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the House is in session solely for the purpose of conducting morninghour debate. Therefore, that unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) for 5 minutes. 
during our recess, I had the opportunity to attend Oakland Heights Baptist Church in beautiful Cartersville, Georgia, as they celebrated a very special occasion. 
While Oakland Heights is a prominent church in our community, it would not be considered a large church in most metropolitan areas. The congregation consists of mostly average, hardworking Americans who love God and their families and are eager to help a neighbor in times of need. 
been a beacon of hope to those seeking truth and a haven to those seeking help. As a body of Christian believers, Oakland Heights also believes that it has a responsibility to not only serve our community, but to be an example. 
congregation of Oakland Heights determined their responsibilities to God and the community included being good stewards; although they were burdened with over $1 million of debt, they had a vision of being debt free. 
their debt within 3 years without affecting their core ministries to the 
wasn’t easy. It took sacrifice; but, with determination, they stuck to their plan, lived within their means, and—in less than 3 years—made the final payment on their bank note. 
During the time they were eliminating the debt, the church gave over a half a million dollars to local ministries, charities, and world missions. In less than 36 months, this relatively small congregation took on a mountain: a mountain of debt. At the end of last week’s service, after hearing a sermon about moving mountains, the congregation celebrated as they burned their bank note. 
McKaig and the congregation of Oakland Heights Baptist Church for achieving this significant goal and for being an example of fiscal responsibility. 
Mr. Speaker, if a church with a modest congregation in an average community can pay off an overwhelming debt, I believe the most powerful and influential Nation on the Earth should be able to pay off its overwhelming debt; but, just as with this church, it starts with a vision, followed by a plan and a determination to achieve the goal. 
of a debtfree America. With a goal, a sound fiscal plan that includes living within our means while providing the constitutional services of our government, we can achieve a debtfree Nation. 
We owe it to our children to 1 day, 1 
day soon, write the final check to our creditors and burn America’s bank note to the world. 
2013, I participated in my first ‘‘Monte’s March’’ to raise money for the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts. Along with my friend local radio host Monte Bel Monte and several others, we walked 26 miles in 1 day, from Northampton to Greenfield, Massachusetts. 
Amherst Survival Center where lowincome people can go to receive food, clothing, medical advice, and a number of other services to help them through hard times. 
stack of paper plates. On the plates, people who used the Amherst Survival Center had written how hunger had impacted their lives. 
message, last Thursday, I launched #fillupyourplate on my Web site at mcgovern.house.gov. It is a place where people can tell me what SNAP, or food stamps, means to them or how hunger has impacted their lives. Responses are posted on my Web site to create a wall of virtual paper plates. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House 
Agriculture Committee, which I am proud to serve on, held the first hearing in its toptobottom review of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. 
antihunger program that provides critical food assistance to more than 46 million Americans. Last year, 16 million children—or 1 in 5 American children—relied on SNAP. Unfortunately, every indication is that Republicans will try to cut this critical safety net program yet again. 
oversight of Federal programs, but we shouldn’t single SNAP out for aggressive or unnecessary scrutiny. It already has one of the lowest error rates among all Federal programs, and CBO projections show that SNAP caseloads and spending are expected to fall as our economy continues to improve. 
#fillupyourplate campaign was to make sure that the voices of those who use SNAP, who are struggling to make ends meet, are heard in the discussions here in Washington. All too often, the real stories of those who are struggling get drowned out by false rhetoric and partisan talking points. 
more than 100 virtual paper plates. I want to read just a few of the messages. 
means that many junior ranking members’ families will not go hungry while their military spouses are away defending this Nation.’’ 
of two. I currently work at Dunkin’ Donuts. If my SNAP benefits got cut, I would not be able to pay my rent because I would be spending all of my paychecks on food for my children. I lived in a homeless shelter for a year before coming to my apartment in October of 2014. 
be back in a shelter. I do not plan on being on SNAP benefits forever. I would like to finish my degree and get a job that will support my household without any assistance, but for now, I need help.’’ 
won’t go to bed hungry and can function better in school because they have food in their bellies. It also lets me buy more healthy and fresh foods I wouldn’t have access to if I had to pay out of pocket. I am grateful for this program. There is no joy in watching children struggle over something so easily prevented.’’ 
means I don’t have to choose between paying the lights or making sure I feed my son breakfast in the morning. Having my SNAP benefits takes a huge load off my $243 takehome check from work a week. With SNAP, my son is guaranteed food in his tummy.’’ 
was still able to eat while I was between jobs. My wife had to quit her job 
to stay home and take care of our specialneeds daughter. A month after the birth of our second daughter, I lost my job and went almost a year before finding a job that paid enough to provide for our family. 
parttime jobs at the same time. I never thought I would have to rely on government assistance but, now, don’t know how we would have gotten by without it.’’ 
making sure the voices of those who rely on SNAP are heard in the conversation here in Washington, and I am committed to end hunger now. 
those who are on SNAP are real people who have real families. They are facing difficult times that they hope will soon pass. Rather than cutting their food benefit or making them jump through 
more hoops, as some in this Chamber have advocated, we ought to support them. Too often, the focus of this Congress is on ways to help the welloff become even more welloff, but we must not forget those who are struggling. They are our constituents. They are our neighbors. They are our brothers and sisters. 
site, www.mcgovern.house.gov, to share what SNAP means to them. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Black History Month, I rise in honor of an Arkansas son, John Edward Bush, whose entrepreneurial spirit and history of service to his community continue to inspire us to this day. 
slavery on November 14, 1856, orphaned at the age of 7, and freed from slavery at the end of the Civil War. When he had no permanent home or means to support himself, he worked odd jobs until, one day, he was taken to Capital Hill City School in Little Rock and forced to attend. He became a dedicated student, working as a brick molder to pay for his education. In 1876, he graduated with honors from Capital Hill City School in Little Rock, where he then served as principal for 2 years. 
the Republican Party in Arkansas, but he is best known in Arkansas as the cofounder of the Mosaic Templars of America in 1883. 
Bush began the Mosaic Templars to aid African Americans who were being refused insurance coverage for illness, death, and funeral costs by White insurers. The efforts of Mr. Bush and Mr. Keatts, in service to their community, brought economic security and advancement to a group that had been 
the activities of the Mosaic Templars had broadened to include an insurance company, a publishing company, a nursing school, a building and loan association, a business college, and even a hospital. 
provide services to former slaves seeking a better life evolved into a thriving business. At its height in the 1920s, the positive influence of the Mosaic Templars was felt by its more than 80,000 members belonging to chapters in 26 States and six foreign countries. While this noble institution fell on hard times during the Great Depression, its impact continued. 
A pillar in the Little Rock community, Mr. Bush rose to heightened levels of prominence when he was appointed as the Receiver of Public Moneys by President William McKinley. His success in this role and deepseated sense of integrity brought him to the attention of Booker T. Washington and facilitated his reappointment four times by President Theodore Roosevelt and President Taft. 
That relationship with Dr. Washington became one of trusted confidence and close friendship. Mr. Bush was invited to give the commencement address at Tuskegee, and Washington, in turn, was the dedication speaker of the Mosaic Templars’ new building in 1913. 
Mr. Bush passed away at the age of 60 
Today, Mr. Bush’s descendants remain pillars of our civic community in Little Rock, and his legacy lives on at the Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, which is an outstanding educational resource for our rich African American traditions in Arkansas. 
Month, we remember John Bush’s legacy that continues to inspire and that remains a major and important part of Arkansas history. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. 
than 2 days, House Republicans are prepared to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, threatening the safety of the American people. 
philosopher by the name of Yogi Berra, who once said, ‘‘It’s like de ´ja`vu all 
are taking the American people on another reckless, unnecessary, irresponsible legislative joy ride, guaranteed to crash and burn. You did it first in October of 2013 by shutting down the government for 16 days, crashing and burning parts of the American economy, costing us $24 billion in lost economic productivity. Now you are prepared to crash and burn the safety and the security of the American people. Why would you contemplate, Mr. 
Speaker, such a reckless action, particularly at a time when there are terrorists all across the world who want to kill Americans, including, as recently uncovered, three terrorists at home in New York determined, apparently, to bomb parts of the Coney Island district I represent? Why would you contemplate shutting down the Department of Homeland Security at this moment—or at any moment—simply to satisfy the rightwing thirst of the anti immigration faction of your party? 
that this President exceeded his authority when he issued an executive action providing immigration relief, notwithstanding the fact that every President since Dwight Eisenhower has taken executive action to provide some form of immigration relief. It has occurred 39 times since the 1950s. President Eisenhower did it. President Nixon did it. President Ford did it. President Reagan did it. President George Herbert Walker Bush did it. President George W. Bush did it. But when President Obama issues an executive action to provide immigration relief to fit these times, all of a sudden, we have got a constitutional crisis. 
disagree with the lawfulness of his order, but the reasonable approach would be to allow the courts to work it out, not shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. 
of the aisle are socalled strict constructionists. What would the constitution have us do? Well, we have got an article I legislative branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. The Founders have indicated, I believe, that they would have us work out constitutional differences through the court system, not by shutting down the Department of Homeland Security—causing 30,000 employees to have to go home and another 210,000 employees to have to come to work without pay, stressed, suffering from anxiety, uncertain as to how to pay their bills, pay their mortgage, pay their rent, pay their medical expenses. Do we want to subject our Homeland Security employees to that type of anxiety when terrorists only have to be right once and we have to be right 100 percent of the time? 
learn that, apparently, you haven’t spoken to MITCH MCCONNELL in several 
weeks. The people back home in the district that I represent and Americans all across the country are shaking their heads. I know you don’t like talking to NANCY PELOSI . I know you didn’t 
like talking to the President of the United States. But you can’t have a conversation with Senate Republican Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL ? It 
is not a long commute from this side of the Capitol to the other side of the Capitol. In fact, Mr. Speaker, you can 
take the train. Is it not reasonable that you have a conversation to try to work this out? 
focus on bigger paychecks, better jobs, retirement security, higher education affordability, strengthening the middle class; instead, you are throwing a legislative temper tantrum, jeopardizing the safety and security of the American people? Shame on you. Let’s get back to doing America’s business. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, with his veto of the Keystone XL pipeline, the President has again decided to stand with radical environmentalists at the expense of the American people. Republicans and Democrats came together in both Houses of Congress to pass this commonsense bill, yet the President has seen fit to deny the American people the new jobs it would create. 
record of picking favorites in the energy industry. We all remember how the President steered billions in taxpayer dollars to Solyndra, only to see the flawed solar company collapse. 
In 2014 alone, the Department of Energy directed over $1.9 billion in taxpayer dollars to investments in alternative energy. At the same time, the President has waged war on West Virginia energy jobs. This year, the administration is expected to ratchet up that war with new ozone standards and a new stream buffer zone rule. These overreaching regulations are intentionally designed to kill coal, with devastating outcomes for West Virginia and our entire Nation. 
Coal supplies over 90 percent of energy consumed in West Virginia. An escalation of the President’s war on coal would cause families in West Virginia to see huge increases in their home energy prices. The escalation would also have a terrible impact on jobs in our State. The American Mining Association has projected that the new stream buffer zone regulation would destroy as many as 85,000 jobs in the Appalachian region. 
permitting for natural gas exports and proposed damaging regulations on the exploration of new natural gas deposits. The Keystone veto further confirms the President’s commitment to continuing his obstructionist agenda. 
With so much at stake for West Virginia families, we must strengthen our resolve like never before to fight for an energy policy which allows the free market and consumers to choose, not government to discriminate. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. 
as we recognize the achievements of many African Americans this Black History Month, I want to acknowledge the Divine Nine, historically black fraternities and sororities of the National PanHellenic Council, and the role of their members in shaping our Nation. 
Divine Nine organizations consist of: Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, founded 
in 1906 at Cornell University, whose brotherhood includes: the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; my colleagues Congressmen EMANUEL CLEAVER , 
GREEN , GREGORY MEEKS , CHARLES RANGEL, DAVID SCOTT, and B OBBY SCOTT; 
legendary Olympic Gold Medalist Jesse Owens; National Urban League President Marc Morial; and legal pioneers Charles Hamilton Houston and Thurgood Marshall; and they are led by Grand President Mark S. Tillman. 
in 1911 at Indiana University, includes: civil rights leader Reverend Ralph Abernathy; my colleagues Congressmen SANFORD BISHOP , W ILLIAM LACY 
‘‘Chappy’’ James, the first African American fourstar general; attorney Johnnie Cochran; Dr. Bernard Harris, Jr., the first Black astronaut; Hall of Fame Chicago Bear running back Gale Sayers; and a special shoutout to a proud Kappa, Brace Clement of Seattle, Washington. They are led by Grand Polemarch William ‘‘Randy’’ Bates. 
in 1908 at Howard University, is a sisterhood which proudly boasts of Congresswomen SHEILA JACKSON LEE, 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , T ERRI SEWELL , FREDERICA WILSON , ALMAADAMS , 
and B ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN ; astronaut Mae Jemison; the late Maya Angelou; the late civil rights leaders Rosa Parks and Coretta Scott King; and their honorable president, Dorothy Buckhanan Wilson. 
1911 at Howard University, men who include in their ranks Assistant House Democratic Leader JAMES CLYBURN of 
Administrator Charles Bolden; Hall of Fame Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan; and Dr. Charles Drew, whose medical research in the field of blood transfusions led to the founding of the Blood Bank. They are led by the Honorable Grand Basileus Antonio F. Knox. 
at Howard University, who count as sisters our next Attorney General, Loretta Lynch; Congresswomen MARCIA  
and B RENDA LAWRENCE ; the first African American woman elected to Congress, Shirley Chisolm, one of my sheroes; former Secretary of Labor Alexis Herman; and their Honorable President Paulette C. Walker. Another special shoutout to my bonus daughter, Michelle Mills, and my mentee, Miki Grace. 
Howard University, the fraternity of my husband, Dr. Nathaniel Horn; civil rights pioneer and leader of the first Black labor union, the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, A. Philip Randolph; civil rights icon Congressman JOHN LEWIS; Dr. George Washington 
Carver; James Weldon Johnson, author, politician, and songwriter, whose works include ‘‘Lift Every Voice and Sing,’’ the Black national anthem; Alain LeRoy Locke, the first Black Rhodes Scholar; and former President of the United States, William Jefferson Clinton. They are led by President Jonathan A. Mason. 
Julia Carson; author Zora Neale Hurston; Lillian Fishburne, the first African American to hold the rank of Rear Admiral in the U.S. Navy; and their honorable president, Mary Breaux Wright. 
Florida, the late Lindy Boggs of Louisiana; Eugenia Charles, first female Prime Minister of Dominica—she was the first woman elected head of government in the Americas; the first African American winner of the Academy Awards, Hattie McDaniel; broadcast trailblazer founder of Radio One, Cathy Hughes; and our esteemed Grand Basileus Bonita Herring. 
Phi Theta, whose brotherhood includes Congressman BOBBY RUSH; Billy 
Ocasio, former alderman to Chicago’s 26th Ward and adviser to former Governor Pat Quinn; and Elvin Hayes, NBA player and NBA Hall of Fame Inductee. 
The brothers and sisters of the Divine Nine have saved countless lives, advanced civil rights, and left a lasting legacy across our Nation. I thank the Divine Nine brothers and sisters for their groundbreaking contributions and for their commitment to molding future leaders, improving education, and the advancement of civil rights. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I believe this debate over the funding for the Department of Homeland Security represents a pivotal moment in the history of the United States because it will, I think, determine whether or not we will continue to be a nation of laws and whether or not we will preserve the American Republic left to us by our 
Franklin left the Constitutional Convention, a woman asked him: What kind of government have you given us, Dr. Franklin? And he said: A republic— if you can keep it. My hero and mentor, Thomas Jefferson, always said that a government was republican only in proportion to the extent that it embodied the will of the people. 
the United States decisively and overwhelmingly rejected the policies of Barack Obama and the Democrat Party. President Obama said: I am not on the ballot, but my policies are. And the country spoke decisively and with one voice from coast to coast and said: 
We are done. We want our elected officials to enforce the law. We want our borders secure. We want to ensure that America maintains its supremacy around the world. We want our American economy to continue to grow. We want the government out of our lives, out of our way, out of our pocket, and off our backs. 
We have done this in Texas so successfully over the years. Because of the strength and the diversity of our economy in Texas, the economy in Texas has continued to grow, and the people of Texas have elected a Republican Governor, a Republican Lieutenant Governor, a Republican senate, and a Republican house, and they embody the will of the people of Texas. 
Democrats in the senate, continued to block the will of the people of Texas, and the new Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick, changed the rules because the people of Texas insisted they wanted to see a government that reflected their will, that would enforce the law, secure the border, and preserve peace and prosperity because we all understand that without law enforcement you can’t have good schools, safe streets, and a strong economy. This is just common sense. 
Grande River understand better than anybody in Texas that if you don’t have a secure border and if you don’t enforce the law, then the streets aren’t safe, you can’t have good schools, and you can’t have a strong economy. Laredo is the largest inland port in the United States. They depend more than anyone else on a secure border, safe streets, and good schools. 
So the people of Texas decisively rejected the policies of Barack Obama and the Democratic Party, yet the Democrat minority in the senate continued to block the will of the people so our Lieutenant Governor changed the rules. 
people of America and change the rules of the United States Senate just as we did in Texas. The people of America have spoken decisively. They rejected the policies of Barack Obama and the 
Democrat Party. They expect this Congress to see that the law is enforced, that we respect the separation of powers, and that laws are enacted by the people’s elected representatives. 
did in Texas, and make sure that no minority can block the will of the people. Make sure that our laws are enforced, that the border is secure, and that no one person can enact laws with the stroke of a pen. Laws are enacted here in the people’s House in the Congress of the United States. The people of America voted overwhelmingly to reject the policies of Barack Obama. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the Congress to embody the will of the American people, enforce the law, and stop the policies of Barack Obama that the people just decisively rejected. Let’s follow the lead of Texas. Change the rules in the Senate, Mr. Leader. 
By the way, make the Democrat Senators stand up and filibuster. Let’s have a real filibuster. Make them stand up there for 18, 24, 34, 48 hours. Make them stand up there as long as it takes. If they are going to have a filibuster, do it as we do in Texas. Enforce the law, follow the will of the American people, and do what we were elected to do—to preserve this great American Republic handed down to us, this precious inheritance handed down to us by the Founding Fathers, and let’s honor the hope of Benjamin Franklin that we would preserve this great American Republic. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) for 5 minutes. 
State of Washington, we are very familiar with the vital role the Department of Homeland Security plays. Nearly 1 year ago, in a matter of seconds, 1 square mile of land slid into the Stillaguamish River near Oso, Washington. 
disaster that was unbelievably devastating in the damage and the tragic loss of life that it caused. Fortythree people died in the blink of an eye. But FEMA, which is part of the Department of Homeland Security, was immediately on the scene to coordinate searchandrescue operations. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do everything possible to ensure that resources are available to respond to disasters because landslides have no season, earthquakes have no season, and terrorist attacks have no season. By failing to fund the Department of Homeland Security, the Congress risks the lives of Americans, and that is simply unacceptable. 
Now, some have said that most employees will be deemed essential, meaning they will be asked to do their already high pressure jobs of protecting our communities without pay. That will be the case for more than 6,000 
workers in my State. But FEMA Administrator Fugate said a lapse in funding would delay urgent disaster relief services because he would have to call staff back to work while the agency responds to an emergency. 
who have requested Department of Homeland Security grants would be left without muchneeded assistance. The Whatcom County Fire District 18, a mostly volunteer force that serves part of my district, applied for a $24,000 firefighters grant to replace vital equipment. This is equipment that protects the lives of these volunteers who are saving the lives of others. But if Congress fails to fund the Department of Homeland Security, those grants are at risk. 
bring a clean DHS funding bill to the floor, we have the votes to pass it today. But instead, that legislation is being held hostage because some disagree with the President’s executive actions. 
15, a comprehensive immigration reform bill during the last Congress. But we never got a vote. If leadership agrees that this is such an important issue, so important that it is worth defunding an essential federal agency, then Congress should be working right now on comprehensive immigration reform and consider legislation immediately—but after we finish our job of funding the Department of Homeland Security. We need to stop playing politics and fund the Department of Homeland Security now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today, yet again, in support of a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
MCHENRY , for the tribute he gave a few 
moments ago to his predecessor in the 10th Congressional District of North Carolina, Cass Ballenger, who passed away last week. Cass Ballenger was a treasured colleague of mine. He and I came to the House together in the class of 1986. We worked together on a number of matters, including teacher recruitment and disaster relief. Cass used his time here and the work of his foundation to reach out to some of the neediest people in the hemisphere, in Latin America, in addressing their health care needs. 
He came here after a successful business career. He was a man of great goodwill, good humor. He was someone who was a great favorite on both sides of the aisle. So I am happy to join PATRICK MCHENRY and other colleagues in 
remembering Cass Ballenger fondly and paying tribute to his years of good 
we are 38 hours away from a Department of Homeland Security shutdown which will undermine many of the agency’s critical missions and force its essential employees to go without pay until the politics of all this are worked out. 
Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Coast Guard, the Secret Service, the Transportation Security Administration, and other critical agencies are going to be left wondering how to pay their mortgages and how to feed their families instead of focusing on their critical missions. 
In North Carolina alone, Mr. Speaker, over 4,000 Homeland Security employees are going to be furloughed or go without pay. 
House Republicans forced this unnecessary stalemate by including poison pill riders in the bill that our Homeland Security Subcommittee negotiated late last year. It was a bipartisan, bicameral negotiated bill. It is ready to be passed right this minute. It should have been passed in December along with the rest of the appropriations bills. Instead, Republicans held back Homeland Security, and they added riders designed to poke the President in the eye and to impose radical antiimmigration policies on our country. 
leaders understand the potential consequences of a shutdown. They have resisted this Tea Party bait, and they have decided to take up a clean Homeland Security funding bill. So the Senate must quickly pass that bill, and Speaker BOEHNER must let us vote on 
didn’t send us to Washington to shut down critical functions of the United States Government on which all of our citizens depend. Pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ) for 5 minutes. 
today to call on the House to fund the Department of Homeland Security and avoid an unnecessary shutdown. Instead of having a real debate about fixing a broken immigration system, Congress is putting at risk government operations that serve the people we represent and is playing politics with the livelihoods of our Federal workers. 
agency because you disagree with the President’s actions is an irresponsible approach. We have got to move away from this kind of dysfunctional government and get back to legislating. 
sent us here to do. This current fight is exhibit number one of why folks don’t think Congress works for them. The folks I represent want to see a government that is responsive, that provides needed services, and that supports economic growth. 
in reality. Earlier this year, residents and businesses in the cities of Aberdeen and Hoquiam and Grays Harbor County, Washington, were swamped by heavy rains. Mudslides and flooding put people’s lives at risk and took a toll on neighborhoods that they call home. 
and they got it when the Homeland Security Region 3 Incident Management Team came to town. This team worked with locals on the ground to execute the best recovery plan to get people back on their feet. 
that, who lend a hand at a moment’s notice, to go without pay or take a furlough? Are we willing to tell communities in need that when they call for help, there is no one there? 
Fourteen percent of the Department’s workforce is facing furloughs. This isn’t an invisible workforce. These are staffers who administer grants to local governments. They are fire departments and emergency responders after devastating storms. 
the emergency teams that are on the ground in places like Hoquiam, Washington. That staff won’t be able to process emergency requests, won’t be able to do their jobs because Congress isn’t doing its job. 
percent of Homeland Security employees who will stay on without pay. What kind of message are we sending members of our Coast Guard or our Border Patrol or the Department when we tell them to work without pay? Mortgage payment? Still got to pay it. Utility bills? Still do. Grocery bill? Still got to eat. But paycheck? Sorry. 
It is true. If the crew of a ship faced 
trouble in Washington State’s waters, the Coast Guard would still swing into action, but that crew wouldn’t get paid for their work, and some of their support staff might not be back at headquarters to help them. 
of the Coast Guard, spouses of Department employees, and everyday citizens worried about how this will impact our communities and our national security because, in my home State of Washington, there are over 6,000 Department workers and we have five Coast Guard stations alone in my region. 
Shutdowns like this have ripple effects into our local economies, too. When workers aren’t getting pay or their pay is delayed, sacrifices are made. Less money is spent at the grocery store. Friday night dinners out are stopped. Family vacations are canceled or delayed. It impacts local restaurants, local 
hotels, and small businesses. We have seen this movie before. Businesses everywhere took a hit when the customers they rely on aren’t sure when exactly their next paycheck will come. 
Finally, we don’t motivate our Federal workforce by engaging in these stunts. We are proud of our Federal workforce in my region. Too often, Congress does not let them know that what they do is important. Too often, they are a bargaining chip in a political fight. 
confidence that their government was not broken, that it is staffed with workers dedicated to making a meaningful impact in their lives and in the lives of American citizens. 
We will not see qualified and motivated folks join a workforce that faces continuous threats to the job they do every day when the message to our workers and to local businesses is that politics is more important than their paychecks. 
I want to end by mentioning, yesterday, former Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge said that this shutdown was ‘‘wrong’’ and ‘‘folly.’’ 
They wear a different uniform, but the goal and objective and mission is the same—keeping America as safe as possible.’’ 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
year alone, over 450 teachers or school employees across the Nation were arrested for misconduct with a child. That is more than one per day. What is 
more, the Department of Education has estimated that nearly 10 percent of students are targets of educator sexual misconduct sometime during their school career. 
to every lawmaker, to every parent, and every grandparent in this body. In an effort to curb this alarming trend, I am proud that the Student Success Act under debate here today includes language from a bill that I introduced, the Jeremy Bell Act, to strengthen student protection efforts and get serious about who is being hired and transferred within our school system. 
a young boy from West Virginia who was drugged, sexually assaulted, and murdered by his elementary school principal—a man who had been suspected of sexual misconduct at previous jobs but was allowed to quietly transfer from district to district, avoiding repercussions and without awareness from his new employers, a shameful act known as ‘‘passing the trash.’’ Language found within the Student 
Success Act will end the practice of ‘‘passing the trash’’ by blocking educational agencies from receiving Federal funds if they facilitate the transfer of an employee that they know or have probable cause to believe has engaged in sexual misconduct with a student. 
Furthermore, it ensures that the hiring of all school employees will be compliant with current, extensive background check requirements. 
know the overwhelming majority of teachers, educators, school administrators, and support staff are amazing, caring individuals committed to the success of their students. 
work that they do, as well as the safety for our children, that we must pass this legislation and take real steps to address this issue. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Catholic Church, St. Helena, California, offered the following prayer: 
blessing on this day You have provided for us. 
that arise from the human condition, we ask Your blessing to allow us to use our intellect and free will to guide our human affairs and to seek the blessings of freedom, personal development, and prosperity for the common good. 
of our Nation’s House of Representatives. May all their deliberations and discussions be inspired by the vision of Your loving kindness and saving grace. 
bear rich fruit that nurtures all of the people of this Nation and their dreams for a better world and, thus, be for Your greater honor and glory. 
All of this we ask in Your most holy 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to pay special recognition to our guest chaplain, Deacon Bruce Miroglio. 
Helena Catholic Church, my church in my hometown. It is where I was baptized, received my First Communion, was confirmed, and where Jan and I renewed our wedding vows. 
I was born, grew up, and still live in 
our community, in the community that the deacon serves, so I know personally how deeply he cares for our community and how much he and our church have given back to our town. 
wanted to be a priest or a lawyer, so he took the sage advice of ‘‘when you have a choice between two great things, take them both.’’ 
In both careers, he has embodied selflessness, compassion, and quiet generosity. He has guided people through challenging times, comforted them in times of grief, always pursued righteousness, and has never wavered in his devotion to bettering the lives of others. 
today; and today, we, in the House, are equally as blessed. 
I will be voting against H.R. 589, the socalled Student Success Act. Although there are some positive reforms regarding empowerment of local schools that my constituents support in the bill, major problems with the bill remain. 
nothing to roll back the onerous high stakes testing regime that has led to a ‘‘teaching to the test’’ culture in our schools, and I want my parents, teachers, administrators, and students to know that I am listening and taking action. 
roll back to preNo Child Left Behind levels testing requirements. Essentially, it would have cut Federal testing requirements in half that we hope would have been a catalyst for States to cut their tests as well, but for the second straight year, that amendment has been ruled out of order, despite the fact that this is so important to the American people. 
moves to the Senate, we have allies there that are interested in empowerment and properly resourcing schools, and I look forward to working with them to get in the bill that the American people will support and we can enact. 
believe we are actually here. In just 48 hours, the Department of Homeland Security will shut down. In this day and age, with so many threats facing Americans and the rest of the civilized world, how can our colleagues even contemplate allowing the Department of Homeland Security to shut down? 
have seen terrorist attacks in Denmark and Paris and, just yesterday, arrests in New York of individuals charged with supporting foreign terrorist organizations. 
of Homeland Security will put American lives at risk—and all to try to prove a political point. 
Tying legislation against the President’s executive order on immigration to the essential funding that pays the hardworking men and women, the extraordinary professionals that keep us safe, is reckless and irresponsible. 
funding bill that will pass both Chambers and be signed by the President immediately, and let’s get back to the work many of us came here to do: strengthening our middle class, growing paychecks, and creating jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
guidelines consistently issued by successive Speakers, as recorded in section 956 of the House Rules and Manual, the Chair is constrained not to entertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the 23rd anniversary of the Khojaly tragedy, which took place on February 25–26, 1992. 
the site of a cowardly massacre of 613 unarmed Azerbaijani citizens, which included 106 women, 63 children, and 70 elderly. Despite the attempts to minimize this tragedy, I stand in memory with the Azerbaijani Caucus to remember the loss. 
share a bipartisan and a strong relationship. As a former commander in the Navy SEALs, I know firsthand the importance of Azerbaijan’s commitment. 
equipment to Afghanistan, over one third of nonlethal aid that was used by our troops in Afghanistan flowed through Azerbaijan. 
America would pay any price and bear any burden in the defense of liberty. I am proud that Azerbaijan and America share the same commitment to freedom and liberty. 
this moment to join our Azerbaijani allies in liberty in recognizing the Khojaly tragedy. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, 27 years ago, as the lines of the Soviet Union were fading, the people of NagornoKarabakh were united in a call for a say in their own futures and greater independence from Azerbaijan. This peaceful movement for selfdetermination and freedom was followed by premeditated and governmentsponsored attacks. 
was repeatedly victim to brutal and raciallymotivated pogroms, darkly reminiscent of the days of the Armenian genocide. Hundreds were murdered, thousands were displaced, and the Armenian community, both in Artsakh and in exile, continues to bear the scars from the brutal attacks in Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku. 
Karabakh officially declared independence on December 10, 1991, they were met with fullscale war lasting until 1994. Even today, the people of NagornoKarabakh are still forced to live under constant ceasefire violations by Azerbaijan. 
As we commemorate the somber anniversary marking the struggle of the NagornoKarabakh people, we wish for the peaceful resolution of this conflict 
and hope that its citizens will be free to determine their own future. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past few weeks, the Islamic State has targeted religious minorities throughout the Middle East, including the Yazidis in Iraq and the 21 Coptic Christians executed in Libya. 
than 200 Assyrian Christians. We pray earnestly for their release and for comfort for their families. 
at their physical brutality, but an even more sinister violence is at work, a sustained and strategic campaign against religious freedom. This is the Godgiven freedom to hold any belief— or none at all—without coercion or reprisal. 
transfixed on those killed for their faith in the Middle East; yet more than threequarters of the world’s population lives under regimes that restrict belief. 
should not be bound by geography or nation. We must defend religious freedom at all times and in all places, or this violent cycle will continue. 
join my colleagues in urging the GOP leadership to advance legislation that will keep the American people safe by continuing to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
three suspects in New York City planning to assist terror groups or join ISIS, we see the continuing imperative of a vibrant homeland security effort. In a matter of hours, funding for the 
Department will expire, thereby forcing thousands of essential employees to put their lives on the line without pay. State and local law enforcement operations will be among the hardest hit if we allow funding to lapse. 
the floor, we have the power to prevent the dangerous partial shutdown of the government. Our Nation’s security is at stake here, and another day of inaction by this Congress is unacceptable. Let’s vote on a clean spending bill today. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out the mission of keeping the American people safe. 
TROTT ). As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor the courage and sacrifice demonstrated by our marines, specifically Corporal Rene Gagnon, a Granite Stater, during the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
in what is arguably the most celebrated American flag raising in our Nation’s history. 
Joe Rosenthal, six U.S. Marines, including Corporal Gagnon, raised the colors above Mount Suribachi on the fifth day of the monthlong battle for Iwo Jima. 
Gagnon grew up in Manchester, New Hampshire, and left in 1943 after being drafted. He elected to join the United States Marine Corps. 
total of 92,000 men, 70,000 Americans, and 22,000 Japanese, fought to secure Iwo Jima, a tiny island controlled by the Japanese that was no larger than onethird the size of Manhattan. 
As we commemorate the 70th anniversary of Iwo Jima, let us take a moment to honor Corporal Gagnon and the rest of our Nation’s Greatest Generation who fought bravely to secure and preserve our Nation’s democracy during World War II. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to celebrate the history and legacy of the Pullman community of 
Last week, President Obama designated Pullman as a national monument, ensuring that Pullman’s heritage as an industrial innovator and labor leader lives on. 
Nation’s labor and civil rights movements. It is the birthplace of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, our Nation’s first Black labor union, and it was a major battleground in the national fight for fair wages and safe working conditions. 
I thank the countless dedicated people who worked with me and before me to make this designation possible. Pullman National Monument will preserve Pullman’s legacy and ensure that the community will continue to thrive for generations to come. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in opposition to this administration’s continued policy of governing from behind closed doors and using the executive branch to take more freedom away from the American people. 
Commission will vote for an unprecedented expansion of its authority over the Internet, without providing any public discourse on the details of the proposal. 
What we do know about this government invasion into the Internet is deeply troubling. The Internet has been a source of great creativity, investment, and economic growth, an area of freedom, where innovation has flourished and entrepreneurs, startups, and anyone with an idea has opportunity. 
One of the Commissioners has referred to it as ‘‘a solution that won’t work to a problem that doesn’t exist.’’ This is deeply troubling. 
I know of no industry that has become more vibrant, more free, or led to more innovation after a government takeover. Allowing the FCC to designate the Internet a regulated utility will increase taxes and allow government to decide pricing, cost, content, or anything else. This is the camel’s nose under the tent. 
and allow the American people back behind its closed doors. 
are just 2 days left until the Department of Homeland Security shuts 
keeping Americans safe is set to run out of funding tomorrow all because Republicans in Congress insist on manufacturing political crises instead of working to help hardworking Americans get ahead. 
charged every day with protecting our safety would all be expected to report for duty without any promise of a paycheck. In my home State of New Jersey, that would mean that over 4,000 Department of Homeland Security employees, including nearly 1,600 Active Duty Coast Guard members, would go to work without any pay. 
Payments to help Sandy victims recover would also not be able to be processed in the event of a shutdown. Those families have already suffered enough. They don’t need a Republican shutdown making things even more difficult. 
people should never be a partisan issue. And now is the time to come together and do what is right to protect all of our families. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
vision for real bipartisan mental health reform. Our legislation will have some differences but also many similarities. 
Both will fix the shortage of psychiatric beds; get more mental health workers, such as psychiatrists, psychologists, and social workers to help; integrate physical and mental health care; fix the rule which says severely mentally ill patients on Medicaid can’t see two doctors on the same day; and better coordinate the staggering 112 Federal agencies that deal with severe mental illness. 
My bill, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, will also allow treatment before tragedy. During the trial of the former marine who killed Iraq war veteran Chris Kyle, the mother of the defendant begged VA doctors to keep her son in psychiatric treatment just days before he shot and killed the decorated sharpshooter. 
The reality is the system doesn’t respond until after a crisis has occurred, because the only way to get treatment is if the individual is imminently homicidal or suicidal. We have to fix those problems. We 
must correct HIPAA so families can help their loved ones get well. We must act now before another 40,000 die by suicide, before thousands more end up in jail, homeless, or victims of crime, and before more families suffer. 
to join me as I reintroduce the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. 
(Mr. HIMES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
privilege of serving on the House Intelligence Committee. And just yesterday, in a hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats,’’ I sat with the Chiefs of our Intelligence Services to learn about those worldwide threats. The meeting was classified, but the summary is this: there are people out there who would count it a smashing success to reap death and destruction on the homeland. 
Yet my Republican friends have engineered a situation where, in 2 days, the Department of Homeland Security will shut down. It is not because they don’t have an alternative to get in the way of the President’s immigration initiative. A judge in Texas ruled with them. Now, I think that judge is going to be overturned, but a judge ruled with them. Yet they are going to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. 
If we shut down DHS and, heaven forbid, there is a natural disaster that destroys a community in Oklahoma or Connecticut, what are we—what are you going to tell the American people? 
who wishes this Nation ill succeeds and the Department of Homeland Security is shut down, what will we—what will you tell the American people? 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the floor today to pay tribute to Camille Jayne, the chair of the board of The Community House in Birmingham, Michigan. The Community House is a 92yearold nonprofit organization with a mission to impact the lives of those it serves through education and outreach experiences. 
badly in need of a major overhaul, it hired Camille Jayne in 2012. Camille is a strategic business, planning, marketing, and operations expert who brought over 30 years of experience to The Community House. Camille’s impact has been tremendous. 
an operating loss, but through Camille’s leadership, she was able to 
turn things around and put The Community House back on a strong fiscal foundation. Her efforts to rebrand, remarket, and retool every business unit were instrumental in the turnaround. 
The Community House is a cornerstone of the Birmingham community. Over 210,000 youth, adults, seniors, and business professionals take advantage of The Community House classes, lectures, and programs each year. All this is accomplished with a small staff of less than 40 people, which is augmented by 700 parttime staff, teachers, and volunteers. 
no doubt The Community House will continue to survive and serve southeast Michigan, and I believe the best is yet to come. It is my honor to pay tribute today to Camille James’ accomplishments and the great work that continues at the Birmingham Community House. 
(Mr. SIRES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to acknowledge Jersey City, New Jersey, on its diversity and economic growth. In the shadows of the Statue of Liberty, Jersey City is the second largest city in New Jersey and was recently named the country’s most diverse city. 
Jersey City’s history as a city of immigrants has contributed to its current economic boom. In the late 19th and early 20th century, an influx of immigrants from Europe flocked to Jersey City to achieve the American Dream. Increasingly, immigrants have now been arriving from South America, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East seeking the same American Dream and finding it in Jersey City. 
contributed to the economy by opening small businesses and joining the job market. Just in the past year, Jersey City has seen an upgrade in its credit rating, a continued decline in unemployment, and an everincreasing skyline. As further proof of Jersey City’s diversity, over half of the residents speak a language other than English at home, and the city council is comprised with a wide array of individuals from different ethnic backgrounds. 
Jersey City is a true American melting pot, and I applaud Mayor Steve Fulop and the residents of Jersey City on its continued progress. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
share a story with the American people, a story of courage, love, and faith. 
It is a story of one of my bosses back 
would likely take her young life. She was approached by the Sugar Land MakeaWish Foundation; but instead of wishing to meet a famous person and turning inward, Alyssa turned outward. Her wish was to have a water well built in rural Africa for people in need. 
the well was dug. And this year, Alyssa’s 29 rounds of chemotherapy and 30 days of radiation treatment will pay off as she goes to Africa and sips water out of her well. 
all of us that love and faith overcome all. 
(Ms. MENG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
urge my colleagues to pass a Department of Homeland Security funding bill without political strings attached. 
us New Yorkers who, unfortunately, understand too well the consequences of terrorism. Just yesterday, three ISIS supporters were arrested in Brooklyn for their plans to travel abroad to join the terrorist group. Without adequate Homeland Security funding, we might not have caught these terrorists. 
The Department of Homeland Security not only protects our borders and airports in ways we experience daily, but also works inconspicuously to guard our community by providing grants and training for law enforcement, transportation, and even local nonprofits. 
these hundreds of millions of dollars in grants that directly assist our communities and basic infrastructure. These address the unique planning, training, organization, and exercise needs of highthreat urban areas, like New York City. 
It is reckless to use Homeland Security funding as a bargaining chip. A mere political disagreement is no excuse to risk an attack on American lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean DHS funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
YODER ). As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, 
today is national fairytale day, and my office has been having some fun with it on Twitter. I got together with the staff, and we came up with some hashtag liberal fairytales: ‘‘If you like your health insurance, you can keep it.’’ ‘‘Benghazi was caused by a YouTube video.’’ 
But the biggest one seems to be happening right now. It is a liberal fairytale that House Republicans want to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Weeks ago, we passed a bill fully funding it. It is the Democrats in the Senate who have refused to take up that bill and debate it and vote for closure that are going to close the Department of Homeland Security. 
got a whopper of a fairytale from the liberals. The fact that the Republicans want to shut down DHS is nothing but a hashtag liberal fairytale. 
here today to have a brief conversation. I spent the last 2 hours in the Committee on Armed Services, where General Keane was talking about sending the right message to our enemies, that America has to stand together as one. 
Armed Services, we are 48 hours from shutting down Homeland Security. Let’s say that again: 48 hours from shutting down the security at our airports, at our train stations, at our ports. 
This is unthinkable. I am usually not the guy that says 
‘‘the sky is falling,’’ but unless we do this in 48 hours, we are sending a message to our enemies: it is open season in America. 
We can’t send that message. Please, I am asking my colleagues 
here in the House and certainly on the other side of the aisle to have a full and open debate on this issue. Let’s take the vote. Let’s get this done. Let’s pass the Homeland Security bill. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, Pennsylvania is the third largest natural gas producer in the Nation and continues to drive record breaking oil and natural gas production. According to new data released by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, last year shale gas production jumped 30 percent in Pennsylvania’s Marcellus shale for a total of 4 trillion cubic feet, which is 
roughly 16 percent of what the United States consumes on an annual basis. 
Mr. Speaker, communities in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District have benefited greatly from the technological and the safety advancements that make natural gas readily available, and these benefits are not just limited to shaleproducing areas. 
the country are seeing the rewards of shale gas energy produced by hydraulic fracturing. American households are enjoying increases in disposable incomes due to lower costs for energy and energyintensive products. Mr. Speaker, this success has been made possible due to regulations administered at the State level, not by adding the bureaucracy of the Federal Government. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Natural Gas Caucus, I will continue to explore and promote best practices so that we can highlight the safety and positive economic impacts of natural gas. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
agenda for the socalled New American Congress, pledging to focus on the people’s priorities. Well, they have obviously failed to deliver on this promise, instead allowing antiimmigrant, rightwing radicals to trump the safety of American families. 
the world provide a stark reminder of the threats we face. Yet amid the rising risks of terrorist attack, Republicans are holding critical Homeland Security funding hostage in a misguided attempt to undermine and roll back key protections for immigrant families. 
The fervor of Republic partisanship is immune to logic beyond an insistence on victory at any cost. 
DHS personnel in Nevada who would be furloughed or forced to work without pay and nearly $10 million in grant funding that Nevada counts on to protect the safety of our citizens and the over 40 million visitors who come to Las Vegas every year. Only 2 days remain until DHS shuts down. I call on Republicans: Stop holding it hostage and let’s get to work. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
have stepped forward to call this Nation to something greater. Today as we continue to celebrate Black History Month, I want to recognize three inspirational women from my district in Pennsylvania: Dorothy James, Ruby Golding, and Mary Wilson. In the 1960s they traveled down South to fight racial injustice and to join the struggle for equal rights. 
her to join the Freedom Riders. She remembers segregated movie theaters and not being allowed to try on shoes at the local store in town. She remembers the March on Washington and hearing Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King talk about a dream he had, a dream that one day his children would not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. 
shocked by the size of the crowd that day and how peaceful it was. She said it was like being in one big family of all colors joining together to bring a better day to America. 
Ms. James, Ms. Golding, and Ms. Wilson, and all those who joined the civil rights movement, for we have a freer nation because they had the courage to take a stand. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
less than 2 days—2 days—to fund the Department of Homeland Security before they run out of money. It is a dangerous world we live in. We know that. The tragic events recently in Paris and Copenhagen and, most recently, the arrests of three alleged terrorists yesterday in New York demonstrate that Americans are at risk from a terrorist attack every day. The Senate finally realized that funding Homeland Security is more important than jeopardizing the safety of our country. 
support to pass a clean—clean—Department of Homeland Security funding bill, you have my vote, and you have the overwhelming votes of the majority of Democrats. 
Congress should be focusing on protecting our families. Our constitutional oath that we take when we are sworn into office every 2 years requires us to first ‘‘support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic.’’ 
Let us not put Americans at risk because of partisan politics. It is not only irresponsible, it is immoral. Let us do the job that we were sent here to do. 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am an 
original cosponsor of H.R. 642, a bill that would help the men and women in our armed services who are victims of sexual assault get access to the care that they need. 
Sexual assault is not acceptable anywhere in our society. It is not something many people like to talk about, but it is a very real problem. According to the Department of Defense, 20,000 servicemembers said they had experienced at least one incident of unwanted sexual contact in 2014. 
In my time as an emergency medicine physician, I have seen the deep, longstanding, and brutal psychological trauma that results from sexual assault, and I know how critical it is that victims receive the treatment they need and perpetrators are brought to justice. 
needed steps to ensure that treatment options are more accessible for our veterans who were victims of sexual assault by helping to pay for travel expenses for those who need to seek care outside of the VA system. 
and a moral imperative. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 642 and ensure servicemembers who are victims of sexual trauma receive the care they need. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, last week Speaker BOEHNER stated that the Republicans 
were certainly prepared to shut down the Department of Homeland Security—a shutdown that would force thousands of TSA, Customs, Border Patrol, and Secret Service agents to work without pay. 
you, I come back and forth every week from Orange County, California. I usually go up to Los Angeles, to LAX. I was talking to my TSA guys as I went through the line, taking off my shoes. They said: Really, Ms. SANCHEZ , are 
they really going to do that to us? Are they really going to put our security at stake—America’s security at stake? I said: They have done it before, and they are going to do it again. 
I believe that it is time to pass a 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping America and Americans safe. 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. RURAL HOSPITALS 
rise to bring attention to rural hospitals and the important service they provide to communities across north Florida. 
Doctors Memorial Hospital in Bonifay, Florida. I was so inspired by the hard work of the doctors, nurses, administrators, and volunteers who treat patients who otherwise would have to drive hours for care. 
Mr. Speaker, these hospitals are providing outstanding care but face unique new challenges from government regulation. In Congress, we need to make sure rural hospitals are not overburdened by regulation that can cause more harm than good at smaller facilities. 
Florida, and I am ready to work with Democrats and Republicans to make sure that we protect them. 
only hours remaining before Department of Homeland Security funding is terminated, and following a 98–2 Senate vote to restore some sanity here and proceed with consideration of that funding, House Republicans are still 
engaged in what amounts to a family feud among Republicans that threatens all American families. American shopping malls on heightened alert, arrest of ISIS suspects, and growing global crises—all of them are apparently not enough to spur these House Republicans into action. 
vigilance. Your fear of immigrants and your disdain for President Obama ought not to come between us and a secure nation. Our enemies are watching. So are the frontline DHS employees and law enforcement operations who could lose. It is long past time to approve the dollars that we need to secure our American families and secure our homeland. It ought to be the top priority. There is no reason why Homeland Security should be the only Department in the entire Federal Government that is not fully funded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on February 26, 2015 at 11:35 a.m.: 
Congressional Award Board. Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 125 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
point of order against consideration of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman may state his point of order. 
burden under the rule, and the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consideration as the statutory means of disposing of the point of order. 
of order revolves around this entire bill being an unfunded mandate for the States; but, frankly, Mr. Speaker, this is about the work of this body and the work of this country. 
this body proven itself as detached and reckless as we do today. We are just over 24 hours away from an automatic shutdown of one of our Nation’s greatest defense systems to keep the American people safe, and this body—one of only two bodies with the authority to prevent that shutdown—has no plan. 
last year that we treat families humanely, that we retain the best and brightest of each new generation, we welcome those willing to fight for their citizenship, just as we welcomed my greatgrandfather and yours. He did that because this body failed to move forward on a profamily, proAmerica agenda. 
stand on a Nation settled, built, and grown by immigrants. When the President acted to give immigrants across this country hope, consistent with actions taken by prior Presidents, he acted to uphold not only the law, but one of our greatest American traditions. 
antifamily and unAmerican agenda, Republican House leadership has made endless attempts to prevent the President’s lawful action from taking place. With each repeated attempt to override our constitutional checks and balances, House Republicans are playing games with our time and taxpayer money and, right now, frankly, playing games with our national security. Time has kept this body from focusing on real issues facing our Nation. The security of our Nation should not be sacrificed for a political agenda, nor can the livelihoods of those who put themselves on the line as our first responders and to protect American soil. 
critical assistance from reaching snowstorms and wildfires. It could mean a delay in FEMA funding to rebuild communities after disasters like the floods that affected my hometown of Boulder and nearby towns of Loveland and Longmont. It could impede air and ground travel safety and mean withholding of pay from already overworked TSA and CBP workers. 
an agreement, by a vote of 98–2, on consideration of a clean DHS funding bill. I am a cosponsor of a similar bill in the House. The bill extracts politics from the conversation about immigration in exchange for the interests of the American people. 
It removes the irrelevant policy riders that undermine the lawful authority of the President of the United States and, instead, focuses on keeping the Department of Homeland Security open through the end of the fiscal year. 
Mr. Speaker, this House has the opportunity to bring forward a clean DHS funding bill. We can always continue with Republican political stunts after we secure the safety of the American people. 
would like to, first of all, thank the gentleman for raising the point of order. 
the first responsibility of Congress, but Republicans have decided that appeasing the antiimmigrant Tea Party extremists is more important than protecting our homeland. 
House Democrat cosponsoring clean legislation to fund DHS. It is clear, therefore, that there are sufficient votes to pass a bill immediately and keep DHS funded and open. However, House Republicans continue to block consideration of a clean bill—a clean bill—DHS bill and sustain their latest manufactured crisis—because this is a manufactured crisis. 
not one—three former DHS Secretaries—Secretary Ridge, Bush; Secretary Chertoff, Bush; and Secretary Napolitano, Obama—sent a letter to Senators MCCONNELL and R EIDcalling 
for a clean DHS funding bill. That is Chertoff, Ridge, and Napolitano, all said—former heads of DHS, two Republicans and one Democrat: 
It is imperative that we ensure that DHS is 
ready, willing, and able to protect the American people. To that end, we urge you not to risk funding for the operations that protect every American and to pass a clean DHS funding bill. 
I think it is preposterous that Republicans can even suggest a lapse in DHS 
women in charge with protecting our homeland at a time when such vigilance is of the utmost necessity. 
jihadists in New York City and Brooklyn and the continuing threats that the head of the FBI tells us exist in every State of the Union and this is a time when we are discussing that we are not going to fund the men and women on the front line at the Department of Homeland Security protecting our Nation? 
and manufactured crisis. This is a time to put America first, the safety of American citizens first, and politics and partisanship should be at the bottom rung of any consideration, but that is not what we are doing. 
who work at DHS, at TSA, at the Coast Guard, at the Border Patrol, ICE, and other agencies—a complete disregard to American people who trust us to govern responsibly. For what? To attack the President. 
Holding hostage the security of our homeland will not force the President of the United States to deport every noncitizen in our country. Republicans want to make a priority deportation, but that is not going to make our country safer. 
I find it a bit ironic that it seems to 
me that the basic reason we are not going to fund a clean DHS—which we had, we had a clean, agreed to by both sides in the House and the Senate, we were ready to go, until the Republicans woke up one day, all angry because the President went and issued an executive order. They said: We have got to go get those immigrants, so let’s put at risk the funding of DHS. 
that would allow about 4 million parents of American citizen children—4 million parents of American citizen children—go through a background check, get right with the law and about 1 million DREAMers, that is young people who are in this country and came here as children. 
So that is why you are holding it up. 
Guess what, the only thing that is holding it up is the preposterous decision by a Federal judge, which you went and handpicked—you went shopping: Let’s get a judge that is going to agree with us ahead of time, and then let’s declare it a victory. 
If I were your side of the aisle, I would just declare victory and say, Okay, we 
have a judicial process that is going on, it is going to be dealt with in the courtroom, and, in the meantime, we are going to protect the American people—because, in the end, when this is all said and done, if you shut down DHS, you do not stop the processing of the documentation for undocumented workers and for DREAMers. You don’t stop it. 
funding comes from here. Do you know where it comes from? From the application fee that they pay. So there will be money to pay those workers within the context, but you are not going to pay a Coast Guard member? 
think what you are saying is if the Republicans shut down the Department of Homeland Security, the only thing the Department will be able to do is to process the paperwork for undocumented immigrants, and they won’t be able to fulfill their functions keeping our Nation safe. 
other words, we are going to put at risk the safety of our Nation while, at the same time, the 5 million that they call ‘‘illegal’’ are getting legalized because—how is it that you finance that? Through their contributions and the money that they have to spend in the application fee. 
have put in jeopardy the safety of our Nation in order to punish a group of people you can’t punish. You can’t punish them because they are paying for it. 
waiting for your visa, while you are waiting for your citizenship application, while you are waiting for that, guess what, the Republicans have decided you need to wait while the 5 million that the President said he wants to legalize continue to get processed. 
It is absurd what is going on here. We 
are putting at jeopardy the American people. You don’t think the Border Patrol is an essential protection to the Nation? I don’t know how you can say that on that side of the aisle because every other word is: Secure the border, secure the border, secure the border. 
border, you say: Let’s not fund it. We are not going to fund securing the border today. We are simply going to let it lapse and say to those Border Patrol agents, Do you know what? Why don’t you show up and secure the border, but we are not going to give you enough money to pay your mortgage, we are not going to give you enough money in order to pay your groceries or pay your heating bill. We are not going to pay you for securing the border because we think we need to punish President Obama and all of those who would think that we might need to reprioritize how it is. 
Lastly, I want to say to the gentleman from Colorado, in the end—in the end—there are 5 million American citizens—children—who are going to remember this day, 5 million American citizen children who are going to remember this. 
remember it? They are going to remember their moms and their dads who were undocumented—these Americans, 5 million of them—and eventually, they are going to reach 18 years of age, and they are going to vote. When they go vote, do you know 
what they are going to remember with their first vote? Who treated their parents so cruelly and so miserably. 
time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 10 minutes. 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but saying that we are politicizing some issues is a little bit just stretching the issue, it seems to me. 
Should the House now consider H. Res. 125? This has nothing to do with UMRA. CBO estimates that H.R. 5 contains no intergovernmental or private sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, or UMRA. This is a dilatory tactic and, I might add, a bit of a political tactic, which is what we are accused of. 
aware, we are currently waiting on a bill from the Senate. We currently have a rule before us that provides for consideration of over 40 amendments, including two from the gentleman from Colorado, to an important education bill. There is no reason to prevent consideration of this rule while we wait for the Senate to do its work. 
In order to allow the House to continue its scheduled business for the day, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 167, not voting 41, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love 
McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Chaffetz Cramer Crenshaw DeLauro Doggett Ellison Fortenberry Foster Garrett 
Grayson Himes Hinojosa Hudson Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kelly (PA) Larson (CT) Lee Long Luetkemeyer Maloney, Sean McNerney 
Meadows Perry Peterson Roe (TN) Roskam Rothfus Sewell (AL) Speier Walberg Waters, Maxine Young (IN) Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
on rollcall No. 91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
not present for rollcall vote No. 91, a recorded vote on the question of consideration of H. Res. 125—the rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 5—Student Success Act (unfunded mandates point of order). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
on February 26, 2015, I missed rollcall vote No. 91, On Question of Consideration of the Resolution, because I was in a meeting with Administration officials on behalf of my constituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
2015, I was unable to be present for rollcall vote 91, On Question of Consideration of the Resolution, H. Res. 125. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ I respectfully request that this be noted in today’s CONGRES SIONAL RECORD . 
on February 26, 2015—I was not present for rollcall vote 91. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, on February 
26th, I missed one recorded vote. I would like to indicate how I would have voted had I been present. On rollcall No. 91, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed rollcall vote No. 91 regarding the ‘‘On Question of Consideration of the Resolution’’ (Providing for further consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, H. Res 125). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The gentlewoman 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 125 provides for a structured rule providing for the consideration of a number of amendments to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My colleagues on the House Education and the Workforce Committee and I have been working to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. Our efforts in reauthorization have centered on four principles: reducing the Federal footprint in education, empowering parents, supporting effective teachers, and restoring local control. 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, ensures that local communities have the flexibility needed to meet the needs of their students. This legislation reauthorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, also known as ESEA, for 5 years while making commonsense changes to update the law and address some of the concerns raised following the last reauthorization. 
widespread agreement that the current law is no longer effectively serving students. Instead of working with Congress to reauthorize ESEA, the Obama administration began offering States temporary waivers in 2011 to exempt them from onerous requirements in exchange for new Federal mandates from the Department of Education. These waivers are a shortterm fix to a long term problem and leave States and districts with uncertainty about whether they will again be subject to the failing law and if the administration will change the requirements necessary to receive a waiver. 
teachers, and school districts the certainty to make decisions and the flexibility to make the best decisions for 
the right direction and will provide this certainty and flexibility. 
majority in the House in 2011, we have held 20 hearings on the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The committee considered five reauthorization bills in four markups in the 112th Congress in addition to a markup and a favorable reporting of H.R. 5 in 2013 and again this month. 
I am pleased to work with my colleagues on the Rules Committee to report rules for floor debate and the consideration of legislation that promotes transparency and participation. In this case, I think we will have a terrific opportunity to further improve the bill through the amendment process. Fortyfour amendments are made in order by this rule, including over 20 Democratic amendments and nine bipartisan amendments. The House will have the opportunity to work its will. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
If Congress doesn’t act, the Department of Homeland Security will shut down in 2 days. Republicans are playing a very dangerous game with our Nation’s security. Today, I am giving the House a fourth chance to have a straight up or down vote on a clean DHS funding bill. 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 861, which will fund the Department of Homeland Security through the end of fiscal year 2015 without any poison pill provisions. We need to put an end to this stalemate and take immediate action to keep our country safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. 
Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD ) for the purpose of a 
I, too, ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not yield. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
to reiterate my earlier statement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. I do not yield for any other purpose and will not yield for any other purpose. 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
my colleague for yielding, and I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 681, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
Chair understands that the gentlewoman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
Chair understands that the gentlewoman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
24 hours remaining, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping Americans safe. 
Chair understands that the gentlewoman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
24 hours left before the expiration of funding for the Department of Homeland Security, I yield to my colleague from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for a very 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
Chair understands that the gentlewoman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for the purpose 
York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so that it is able to protect the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Homeland Security, I yield to my colleague from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for 
the purpose of a very important unanimous consent request. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from California (Ms. JUDYCHU) 
has a solution to the funding impasse at DHS, and I yield to her for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out the mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping Americans safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR), who is an appropriator herself, 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861. Let’s protect the American people. The clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill should be brought before the House so we can keep it open and carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe and administering disaster relief. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who has a solution to the 
funding impasse at DHS, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out not only its mission, but it can also keep the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
more than 24 hours left before the closure of the Department of Homeland Security, I yield to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for the 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its important mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU), who has a solution to the 
funding impasse at the Department of Homeland Security, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its critical mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for the purpose of a 
am pleading and asking unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that, in this climate of terrorism, would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
over 24 hours remaining before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), who has a 
ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for the purpose of a 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out the mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
over 24 hours remaining before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ) for a unanimous consent request to address this funding impasse. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the territories are also affected by a lapse in Homeland Security. Fortunately, Ms. PLASKETT is here with a solution. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for the 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its critical mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
24 hours the Department of Homeland Security will run out of funding. Fortunately, I have a colleague who has a solution to this impasse. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) 
House of Representatives, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open and carry out its mission—and the number one mission of the United States Congress is to protect the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
more than 24 hours remaining before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, my colleague has an idea that he would like to propose to address that. I yield to the gentleman 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
colleagues have made unanimous consent requests. I, too, would like to make a unanimous consent request, and I yield to myself for that purpose. 
House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would ensure that Border Patrol agents, TSA screeners, Coast Guard members, and Secret Service agents would continue to be paid for protecting the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
does H.R. 861, the Department of Homeland Security funding bill, currently have? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, upon further parliamentary inquiry, how many of H.R. 861’s cosponsors are Republican? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
that I have indicate that there are 192 Members of the House that are cosponsors of funding the Department of Homeland Security, and my records further indicate that zero are Republican. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, further parliamentary inquiry. Since we are 2 days away from the Department of Homeland Security shutting down, compromising the ability of the Border Patrol, the TSA, and the Coast Guard, who does have the authority to call up H.R. 861, the Department of Homeland Security funding bill? 
have seen a number of colleagues try to bring it up. I have tried to bring it up. I hope that the Chair will advise whoever has the ability to bring it up to bring it up. 
H.R. 125 to include language allowing for the House to debate and have an up ordown vote on H.R. 861, the Homeland Security funding bill. 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
talk about education. Now, that is a very important topic. I agree with my colleague, Dr. Foxx, and I am glad that none of the time that we have been trying to fund the Department of Homeland Security has in any way detracted from this important debate. 
is that here we are, barely more than 24 hours from compromising the security of our country. Yes, of course, the education debate is critical; but couldn’t we take a moment to approve one of those unanimous consent requests? 
them all, we probably could have had a vote on the bill which would have passed and actually prevented a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. 
reauthorizes ESEA, will be considered under. Now, this effort and this bill— and ESEA is very near and dear to my heart and my career experience. 
I have had the opportunity and been blessed to have been involved with education policy and on the ground in a number of different ways and levels. 
State Board of Education. I launched a network of public charter schools for English language learners. I cofounded a charter school for homeless youth and youth in transitional housing. 
House Education and Workforce Committee. My district is home to Colorado’s two flagship universities, CU Boulder and CSU in Fort Collins. On a more personal level, my son C.J. is approaching the age where he is going to begin school this fall. 
that, throughout my career, education has always been my top priority because I have personally seen the difference that it can make in people’s lives, from early childhood education and quality preschool and kindergarten, all the way through adult education programs to help make sure 
Almost every day, one of my constituents contacts my office about education. Just last week, I met with several principals to talk about the need for good, professional development in schools. 
that is concerned about the culture of overtesting in her son’s school. Just yesterday, a constituent of mine told me about her own upbringing and success in Colorado schools. 
Student Success Act. This bill would reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education—by the way, Mr. Speaker, if you can’t handle the gavel, I will be happy to take it myself. 
the Federal role in education policy. Now, there are a lot of problems with No Child Left Behind. I think that is something we hear from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, something that all of us have heard in our constituencies, from families, from teachers, from School board members, pent up frustrations at the lack of change in almost 15 years of a policy that had several failings that we knew about right away—whether it is the flawed and superficial mechanism of AYP, or Adequate Yearly Progress, whether it is the frustrating paperwork and bureaucracy that it puts sometimes ahead of education. 
This is a very important piece of legislation, and it should be treated seriously. Unfortunately, this House hasn’t 
held a single hearing on education before moving forward with this bill. The Chamber and the committee haven’t held any hearings on this important legislation. When asked, the chairman, Chairman KLINE, said that: Well, the 
There are new Members. Our own committee has new members who have never gotten to witness a single hearing on education before moving through with an incredibly important piece of legislation. 
I will be part of this debate in the 
coming hours if this rule passes regarding the amendments around this bill, the content of the bill itself. As my north star, what I look for in a successful reauthorization of ESEA and replacing No Child Left Behind with the Federal education law that makes sense is really threefold. 
Number one, we must get accountability right; number two, we must expand and replicate what works in public education; and, number 3, we must change what doesn’t work in public education. 
Let’s talk about getting accountability right. Unfortunately, this bill falls short in this regard. It has an enormous loophole that threatens to drive underground and remove the accountability for kids with disabilities. 
That is why this bill is opposed by a 
number of groups that represent children with disabilities, special education teachers, and all those who are concerned about how the 12 or 13 percent of children in our schools that receive special education services succeed. 
Well, here is what it is. There is a number in ESEA, No Child Left Behind, 1 percent. That is a cap on the number of kids that are allowed to be given an alternative assessment. 
that can’t have an ordinary assessment, some of the most severeneeds special education kids. It doesn’t even matter that much what that number is, as long as it is reasonable, whether it is half a percent or 1
1⁄2percent, whether it is threequarters of a percent or even 2 percent. What is important is that it is uniform and it reasonably approaches the kids that are unable to take the test. 
cap altogether. It says States can administer alternative assessments that are not included in the mainstream accountability program to whomever they want—meaning a State that might not be teaching or serving kids with special needs could simply say: All kids receiving special education services and IDA services, all 12 percent of our district or our State, will take this other assessment that will not be incorporated in the mainstream accountability. 
That is what the specialneeds community fears, and it is a very reasonable fear because, look, we are elected officials, Mr. Speaker. I think some of our friends and perhaps people who are not our friends have become Governors of other States. Former Members of this body have become Governors. 
Guess what, Governors aren’t too different than people in this body. They like to look good. They like to look like they are successful. They don’t want to create a dataset that shows that they are failing kids. 
standards and exempt children from the testing, and that is the second part of accountability that this bill gets wrong. It allows for a dumbing down of the standards. 
Left Behind and the President built upon with his Race to the Top initiative is that States need to have college and careerready standards. 
make sure that those standards are certified by institutions of higher education within a State, meaning that if you graduate a high school with a diploma, you ought to have the academic skills needed to succeed in college. If not, what does a high school diploma even mean? 
it takes out that backstop of college and careerready standards, as certified by the public institutions of higher education in the State, allowing another glaring loophole for States to define success downward to make themselves look better. 
expanding what works. On that account, this bill does somewhat better. Now, I wish it included our innovations in education amendment which we offered in committee and, again, on the floor that, unfortunately, was not allowed. It is a very highly leveraged way to invest in highpromise programs that work. 
around replicating and expanding successful public charters schools, as well as several amendments that would strengthen and build upon that language as well. 
work in education and changing it, this bill also falls short. We need to invest in real change in schools that aren’t working. 
teeth behind the turnaround models in turning around our low performing schools. There is no guarantee that these investments would be data driven or that they would work to ensure that some of our most persistently low performing schools would improve and allow children a chance to succeed. 
to the floor, Members should at least have the opportunity to amend and improve the bill. 
Now, in our Rules Committee meeting yesterday, I supported an open rule for amendment to H.R. 5. Frankly, there was a lot of bad amendments offered to this bill that were blocked. There were also a lot of good amendments that were blocked. 
are allowed to be considered under this bill, and I am grateful that two of the five amendments that I offered will be voted on here today as well, as well as the Democratic substitute that our committee ranking member, Mr. SCOTT, put forward as supported by the 
the spirit of the ESEA, as Federal civil rights legislation, is maintained and built upon. 
talking about later would encourage charter schools to work closely with public schools to collaborate and share best practices, tying into the second principle of ESEA reauthorization: expand and replicate what works in public education. 
would allow States to use funds for the creation and distribution of open source textbooks, resulting in significant cost savings for the States. It is simply an allowable use and can save many districts and charter schools money. 
In addition, I want to highlight another few amendments that were very important that will be allowed under this bill. 
Representative SUSAN DAVIS’ amendment would amend the definition of 
school leader and ensure that principals are receiving the full amount of professional development as the funds are available to them. 
improve the college and career readiness of homeless youth. 
These are just a few of the amendments from my Democratic colleagues that I look forward to supporting today. 
were in order, there were also several positive suggestions that would have been improvements to the bill but, unfortunately, won’t be coming to the floor under this rule. 
would have required States to have college and careerready standards, addressing that glaring loophole in the base Republican bill. Unfortunately, 
mine presented an idea which is on the tips of many of our tongues—and, frankly, I would have liked to have seen defeated on the floor of the House, but it wasn’t even allowed a vote. 
amendment that would completely eliminate Federal testing. Now, I think it would have been great for this Congress, Democrats and Republicans, to defeat that amendment and make a powerful statement that we believe in accountability. 
money goes, taxpayers deserve transparency and accountability. Unfortunately, we won’t have the opportunity to make that statement. 
would have improved the bill or would have provided an opportunity for Members of this body to do their work have, unfortunately, been prevented under this rule. 
I look forward to discussing the merits of the rule and the merits of the bill. I have a number of colleagues who have joined us on the floor to join us in this discussion as well, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that our colleague from Colorado has given us some levity, but it has been so long since the levity occurred, I am not sure anybody would remember it. 
to point out that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle continually tell us how our legislation falls short of the ideal that they would like to see. 
that, for 2 years, the Democrats were in control of the House and the Senate. Two years, they had the House and the Senate and the White House. 
If they had been so interested in reauthorizing this legislation and lots of other legislation that they criticize us about, they should have brought that ideal legislation forward at that time and passed it. b1400 
what our colleague says about no hearings on this bill, that since we returned to the majority in the House in 2011, we have held 20 hearings on the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The committee considered five reauthorization bills in four markups in the 112th Congress, in addition to a markup and the favorably reporting of H.R. 5 in 2013 and again this month. 
minutes to my colleague from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding me the time. 
child deserves the absolute best education, but that is really not what is at issue for those who oppose the Student Success Act. What is at issue is how that should be accomplished: Is the Federal Government better at ensuring that our children receive the proper education or do we do a better job at the local level? 
education. My father served on the Board of Education and then served in the administration of one of the fastest growing school districts in my district. My mother was also a schoolteacher. So I learned a lot about what works in education at the kitchen table every night. 
Now, I can tell you this. As far as my 
experience is concerned, the Federal Government does not know what is best for our schools. In fact, I was in our district last week, and what I learned is that the compliance requirements required by the Federal Government for our teachers is actually not allowing our teachers the time to teach what these young people need to learn. 
is innovation. That is not driven at the Federal level. 
I visited three elementary schools and a couple of high schools. What I learned was, at the local level, real innovation. We saw students that were excited, that wanted to be at school. I would like to tell you about another school. And these schools were in the most impoverished areas of our district. 
that folks attend because they are told in the public school that they won’t make it, that they don’t have what it takes to make it in the public school. Let me tell you how innovative this school is, and it does not receive one Federal dollar. The graduates of this school and middle school are recruited to some of the best magnet, charter, and private schools in our area when they finish. 
through innovation and teaching techniques. It changes the cycle. 
in the public school system under the guidance of the Federal Government for the last 50 years? Aren’t they worth saving? 
Parents, teachers, and local education leaders need control over education, not the Federal Government. They are best suited to nurture student success in our schools. H.R. 5 does just that. It restores local control. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago, in the Central Texas oneroom schoolhouse where he had studied, President Lyndon B. Johnson first signed this Federal aid to education act into law. Through its first title, this law addresses inequality in educational opportunity. Title I has played a vital role in helping schools so that economically disadvantaged students can work their way into the middle class. 
that first opposed President Johnson want to undermine this important civil rights law. Today’s bill is supported by the same ideologues who have opposed the very concept of any Federal aid to education, who in the past disparaged on this floor public schools as being ‘‘government schools,’’ and who have even tried to abolish the Department of Education. 
really a ‘‘Student Regress Act’’ or a ‘‘How Little Can We Do in Washington Act.’’ 
for so many other schools, this bill means less Federal support at a time when our schools are asked to do even more. 
In States like Texas, where school inequality is severe, the State leadership has demonstrated time and time again that Federal education block grants only lead to blockheaded decisions. ‘‘Block grant’’ is an apt term because it is designed to block access to achieve educational excellence in our public schools. 
Without a firm requirement in Federal law that the States cannot use the Federal dollars to just supplant the deficient funding levels they have, a State like Texas can and has simply used Federal education dollars to fill its budget gaps, with irresponsible officials, like Rick Perry, using the money for corporate tax breaks instead of helping our schoolchildren. 
So today we look at this bill and we 
see that, despite extensive research on brain development, on the importance of early, quality education for our youngest Americans, despite bipartisan support across the country, despite the incredible return that it offers on every dollar of public investment, early 
found. It is missing in action in this bill. 
special education. It fails to address the unique challenges of atrisk students. It ignores the needs of students who need to learn English. It ends the requirement of professional development support that encourages innovative teaching. 
It is why I say that a grade of F is entirely too high for this piece of legislation. I think a grade of X, Y, or Z might be more appropriate. Reject it until we have a Congress committed to a meaningful Federal role in advancing individual opportunity and ensuring a globally competitive workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, over the last five decades, the Federal Government’s role in elementary and secondary education has increased dramatically. The Department of Education currently runs more than 80—more than 80—K–12 education programs, many of which are duplicative or ineffective. 
the vast reporting requirements for these Federal programs tie the hands of State and local school leaders to make the best education available to their students. Since 1965, Federal education funding has tripled, yet student achievement remains flat. More money clearly is not going to solve the challenges we face in education. 
Unfortunately, the Obama administration has refused to work with Congress to address these challenges and has, instead, taken unprecedented action to further expand its authority over America’s schools. 
scheme and pet programs, such as Race to the Top, the Secretary of Education has granted himself complete discretion to use taxpayer dollars to coerce States into enacting the President’s preferred education reforms. Adding insult to injury, President Obama continues to push for more Federal education spending, requesting a staggering $70.7 billion in discretionary funding alone for the Department of Education in his fiscal year 2016 budget. 
time to acknowledge more taxpayer dollars and more Federal intrusion cannot address the challenges facing schools. 
streamline the Nation’s education system by eliminating more than 65 duplicative and ineffective Federal education programs, cutting through the bureaucratic red tape that is stifling education in the classroom, and granting States and school districts the authority to use Federal education funds to meet the unique needs of their students. 
of Education to identify the bureaucrats in Washington who run the programs which will be eliminated in H.R. 
5 and to eliminate their positions, ensuring that the bureaucracy shrinks with the programs. 
take definitive steps to limit the Secretary’s authority by prohibiting him or her from coercing States into adopting academic standards like the Common Core. It also halts the executive overreach in the waiver process by prohibiting the Secretary from imposing extraneous conditions on States and local districts in exchange for a waiver. 
State and local autonomy over decisions in the classroom by removing the Secretary’s authority to add new requirements to Federal programs. H.R. 5 recognizes that local communities know their needs better than any bureaucrat in Washington and empowers States and districts to develop accountability and school improvement systems that align with their local priorities. It also repeals Federal funding requirements that arbitrarily restrict State and local policymakers’ ability to set their own budget priorities. 
not tie the hands of local educators to make the best decisions for their students and communities. H.R. 5 is a step in that direction, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), a member of the 
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the underlying bill eliminates the 21st Century Community Learning Centers that are so critical to providing an outlet, a positive outlet, to young people in communities across this country for all that youthful energy that kids carry around with them. Afterschool programs make a difference. They especially make a difference in the lives of young people who live in communities, like many that I represent, that are facing enormous financial pressures just meeting the requirements of providing daily instruction and can’t support, without additional help, the kind of afterschool experiences that this program has supported. Why fix what is not broken? These programs really work. 
from Flint, Michigan. In fact, I served on the board of education in my hometown in Flint. I was elected 38 years 
discovering the value of afterschool programming because long ago, many decades ago, auto pioneer Charles Stewart Mott and a visionary by the name of Frank Manley developed a community education concept which opened the doors to schools and provided enrichment activities so that young people could have those positive choices. What do we say to these kids when 
we tell them stay on the straight and narrow, stay in school, when those few hours after the schoolday they are at risk and are given opportunities every day to make bad choices for themselves, to go down a negative path? What afterschool programming has done is it has given these young folks a chance to explore their creative side. It works. It makes a difference, not just in keeping them out of trouble, but what we have seen is that afterschool programming actually improves academic performance. The ability to engage in arts and music and physical activity improves their schoolday performance. 
piece of legislation. It ought to include this provision. 
policy started with good intentions, burdensome and prescriptive regulations have created confusion for school districts and limited school participation and tutoring services and public school choice. Parents know their children best, and any efforts to provide a highquality education must include engaged parents. Parental involvement can help drive innovation, competition, and school improvement. 
the importance of parental involvement by ensuring that parents have access to meaningful information about local school quality, and it empowers local communities to hold students accountable. 
It also maintains longstanding parental notification and consent provisions in current law. 
magnet school, and tutoring programs to provide parents with more choices in educating their children. Along with parental involvement, encouraging and supporting effective teachers in the classroom is critical to student success and high quality education. Mr. Speaker, many Americans can regale you with stories of their favorite teachers who made a lasting impact on their lives. 
Federal policies should not hinder innovation in the classroom. That is why the underlying bill repeals Federal ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ requirements which restrict State and local school districts’ ability to reward and maintain good teachers by rewarding education level over effective teaching. 
and implementation of teacher evaluation systems that are designed by States and school districts with input from parents, teachers, school leaders, and other stakeholders. In addition to evaluation systems, the Student Success Act reduces confusion and duplication by consolidating teacher quality programs into a single flexible grant program to be used by States and 
school districts to support creative approaches to recruit and retain effective educators. 
legislation is empowering the people closest to students to make decisions for their communities and ensuring that the law is flexible to meet the needs of diverse States, regions, and student populations. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ). 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for the time. 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. I think it is a damaging reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
Why are we here? What is the role of 
the Congress? It is to protect America and to ensure America’s future. The best way to ensure America’s future is to educate our children. In 1965, when the ESEA was originally developed, the exact declaration of that policy stated that it was ‘‘in recognition of the special education needs of children of low income families.’’ 
I know a lot about that. I know because I am a Head Start child, a public school kid who went under ESEA. I know that when America makes the right policies to educate its people, we thrive. I know that people can come to America without an education and because of our public school system can believe that their children can grow up to be successful in America. I know that because my parents came without much education and without any money. Oh, by the way, they are the only parents in the history of these United States to send two daughters to this House of Representatives. Let’s do the right thing. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
I would like to thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding the time. 
rule and H.R. 5. One of the hallmarks of America is our system of free, local, public schools. America is the envy of the world because a quality K–12 education is key to opportunity and a pathway to success. To build on that fundamental premise, 50 years ago, the Congress adopted the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that all children, no matter their background, family income, their race or religion, could have equal access to a high quality public education. 
strikes at the heart of this fundamental American principle, and it tips the scales in favor of the welltodo to the detriment of millions of other students. While the bill grants important flexibility to States in some areas, Republicans let States off the hook for maintaining their commitment to students in schools that oftentimes do not have the extras. The Republican bill takes away millions of dollars from students in schools in my home school districts of Hillsborough and Pinellas Counties in Florida. 
Overall, Republicans in Congress propose to cut Florida schools by $33 million in fiscal year 2016 and by a whopping $437 million through fiscal year 2021. In doing so, they cut at the heart of our ability to give teachers the tools they need to teach and our students the ability to learn. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, many amendments will be debated, and some could improve the bill while others will not. But in the end, other than the Democratic substitute, there is no way to fix this Republican bill that would harm so many students and schools across America. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and send the committee back to the drawing board. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). 
Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from North Carolina yielding me this time. 
support of this rule and the underlying bill. I was one of I think 45 Members who voted against the No Child Left Behind law when it originally came up in the House of Representatives several years ago. This turned out to be one of the most popular votes I ever cast with public school teachers. I have heard from many of them throughout these years that that bill has been in effect. It was a bill written primarily by Senator Kennedy and Congressman MILLER, and it was a very fartotheleft 
type of bill. So I am especially pleased that this H.R. 5 today is a major rewriting of that bill. 
alternative certification provisions in the bill. It has never made any sense to me to say that a person with a Ph.D. and long experience in a field cannot teach and some young person with a degree in education would have to be hired. A Ph.D. in chemistry who worked 30 years at Oak Ridge in our scientific lab couldn’t be hired to teach, and some person who had had a few hours of chemistry, some 22year old with a bachelor’s degree, would have to be hired. 
the flexibility to hire people who have a great education or long experience in a particular field in those types of situations. I wish that the provisions were even stronger than they are now. 
taught at T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria. I taught American government and journalism. I very reluctantly gave up that teaching job so that I could finish law school sooner. I can tell you that my grandmother 
taught school in Tennessee for over 40 years, and my older sister taught for over 33 years. I have spoken over 1,000 times to schools and school groups, and I can tell you also that the teachers and principals of east Tennessee have enough sense and intelligence to run their own schools. They don’t need bureaucrats from Washington dictating every move that they make almost, and we need much more local control. This bill does that. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
thank the gentleman from Colorado and the gentlewoman from North Carolina for their leadership. 
me and understand the importance of the Federal Government, for when I went to school, those of us of minority status, African Americans and Hispanics, were not protected by our States. It had to be those in the Federal Government who indicated that no matter what you looked like, what your race was, or what your disability was, you had the right to equal education. That is what the Federal Government can do. That is what this involvement of the Federal Government is. It is to ensure that no child is denied an education. 
today with a decrease in funding to education across America. Parents should understand that, with a 3.2 million student enrollment increase, this bill flatlines any increase in education. It does not support teachers, and it does not support highly qualified teachers in providing for them an incentive to teach. 
More importantly, my fellow students who may be called disabled, do you know what they do to them? They raise the numbers of those who can be sent to those classes that in the old days we called slow classes, so that they are not mainstreamed, they are just thrown over to the side. We stopped doing that decades ago, but this bill brings it right back home again. 
it raises standards to allow States not to weaken standards, not to weaken the assessment process, and not to institute weak accountability systems. But that is what this bill does now. So my student who needs an opportunity does not have the support, and poor children, money is taken from poor children and recklessly used for something else. 
this a bipartisan bill and do what was done for me by the Federal Government? It gave me the opportunity to stand on the floor of the House today as an African American. With a history 
of segregation in America, the Federal Government said that I needed an equal education. 
Speaker, our current education system must be fixed. However, H.R. 5 is not the solution. 
Pacific American Caucus, I cannot support H.R. 5. This bill hurts the very children that ESEA intended to protect: children of color, children of poverty, and children with disabilities. H.R. 5 fails to hold States and schools accountable and to make students college and careerready. Almost 5 million English language learners will suffer with limited funds and block grants. Wraparound services that are so critical for a wellrounded education are eliminated. H.R. 5 hurts our students and makes America less competitive. 
By contrast, Mr. Speaker, the Democratic substitute ensures that high poverty schools and highneeds students get the resources and the support that they need. I urge you to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 5 and ‘‘yes’’ on the substitute. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and against H.R. 5. Everyone who knows me knows that I believe that if you spend 5 minutes—only 5 minutes—with a young person, you can change a life and shift the course of history. Many years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Rosa Parks saw a little light, a little hope in me, ‘‘the boy from Troy,’’ a young student from rural Alabama. They gave me hope and opened doors. 
Their actions taught me how important it is to tear down barriers and invest in the potential of each and every American child. 
Mr. Speaker, we have the responsibility to learn from our experiences and provide a quality foundation for the next generation. But this bill turns back the clock on progress. H.R. 5 puts the hardesthit—those most in need— on the chopping block. We don’t want to go back. We want to go forward. It cuts funding, pushes down standards, and rolls back the protections for our future—our youth—our precious children. 
I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Let us come together and do what is right and what is just to help students realize the American Dream. That is the thing to do, and we must do it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
want to point out that there is a very unusual component to this rule. There 
is something called selfexecuting language, which means that the rule is effectively like a bill, and the language is around a very hot button divisive topic—namely, abortion. 
rule that effectively becomes a passed bill—it is selfexecuting—that would defund schoolbased health centers if they have any information about referrals or directions or any abortionrelated materials. 
they wouldn’t even be able to display, under this, antiabortionrelated materials. It says: 
The center will not provide abortionrelated materials, referrals, or directions for abortion services to any such student. 
from providing information to a child about alternatives to abortion, like adoption or other options that a young parent might have, to be able to stay in school. 
If this rule passes with this selfexecuting amendment, I believe that the number of abortions will increase in the country as a result. This is an anti choice, proabortion measure that has been inserted into this rule, and it is very restrictive on our school districts. 
It is a very unusual procedural tactic. I have never seen, in my 6 years here, a rule used for selfexecuting language around a divisive topic like abortion. 
these other amendments on education under this bill, they have 10 minutes of debate, and they have 20 minutes of debate. This is a secret attempt to get language into a bill that we were not even shown, I think, 3 minutes before we voted on it in the Rules Committee yesterday—just another example of the problems with this ad hoc lawmaking process without the right thought going into bills. 
this, who is Representative NEUGE BAUER , meant to exclude information 
about alternatives to abortion or other options that people might choose; but, unfortunately, the language of the self executed amendment would prohibit that as well. 
these partisan fights, I wish that at least one of our unanimous consent requests had been granted to fund the Department of Homeland Security. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the case. We are instead discussing a very divisive bill. 
funding. I want to elaborate a little more about what this socalled portability was. Portability sounds great. Of course, funds should follow the student. 
The net effect of this version of portability that is in this bill is that resources are transferred out of schools that serve a lot of atrisk and poor children to schools that serve a lower percentage of poor or atrisk children. What this means in districts like 
mine or districts across the country is, on the ground, schools that serve 60, 70, 80 percent lowincome families will lose two staff people, three staff people—in some cases, maybe even four staff people. They will lose teachers. They will lose paraprofessionals. They will be taken out of their budget, and they would be added to the budget of some of the wealthier schools in the district. 
Now, look, if we all want to add staff 
to all schools, I mean, my goodness, if we can find funding to add staff to some of the wealthier schools—I know that there are many schools that have a lower socioeconomic risk in my district—parents would love more staff, but the right answer is not to take those staff out of the schools that serve the most atrisk kids. 
why no Democrats on our committee supported it. It is a step in the opposite direction. Honestly, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to even get to the discussion of getting accountability right—expanding and replicating what works and changing what doesn’t work and encouraging innovation—when the basic funding parameters of the bill do the opposite of what we need to do: take money out of the schools that serve the most atrisk kids which, under whatever accountability system we use, are likely the schools that need more investment. 
rule with the selfexecuting abortion language, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
in the manager’s amendment related to schoolbased health centers referring children in schools for abortions. Regardless of their position on abortion, most Americans agree that the issue should not be raised at school. The language now in the bill reflects that consensus and would have no impact on adoptions. 
educator, school board member, mother, and grandmother reinforces my belief that students are best served when people at the local level are in control of education decisions. I also believe that education is the most important tool Americans at any age can have. 
I was the first person in my family to 
graduate from high school and went to college where I worked full time and attended school part time. It took me 7 years to earn my bachelor’s degree, and I continued to work my way through my master’s and doctoral degrees. 
From my own experience, I am convinced this is the greatest country in the world for many reasons, not the least of which is that a person like me, who grew up extremely poor in a house with no electricity and no running water, with parents with very little formal education and no prestige at all, could work hard and be elected to the 
why I look forward to working with my colleagues to address their concerns and improve the Student Success Act throughout the amendment process. 
amendments to consider. Fortyfour amendments are made in order by this rule, including over 20 Democrat amendments. Among those is Ranking Member SCOTT’s substitute amendment 
I have never been one to let the perfect be the enemy of the good, and H.R. 5 is a step in the right direction of reducing the Federal role in education; empowering parents, teachers, and local school districts; and increasing local control. 
of this legislation, and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this rule and the underlying bill. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 125 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the 
opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adoption of the resolution, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 234, nays 177, not voting 21, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Dold Duncan (SC) Flores Higgins Hinojosa Keating King (NY) 
Langevin Lee Long McNerney Pompeo Rice (NY) Roe (TN) 
Stated for: Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 92, 
I was unavoidably detained in a meeting with constituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
92 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I missed recorded vote No. 92 due to a hearing of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ (Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for further consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act). Had this motion failed, House Democrats would have had the opportunity to offer an amendment making H.R. 861 in order. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 184, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
93, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 168, present 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Buck Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tonko Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Dold Duffy Ellmers (NC) Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanna 
Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Keating Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Marchant McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schock Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Tuesday, March 3, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in Joint Meeting His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
was unavoidably detained by a meeting with law enforcement officers from across the Nation, and I missed rollcall vote No. 91 on the question of consideration of the resolution involving funding of DHS. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (Acting 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, February 25, 2015, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 121 had expired. 
further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–8, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–29, is adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Student Success 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
person or agency that was awarded a grant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such award, except that funds for such award may not continue more than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
programs that are conducted by the Secretary on a competitive basis, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under those programs for fiscal year 2016. 
the Act (20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (Impact Aid), this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under that title for fiscal year 2016. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
appropriated to carry out subpart 1 of part A of title III $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
appropriated to carry out subpart 2 of part A of title III $91,647,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
appropriated to carry out subpart 3 of part A of title III $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
payments under section 4002, there are authorized to be appropriated $66,813,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
Act prohibits the Federal Government from mandating, directing, or controlling a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State and local resources, and from mandating a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under such Act. 
Act prohibits the Federal Government from funding the development, pilot testing, field testing, implementation, administration, or distribution of any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other subject, unless specifically and explicitly authorized by law. 
incentivized States to adopt Common Core State Standards developed by the National Governor’s Association Center for Best Practices and the Council of Chief State School Officers. 
and SMARTER Balanced Assessment Consortium (SMARTER Balance) initiated the development of Common Core State Standards aligned assessments that will, in turn, inform and ultimately influence kindergarten through 12th grade curriculum and instructional materials. 
the Congress that States and local educational agencies retain the rights and responsibilities of determining educational curriculum, programs of instruction, and assessments for elementary and secondary education. 
The title heading for title I (20 U.S.C. 6301 et 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children the opportunity to graduate high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce. This purpose can be accomplished by— 
achieving children in our Nation’s highestpoverty schools, English learners, migratory children, children with disabilities, Indian children, and neglected or delinquent children; 
high and lowperforming children, especially the achievement gaps between minority and nonminority students, and between disadvantaged children and their more advantaged peers; 
agencies to embrace meaningful, evidencebased education reform, while encouraging state and local innovation.’’. 
‘‘(ii) to allocate, allot, or award to local educational agencies or other entities eligible to receive such funds; or 
‘‘(ii) to allocate, allot, or award to entities eligible to receive such funds; or 
section shall be construed to relieve a State educational agency or local educational agency of any requirements relating to— 
such funds; and’’ and inserting ‘‘commitment to using such funds to improve such schools.’’; and 
of part A;’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A;’’; 
‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A’’; and 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
reserve 3 percent of the amount the State receives under chapter B of subpart 1 of part A for each fiscal year to carry out this section. Of such reserved funds, the State educational agency may use up to 1 percent to administer direct student services. 
shall award grants to geographically diverse local educational agencies including suburban, rural, and urban local educational agencies. If there are not enough funds to award all applicants in a sufficient size and scope to run an effective direct student services program, the State shall prioritize awards to local educational agencies with the greatest number of students with disabilities, neglected, delinquent, migrant students, English learners, atrisk students, and Native Americans, to increase academic achievement of such students. 
for outreach and communication to parents about their options and to register students for direct student services; 
award for administrative costs related to direct student services; and 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct student service; 
the public schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice options; 
agency receiving an award to provide public school choice can provide a sufficient number of options to provide a meaningful choice for parents; 
highquality academic tutoring providers that includes online, on campus, and other models of tutoring; and 
agency receiving an award will provide an adequate number of highquality academic tutoring options to ensure parents have a meaningful choice of services.’’. 
A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
by striking the subpart heading for subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) and inserting the following: 
by striking the subpart heading for subpart 2 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) and inserting the following: 
receive a grant under this subpart, the State educational agency file with the Secretary a plan, developed by the State educational agency, in consultation with local educational agencies, teachers, school leaders, public charter school representatives, specialized instructional support personnel, other appropriate school personnel, parents, private sector employers, entrepreneurs, and representatives of Indian tribes located in the State, that satisfies the requirements of this section and that is coordinated with other programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
academic standards for mathematics, reading or language arts, and science, and may have such standards for any other subject determined by the State. 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
STANDARDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, a State retains the right, through a documented and validated standards setting process, to adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, if— 
achievement of an individual student should be measured against such standards is made separately for each student; and 
State educational agency will establish English language proficiency standards that are— 
measure the academic achievement of all public school students in the State; 
standards and provide coherent and timely information about student attainment of such standards; 
‘‘(iv) be used for purposes for which such assessments are valid and reliable, be of adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
or language arts, be administered in each of grades 3 through 8 and at least once in grades 9 through 12; 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; and ‘‘(III) in the case of any other subject chosen 
by the State, be administered at the discretion of the State; 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple assessments during the course of the academic year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on student achievement; 
‘‘(II) the reasonable adaptations and accommodations for students with disabilities necessary to measure the academic achievement of such students relative to the State’s academic standards; and 
for the assessment of reading or language arts in English for English learners who have attended school in the United States (not including Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that a local educational agency may, on a casebycase basis, provide for the assessment of reading or language arts for each such student in a language other than English for a period not to exceed 2 additional consecutive years if the assessment would be more likely to yield accurate and reliable information on what such student knows and can do, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language proficiency 
on what such student knows and can do on reading or language arts assessments written in English; 
descriptive, and diagnostic reports regarding achievement on such assessments that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to understand and address the specific academic needs of students, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; 
‘‘(iii) ensures that students with the most significant cognitive disabilities who take an alternate assessment based on alternate academic achievement standards are not precluded from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma, as determined by the State; 
the extent practicable, included in the general curriculum and that such alternate assessments are aligned with such curriculum; 
and promotes the use of appropriate accommodations to increase the number of students with disabilities who are tested against academic achievement standards for the grade in which a student is enrolled; and 
plan shall identify the languages other than English that are present in the participating student population and indicate the languages for which yearly student academic assessments are not available and are needed. The State shall make every effort to develop such assessments and may request assistance from the Secretary if linguistically accessible academic assessment measures are needed. Upon request, the Secretary shall assist with the identification of appropriate academic assessment measures in the needed languages, but shall not mandate a specific academic assessment or mode of instruction. 
‘‘(II) if the State chooses, may be used to 
‘‘(ii) annually evaluate and identify the academic performance of each public school in the State based on— 
‘‘(II) the overall performance, and achievement gaps as compared to all students in the school, for economically disadvantaged students, students from major racial and ethnic groups, students with disabilities, and English learners, except that disaggregation of data under this subclause shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student; and 
‘‘(III) other measures of school success; and ‘‘(iii) include a system for school improvement 
for lowperforming public schools receiving funds under this subpart that— 
that are designed to address such schools’ weaknesses; and 
shall be construed to permit the Secretary to establish any criteria that specifies, defines, or prescribes any aspect of a State’s accountability system developed and implemented in accordance with this paragraph. 
this Act shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
assist each local educational agency and each public school affected by the State plan to comply with the requirements of this subpart, including how the State educational agency will work with local educational agencies to provide technical assistance; and 
State plan shall describe the process by which the State will adopt and implement the State academic standards, assessments, and accountability system required under this section within 2 years of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
subpart shall prohibit a State from revising, consistent with this section, any standard adopted under this section before or after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
section shall be construed to alter any State law or regulation granting parents authority over schools that repeatedly failed to make adequate yearly progress under this section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
agencies, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the academic standards, academic assessments, and State accountability system developed and implemented under this section; 
local educational agencies and the public of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; 
the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a program assisted under this subpart; 
or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; and 
local educational agencies in the State of the local educational agency’s authority to transfer funds under section 1002 and to obtain waivers under section 6401. 
plan shall describe how the State educational agency will support the collection and dissemination to local educational agencies and schools of effective parental involvement practices. Such practices shall— 
that meets the highest professional and technical standards on effective parental involvement that fosters achievement to high standards for all children; 
greater participation by parents in school planning, review, and improvement; and 
under subpart 3 of part A of title III. 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and private sector employers (including representatives of entrepreneurial ventures), and who are familiar with educational standards, assessments, accountability, the needs of lowperforming schools, and other educational needs of students, and ensure that 65 percent of such appointees are practitioners and 10 percent are representatives of private sector employers. 
Secretary demonstrates how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this section and immediately notifies the State of such determination and the reasons for such determination; 
assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; and 
plan for not meeting the requirements of this subpart, but shall not have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific elements of the State’s academic standards or State accountability system, or to use specific academic assessments or other indicators. 
revised by the State educational agency if it is necessary to satisfy the requirements of this section. 
feedback, and notifications under this subsection shall be conducted in a manner that is 
immediately made available to the public through the website of the Department, including— 
Secretary’s staff, may not attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer review process. No Federal employee may participate in, or attempt to influence the peer review process, except to respond to questions of a technical nature, which shall be publicly reported. 
shall be presumed approved upon submission unless the Secretary finds that the plan does not meet one of the required elements, but in no case shall a deficiency be found due to the content of the material submitted. 
necessary by the State educational agency to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this subpart. 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section then the Secretary shall withhold funds for State administration under this subpart until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
shall include in its annual State report card information on— 
that such reporting shall not be required in a case in which the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student); 
cohort graduation rate, reported separately for students graduating in 5 years or less, students graduating in 6 years or less, and students graduating in 7 or more years; 
that receives assistance under this subpart shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card. 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable information, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
schools served by the local educational agency and to all parents of students attending those schools in an understandable and uniform format, and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand, and make the information widely available through public means, such as posting on the Internet, distribution to the media, and distribution through public agencies, except that if a local educational agency issues a report card for all students, the local educational agency may include the information under this section as part of such report. 
educational agency or local educational agency may use public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State, that were in effect prior to the enactment of the Student Success Act for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection, and protects the privacy of individual students. 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
this section shall be collected and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals consistent with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act and this Act. 
Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or assessments tied to such standards; or 
shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments described in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes. 
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assessments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education receiving funds under this subpart, the following shall apply: 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments and other academic indicators the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment and academic indicators as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment and other academic indicators, in consultation with and with the approval of, the Secretary of the Interior and consistent with assessments and academic indicators adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meet the requirements of this section. 
tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment and other academic indicators developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment and academic indicators meet the requirements of 
may receive a subgrant under this subpart for any fiscal year only if such agency has on file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that is coordinated with other programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act, and other Acts, as appropriate. 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section 6305. 
identify quickly and effectively those students who may be at risk of failing to meet the State’s academic standards; 
provide additional educational assistance to individual students in need of additional help in meeting the State’s academic standards; 
be conducted by the local educational agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115, and, where appropriate, educational services outside such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected and delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
through incentives for voluntary transfers, the provision of professional development, recruitment programs, incentive pay, performance pay, 
or other effective strategies, will address disparities in the rates of lowincome and minority students and other students being taught by ineffective teachers; 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
Human Services and shall establish procedures (taking into consideration existing State and local laws, and local teacher contracts) to assist local educational agencies to comply with such subparagraph; and 
agency plan shall be developed in consultation with teachers, school leaders, public charter school representatives, administrators, and other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this subpart. 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, revise its plan. 
agency plan shall be filed according to a schedule established by the State educational agency. 
shall review the local educational agency’s plan to determine if such agency’s activities are in accordance with section 1118. 
agency using funds under this subpart and subpart 4 to provide a language instruction educational program shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learner identified for participation, or participating in, such a program of— 
child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction educational program; 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
program in which their child is, or will be participating, and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
or will be participating, will meet the educational strengths and needs of their child; 
their child learn English, and meet ageappropriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
how such program meets the objectives of the individualized education program of the child; and 
child immediately removed from such program upon their request; and 
to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruction, if available; and 
‘‘(ii) assisting parents in selecting among various programs and methods of instruction, if more than one program or method is offered by the eligible entity. 
educational agency receiving funds under this subpart shall implement an effective means of outreach to parents of English learners to inform the parents regarding how the parents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assisting their children to attain English proficiency, achieve at high levels in core academic subjects, and meet the State’s academic standards expected of all students, including holding, and sending notice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to recommendations from parents of students assisted under this subpart. 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education program on the basis of a surname or languageminority status.’’. 
all that follows through ‘‘technical education programs; and’’ and inserting ‘‘schoolwide programs; and’’; and 
(bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’; (IV) in clause (iv)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the State and local improvement plans’’ and inserting ‘‘school improvement strategies’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘student academic achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; 
as Head Start, Even Start, Early Reading First, or a Staterun preschool program,’’; 
follows through ‘‘2001)’’ and inserting ‘‘have in place’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; 
(II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘(including administrators of 
programs described in other parts of this title)’’; and 
(III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘6.’’. 
(II) by striking ‘‘, Even Start, or Early Reading First’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘part C’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart 3’’; and 
‘‘part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
Head Start, Even Start, Early Reading First or Staterun preschool programs’’; 
by striking ‘‘proficient and advanced levels of achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic standards’’; 
a targeted assistance program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or forprofit external providers with expertise in using evidencebased or other effective strategies to improve student achievement.’’. 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
as’’ and all that follows through ‘‘preschool programs’’; and 
2 of this part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter B of this subpart’’; 
Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program, and public preschool and other’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal, State, and local’’; and 
subpart 3 of part A of title III, each local educational agency or school that receives assistance under this subpart shall inform such parents and organizations of the existence of such programs.’’. 
with appropriate private school officials or representatives, provide such service, on an equitable basis and individually or in combination, as requested by the officials or representatives to best meet the needs of such children, special educational services, instructional services (including evaluations to determine students’ progress in their academic needs), counseling, mentoring, oneonone tutoring, or other benefits under this subpart (such as dual enrollment, educational radio and television, computer equipment and materials, other technology, and mobile educational services and equipment) that address their needs; and 
children participate, on an equitable basis, in services and activities developed pursuant to this subpart. 
Such educational services or other benefits, including materials and equipment, shall be secular, neutral, and nonideological. 
other benefits for such private school children shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children participating under this subpart, and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall— 
‘‘(ii) with respect to any such funds that cannot be so obligated, be used to serve such children in the following fiscal year. 
such local educational agency and the appropriate private school officials or their representatives in the State of such allocation of funds. 
and analysis of the views of the private school officials or representatives on the provision of services through a contract with potential third party providers; 
views of the private school officials or representatives on the provision of services through a contract, the local educational agency will provide in writing to such private school officials an analysis of the reasons why the local educational agency has chosen not to use a contractor; 
under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions; 
under this subpart to provide schoolwide programs for a private school. 
meetings of agency and private school officials or representatives and shall occur before the local educational agency makes any decision that affects the opportunities of eligible private school children to participate in programs under this subpart. Such meetings shall continue throughout implementation and assessment of services provided under this section. 
educational agency shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if— 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section; or 
10,000 children from lowincome families who attend private elementary schools or secondary schools in a participating school attendance area of the agency that are not being served by the agency’s program under this section; or 
students in a participating school attendance area of the agency are not being served by the agency’s program under this section. 
extent possible, protects the identity of families of private school students, and allowing such survey results to be extrapolated if complete actual data are unavailable; 
each participating public school attendance area, determined pursuant to this section, to the number of private school children who reside in that school attendance area; or 
correlated with the measure of low income used to count public school children. 
services, such employee, individual, association, agency, or organization shall be independent of such private school and of any religious organization, and such employment or contract shall be under the control and supervision of such public agency. 
educational agency is prohibited by law from providing for the participation in programs on an equitable basis of eligible children enrolled in private elementary schools and secondary schools, or if the Secretary determines that a local educational agency has substantially failed or is unwilling to provide for such participation, as required by this section, the Secretary shall— 
such children through arrangements that shall be subject to the requirements of this section and sections 6503 and 6504; and 
subsection, consider one or more factors, including the quality, size, scope, and location of the program and the opportunity of eligible children to participate.’’. 
striking ‘‘, such as the Early Reading First program,’’; 
‘‘such as the Early Reading First program’’ each place it appears; 
Child Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Student Success Act’’; and 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘basis.’’; 
available to carry out section 1124 for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out section 1124; 
available to carry out section 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out section 1124A; and 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available to carry out this chapter for the fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the total amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A.’’; 
1 of part D’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter A of subpart 3’’; and 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES IN FISCAL YEARS AFTER FISCAL YEAR 2001. 
and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the percentage of the aged 517 population in a local educational agency that is eligible to receive funds under this title (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such students (number weighting). Whichever of these weighting systems results in the highest total weighted formula student count for a local educational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
said the number weighting alternative is generally more favorable to large local educational agencies with much larger counts of eligible children, but not necessarily higher concentrations, weighted at the highest point in the scale than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but higher concentrations, of eligible children. 
weighting scales are based on the most current data available in 2001 on the distribution of eligible children across local educational agencies. 
Student Success Act, Congress expects updated data to be available, which will provide Congress an opportunity to update these scales based on such data. 
has a further obligation to evaluate the use of percentage and number weighting to ensure the most equitable distribution of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds to local educational agencies.’’. 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
striking ‘‘subpart’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter’’. 
Chapter B of subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 
U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
provision of law and to the extent permitted under State law, a State educational agency may allocate grant funds under this chapter among the local educational agencies in the State based on the number of eligible children enrolled in the public schools served by each local educational agency. 
the families with incomes below the poverty level for the purposes of this section, a State educational agency shall use the criteria of poverty used by the Census Bureau in compiling the most recent decennial census, as the criteria have been updated by increases in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
of such Federal funds, supplement the funds made available from nonFederal resources for the education of pupils participating in programs under this subpart, and not to supplant such funds.’’. 
seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— 
move among the States, not be penalized in any manner by disparities among the States in curriculum, graduation requirements, and State academic standards. 
meet the State academic standards that all children are expected to meet, and graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education and the workforce without the need for remediation. 
fulltime equivalent migratory children aged 3 through 21 residing in the State, based on data for the preceding 3 years; and 
fiscal year, the grant which the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall be eligible to receive under this subpart shall be the amount determined by 
expenditure in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is of the lowest average perpupil expenditure of any of the 50 States, except that the percentage calculated under this subparagraph shall not be less than 85 percent; and 
shall further reduce the amount of any grant to a State under this subpart for any fiscal year if the Secretary determines, based on available information on the numbers and needs of migratory children in the State and the program proposed by the State to address such needs, that such amount exceeds the amount required under section 1134. 
receives a grant of $1,000,000 or less under this section, the Secretary shall consult with the State educational agency to determine whether consortium arrangements with another State or other appropriate entity would result in delivery of services in a more effective and efficient manner. 
amount of such State’s allocation, may submit a consortium arrangement to the Secretary for approval. 
services to add substantially to the educational achievement of children to be served under this subpart. 
number of migratory children residing in each State for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall— 
more accurately reflecting cost factors for different types of summer and intersession program designs; 
migratory children who reside in each State to take into account— 
Federal educational programs serving migratory children, including language instruction educational programs under chapter A of subpart 4; and 
under this subpart with services provided by those other programs; 
funds received under this subpart to promote interstate and intrastate coordination of services for migratory children, including how the State will provide for educational continuity through the timely transfer of pertinent school records, including information on health, when children move from one school to another, whether or not such a move occurs during the regular school year; 
the use of funds received under this subpart, and how such priorities relate to the State’s assessment of needs for services in the State; 
acquisition of equipment, in accordance with section 1136; and 
with similar programs and projects within the State and in other States, as well as with other 
Federal programs that can benefit migratory children and their families; 
parental involvement as is required for programs and projects under section 1118, unless extraordinary circumstances make such provision impractical; and 
projects will be determined, where feasible, using the same approaches and standards that will be used to assess the performance of students, schools, and local educational agencies under subpart 1; 
secondary school students to postsecondary education or employment without the need for remediation; and 
during a school term shall be eligible for services until the end of such term; 
may continue to receive services for one additional school year, but only if comparable services are not available through other programs; and 
‘‘The Secretary shall approve each State application that meets the requirements of this subpart, and may review any such application using a peer review process. 
and address the unique educational needs of migratory children in accordance with a comprehensive State plan that— 
‘‘(ii) the comprehensive State plan is developed in collaboration with parents of migratory children; and 
to supplant State efforts regarding, or administrative funding for, this subpart; 
that are available for migratory children from appropriate local, State, and Federal educational programs; 
such local, State, and Federal programs, including programs under subpart 1, early childhood programs, and language instruction educational programs under chapter A of subpart 4; and 
available under this subpart with services provided by such other programs. 
the State, as necessary, to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this subpart. 
shall be construed to prohibit a local educational agency from serving migratory children simultaneously with students with similar educational needs in the same educational settings, where appropriate. 
‘‘The Secretary may use all or part of any 
State’s allocation under this subpart to make arrangements with any public or private agency to carry out the purpose of this subpart in such State if the Secretary determines that— 
this subsection may be awarded for not more than 5 years. 
States in developing and maintaining an effective system for the electronic transfer of student records and in determining the number of migratory children in each State. 
ensuring that migratory children achieve to the States’s academic standards; and 
‘‘(iv) eligibility for services under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
before updating the data elements that each State receiving funds under this subpart shall be required to collect for purposes of electronic transfer of migratory student information and the requirements that States shall meet for immediate electronic access to such information. 
State educational agency or local educational agency receiving assistance under this subpart shall make student records available to another State educational agency or local educational agency that requests the records at no cost to the requesting agency, if the request is made in order to meet the needs of a migratory child. 
2016, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives the Secretary’s findings and recommendations regarding the maintenance and transfer of health and educational information for migratory students by the States. 
‘‘(iii) recommendations for improving the continuity of services provided for migratory students. 
direct the National Center for Education Statistics to collect data on migratory children. 
State educational agency makes a subgrant under this subpart; 
State educational agency or the Secretary makes an arrangement to carry out a project under this subpart; or 
educational agency operates the State’s migratory education program or projects directly. 
child’ means a child who is, or whose parent or spouse is, a migratory agricultural worker, including a migratory dairy worker, or a migratory fisher, and who, in the preceding 36 months, in order to obtain, or accompany such parent or spouse, in order to obtain, temporary or seasonal employment in agricultural or fishing work— 
school district, has moved from one administrative area to another within such district; or 
15,000 square miles, and migrates a distance of 20 miles or more to a temporary residence to engage in a fishing activity. 
‘‘Subpart 3—Prevention and Intervention Programs for Children and Youth Who Are Neglected, Delinquent, or AtRisk 
the services needed to make a successful transition from institutionalization to further schooling or employment; and 
out of school, and to provide dropouts, and children and youth returning from correctional facilities or institutions for neglected or delinquent children and youth, with a support system to ensure their continued education. 
under this chapter if such State agency is responsible for providing free public education for children and youth— 
‘‘(ii) are enrolled for at least 20 hours per 
‘‘(II) in community day programs for neglected or delinquent children and youth; and 
deadline set by the Secretary, except that no State agency shall be required to determine the number of such children and youth on a specific date set by the Secretary; and 
is appropriate, to reflect the relative length of such agency’s annual programs. 
pupil expenditure in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is of the lowest average perpupil expenditure of any of the 50 States; and 
that a State agency does not need the full amount of the subgrant for which such State agency is eligible under this chapter for any fiscal year, the State educational agency may reallocate the amount that will not be needed to other eligible State agencies that need additional funds to carry out the purpose of this chapter, in such amounts as the State educational agency shall determine. 
agency that desires to receive a grant under this chapter shall submit, for approval by the Secretary, a plan— 
and youth from correctional facilities to locally operated programs; and 
children will have the same opportunities to achieve as such children would have if such children were in the schools of local educational agencies in the State; 
chapter will be carried out in accordance with the State plan described in this subsection; 
subgrants under this chapter comply with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. 
the State, as necessary, to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this chapter. 
shall approve each State plan that meets the requirements of this chapter. 
any State plan with the assistance and advice of individuals with relevant expertise. 
agency that desires to receive funds to carry out a program under this chapter shall submit an application to the State educational agency that— 
services available to children and youth in adult correctional institutions, priority will be given to such children and youth who are likely to complete incarceration within a 2year period; 
for the first year of the program, with annual updates to be provided to the State educational agency; 
youth prior to and after their incarceration to ensure that student assessments and appropriate academic records are shared jointly between the correctional facility and the local educational agency or alternative education program; 
development will be provided to teachers and other staff; 
correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth to be responsible for issues relating to the transition of such children and youth from such facility or institution to locally operated programs; 
agency will assist in locating alternative programs through which students can continue their education if the students are not returning to school after leaving the correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth; 
agency will work with children and youth with disabilities in order to meet an existing individualized education program and an assurance that the agency will notify the child’s or youth’s local school if the child or youth— 
agency will work with children and youth who dropped out of school before entering the correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth to encourage the children and youth to reenter school and obtain a regular high school diploma once the term of the incarceration is completed, or provide the child or youth with the skills necessary to gain employment, continue the education of the child or youth, or obtain a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent if the child or youth does not intend to return to school; 
teachers and other qualified staff are trained to work with children and youth with disabilities and other students with special needs taking into consideration the unique needs of such students; 
provided to children and youth, such as career counseling, distance education, and assistance in securing student loans and grants; and 
under this chapter will be coordinated with any programs operated under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) or other comparable programs, if applicable. 
funds received under this chapter only for programs and projects that— 
with the knowledge and skills needed to make a successful transition to secondary school completion, career and technical education, further education, or employment without the need for remediation. 
section 1156, are provided to children and youth identified by the State agency as failing, or most atrisk of failing, to meet the State’s academic standards; 
the educational services provided to such children and youth by the State agency; and 
‘‘(iii) afford such children and youth an opportunity to meet State academic standards; and 
under this chapter that supplements the number of hours of instruction students receive from State and local sources shall be considered to comply with the supplement, not supplant requirement of section 1120A (as applied to this chapter) without regard to the subject areas in which instruction is given during those hours. 
‘‘A State agency that provides free public education for children and youth in an institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth (other than an adult correctional institution) or attending a community day program for such children and youth may use funds received under this chapter to serve all children in, and upgrade the entire educational effort of, that institution or program if the State agency has developed, and the State educational agency has approved, a comprehensive plan for that institution or program that— 
of the educational needs of all children and youth in the institution or program serving juveniles; 
of the educational needs of youth aged 20 and younger in adult facilities who are expected to complete incarceration within a 2year period; 
taken, or will take, to provide all children and youth under age 21 with the opportunity to meet State academic standards in order to improve the likelihood that the children and youth will complete secondary school, obtain a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent, or find employment after leaving the institution; 
that will be used to assess and improve student achievement; 
and will implement and evaluate, the institutionwide or programwide project in consultation with personnel providing direct instructional services and support services in institutions or community day programs for neglected or delinquent children and youth, and with personnel from the State educational agency; and 
agency has provided for appropriate training for teachers and other instructional and administrative personnel to enable such teachers and personnel to carry out the project effectively. 
project under this chapter in which individual children or youth are likely to participate for more than one year, the State educational agency may approve the State agency’s application 
for a subgrant under this chapter for a period of 
children and youth from Stateoperated institutions to schools served by local educational agencies; or 
higher education and private or public employers partner to create programs to help students make a successful transition to postsecondary education and employment; and 
youth in a university, college, or junior college program; 
percent of the amount reserved under section 1141 to provide technical assistance to and support State agency programs assisted under this chapter. 
‘‘The purpose of this chapter is to support the 
operation of local educational agency programs that involve collaboration with locally operated correctional facilities— 
children and youth returning from correctional facilities, and programs which may serve atrisk children and youth. 
agency that serves a school operated by a correctional facility is not required to operate a program of support for children and youth returning from such school to a school that is not operated by a correctional agency but served by such local educational agency, if more than 30 percent of the children and youth attending the school operated by the correctional facility will reside outside the boundaries served by the local educational agency after leaving such facility. 
agency shall notify local educational agencies within the State of the eligibility of such agencies to receive a subgrant under this chapter. 
Transitional and supportive programs operated in local educational agencies under this chapter shall be designed primarily to meet the transitional and academic needs of students returning to local educational agencies or alternative education programs from correctional facilities. Services to students atrisk of dropping out of school shall not have a negative impact on meeting the transitional and academic needs of the students returning from correctional facilities. 
‘‘Each local educational agency desiring assistance under this chapter shall submit an application to the State educational agency that contains such information as the State educational agency may require. Each such application shall include— 
school programs serving children and youth involved with the juvenile justice system; 
participating schools for children and youth returning from correctional facilities and, as appropriate, the types of services that such schools will provide such children and youth and other atrisk children and youth; 
schools will coordinate with existing social, health, and other services to meet the needs of students returning from correctional facilities and atrisk children or youth, including prenatal health care and nutrition services related to the health of the parent and the child or youth, parenting and child development classes, child care, targeted reentry and outreach programs, referrals to community resources, and scheduling flexibility; 
program will involve parents in efforts to improve the educational achievement of their children, assist in dropout prevention activities, and 
prevent the involvement of their children in delinquent activities; 
this chapter will be coordinated with other Federal, State, and local programs, such as programs under title I of Public Law 105–220 and career and technical education programs serving atrisk children and youth; 
coordinated with programs operated under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 and other comparable programs, if applicable; 
schools will work with probation officers to assist in meeting the needs of children and youth returning from correctional facilities; 
schools will make to ensure correctional facilities working with children and youth are aware of a child’s or youth’s existing individualized education program; and 
participating schools will take to find alternative placements for children and youth interested in continuing their education but unable to participate in a traditional public school program. 
educational agencies under this chapter may be used, as appropriate, for— 
returning to local schools from correctional facilities, to assist in the transition of such children and youth to the school environment and help them remain in school in order to complete their education; 
services for such individuals if there is a likelihood that the provision of such services, including day care, drug and alcohol counseling, and mental health services, will improve the likelihood such individuals will complete their education; 
programs in the correctional facility are coordinated with the student’s home school, particularly with respect to a student with an individualized education program under part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
need of special education services while in the correctional facility, notify the local school of the child or youth of such need; 
high school diploma once their term at the correctional facility has been completed, or provide such children and youth with the skills necessary to gain employment or seek a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent; 
correctional facility are related to assisting students to meet the States’s academic standards; 
assist in coordinating educational programs between the correctional facility and the community school; 
to improve the educational achievement of their children and prevent the further involvement of such children in delinquent activities; 
chapter with other local, State, and Federal funds available to provide services to participating children and youth, such as funds made available under title I of Public Law 105–220, and career and technical education funds; 
chapter with activities funded under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 and other comparable programs, if applicable; 
projects under this chapter if a local educational agency does not show progress in the number of children and youth obtaining a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent. 
agency or local educational agency that conducts a program under chapter A or B shall evaluate the program, disaggregating data on participation by gender, race, ethnicity, and age, while protecting individual student privacy, not less than once every 3 years, to determine the program’s impact on the ability of participants— 
equivalency requirements) and obtain employment after leaving the correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth; and 
section to plan and improve subsequent programs for participating children and youth. 
term ‘adult correctional institution’ means a facility in which persons (including persons under 21 years of age) are confined as a result of a conviction for a criminal offense. 
with respect to a child, youth, or student, means a schoolaged individual who— 
‘community day program’ means a regular program of instruction provided by a State agency at a community day school operated specifically for neglected or delinquent children and youth. 
other than a foster home, that is operated for the care of children who have been committed to the institution or voluntarily placed in the institution under applicable State law, due to abandonment, neglect, or death of their parents or guardians; or 
the care of children who have been adjudicated to be delinquent or in need of supervision. 
educational agencies, and schools in establishing, implementing, and sustaining high quality, flexible, evidencebased language instruction educational programs designed to assist in teaching English learners, including immigrant children and youth; 
local educational agencies to develop and enhance their capacity to provide highquality, evidencebased instructional programs designed to prepare English learners, including immigrant children and youth, to enter allEnglish instruction settings; and 
diverse needs of English learners, including in how to implement evidencebased programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this chapter, including assistance in— 
based language instruction educational programs and curricula for teaching English learners; 
State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and implementing, measures of English proficiency; and 
this chapter, as determined by the Secretary, for activities, approved by the Secretary, consistent with this chapter; and 
activities under sections 1211 and 1222, except that not more than $2,000,000 of such amount may be reserved for the National Clearinghouse for English Language Acquisition and Language Instruction Educational Programs described in section 1222. 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same relationship to 20 percent of the remainder as the number of immigrant children and youth in the State bears to the number of such children and youth in all States, as determined based only on data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Department of Commerce. 
1193, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geographic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
receiving a subgrant under this chapter to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipient’s capacity to continue to offer highquality evidencebased language instruction educational programs that assist English learners in meeting State academic standards; 
its programs and activities under this chapter with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appropriate; 
will be given the flexibility to teach English learners— 
the agency, as necessary, to reflect changes to the agency’s strategies and programs carried out under this subpart. 
agency amends the plan, the agency shall submit such amendment to the Secretary. 
such amendment to an approved plan, unless the Secretary determines that the amendment will result in the agency not meeting the requirements, or fulfilling the purposes, of this subpart. 
shall provide technical assistance, if requested by the State, in the development of English proficiency standards and assessments. 
bears to the population of English learners in schools served by all eligible entities in the State. 
that satisfy the requirement of such paragraph but have limited or no experience in serving immigrant children and youth; and 
plan under section 1195 and ensure that each subgrant is of sufficient size and scope to meet the purposes of this subpart. 
locally designed, evidencebased activities to expand or enhance existing language instruction educational programs and academic content instruction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
school, schoolwide programs for restructuring, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and academic content instruction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
for a fiscal year shall use not more than 2 percent of such funds for the cost of administering this chapter. 
professional development to classroom teachers (including teachers in classroom settings that are not the settings of language instruction educational programs), school leaders, administrators, and other school or communitybased organization personnel, that is— 
English language proficiency or substantially increasing the subject matter knowledge, teaching knowledge, and teaching skills of teachers; and 
(which shall not include activities such as one day or shortterm workshops and conferences) to have a positive and lasting impact on the teachers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an activity that is one component of a longterm, comprehensive professional development plan established by a teacher and the teacher’s supervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency employing the teacher, as appropriate; and 
based activities and strategies that enhance or supplement language instruction educational programs for English learners, including parental and community engagement activities and strategies that serve to coordinate and align related programs. 
English learners by identifying, acquiring, and upgrading curricula, instruction materials, educational software, and assessment procedures. 
school or secondary school language instruction educational programs that are coordinated with other relevant programs and services. 
to improve their academic achievement and becoming active participants in the education of their children. 
training activities designed to assist parents to become active participants in the education of their children; 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
based organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents of immigrant children and youth by offering comprehensive community services. 
a State educational agency under this chapter, an eligible entity shall select one or more methods or forms of instruction to be used in the programs and activities undertaken by the entity to assist English learners to attain English language proficiency and meet State academic standards. 
funds made available under this chapter shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would have been expended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds. 
entity desiring a subgrant from the State educational agency under section 1193 shall submit a plan to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. 
activities proposed to be developed, implemented, and administered under the subgrant that will help English learners increase their English language proficiency and meet the State academic standards; 
any State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learners, consistent with sections 1205 and 1206. 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under chapter A shall provide such agency, at the conclusion of every second fiscal year during which the subgrant is received, with a report, in a form prescribed by the agency, on the activities conducted and students served under this subpart that includes— 
English learners in learning the English language and in meeting State academic standards; 
the language instruction educational programs based on their attainment of English language proficiency and transitioned to classrooms not tailored for English learners; 
English learners in meeting the State academic standards for each of the 2 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this subpart; 
learners who have not attained English language proficiency within five years of initial classification as an English learner and first enrollment in the local educational agency; and 
and activities in assisting children who are English learners— 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report— 
serve English learners under this subpart, and the effectiveness of such programs and activities in improving the academic achievement and English language proficiency of English learners; 
effective teachers working in language instruction educational programs and educating English learners, and an estimate of the number of such teachers that will be needed for the succeeding 5 fiscal years; 
from other reports submitted to the Secretary under this subpart when applicable. 
serving the educational needs of English learners, the Secretary shall coordinate and ensure close cooperation with other entities carrying out programs serving languageminority and English learners that are administered by the Department and other agencies. The Secretary shall report to the Congress on parallel Federal programs in other agencies and departments. 
agency to establish, continue, or eliminate any particular type of instructional program for English learners; or 
negate or supersede State law, or the legal authority under State law of any State agency, State entity, or State public official, over programs that are under the jurisdiction of the State agency, entity, or official. 
a manner inconsistent with any Federal law guaranteeing a civil right. 
shall neither mandate nor preclude the use of a particular curricular or pedagogical approach to educating English learners. 
subpart, programs authorized under this subpart that serve Native American (including Native American Pacific Islander) children and children in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico may include programs of instruction, teacher training, curriculum development, evaluation, and assessment designed for Native American children learning and studying Native American languages and children of limited Spanish proficiency, except that an outcome of programs serving such children shall be increased English proficiency among such children. 
instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants involved; 
increase parent and community member engagement in the education of English learners; and 
practices in the instruction of English learners and in increasing their student achievement. 
term ‘communitybased organization’ means a private nonprofit organization of demonstrated effectiveness, Indian tribe, or tribally sanctioned educational authority, that is representative of a community or significant segments of a community and that provides educational or related services to individuals in the community. Such 
term includes a Native Hawaiian or Native American Pacific Islander native language educational organization. 
in consortia (or collaboration) with an institution of higher education, communitybased organization, or State educational agency. 
schools in any one or more States for more than 3 full academic years. 
means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Native village or Regional Corporation or Village Corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, that is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘language instruction educational program’ means an instruction course— 
English and a child’s native language to enable the child to develop and attain English language proficiency, and may include the participation of English language proficient children if such course is designed to enable all participating children to become proficient in English and a second language. 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
and information clearinghouses and entities operating Federal dissemination networks and systems; 
academic progress of English learners in language instruction educational programs, including information on academic content and English language proficiency assessments for language instruction educational programs; and 
‘‘In developing regulations under this subpart, the Secretary shall consult with State educational agencies and local educational agencies, organizations representing English learners, and organizations representing teachers and other personnel involved in the education of English learners. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to address 
the unique needs of rural school districts that frequently— 
amounts too small to be effective in meeting their intended purposes. 
‘‘(II) each county in which a school served by 
the local educational agency is located has a total population density of fewer than 10 persons per square mile; and 
‘‘(ii) all of the schools served by the local educational agency are designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; or 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2013; and 
State educational agency elects not to participate in the program under this subpart or does not have an application submitted under section 1237 approved, a specially qualified agency in such State desiring a grant under this subpart may submit an application under such section directly to the Secretary to receive an award under this subpart. 
In this subpart, the term ‘specially qualified agency’ means an eligible local educational 
agency served by a State educational agency that does not participate in a program under this subpart in a fiscal year, that may apply directly to the Secretary for a grant in such year under this subsection. 
shall be eligible to receive a grant under this subpart if— 
through 17 years served by the local educational agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; and 
are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, 43, as determined by the Secretary. 
number of students in average daily attendance served by the eligible local educational agencies or schools in the State; or 
elementary schools or secondary schools operated or supported by the Bureau of Indian Education, to carry out the activities authorized under this chapter; and 
the outlying areas in accordance with their respective needs, to carry out the activities authorized under this chapter. 
to local educational agencies under this chapter shall be used for activities authorized under any of the following: 
agency or specially qualified agency desiring to receive a grant under this chapter shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. 
qualified agency that receives a grant under this chapter shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary. The report shall describe— 
agency is eligible for funding under chapters A and B of this subpart, such local educational agency may receive funds under either chapter A or chapter B for a fiscal year, but may not receive funds under both chapters. 
agency eligible for both chapters A and B of this subpart shall notify the Secretary and the State educational agency under which of such chapters such local educational agency intends to receive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is established by the Secretary for the notification. 
educational agency desiring a grant under section 1231 and each local educational agency or specially qualified agency desiring a grant under chapter B shall— 
conduct a census to determine the number of students in average daily attendance in kindergarten through grade 12 at the schools served by the agency; and 
chapter B shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local education funds. 
prohibit a local educational agency that enters into cooperative arrangements with other local educational agencies for the provision of special, compensatory, or other education services, pursuant to State law or a written agreement, from entering into similar arrangements for the use, or the coordination of the use, of the funds made available under this subpart.’’. 
title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). Subtitle D—National Assessment 
6491 et seq.) is redesignated as part B of title I. 
(20 U.S.C. 6491; 6493) are redesignated as sections 1301 and 1302, respectively. 
1301 (20 U.S.C. 6491), as so redesignated, is amended— 
through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences (in this section and section 1302 referred to as the ‘Director’),’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
the proficient’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘meet State academic standards.’’; 
2001’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘part A’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart 1 of part A’’; 
delivering school services, including schoolwide and targeted services.’’; and 
1302 (20 U.S.C. 6493), as so redesignated, is amended— 
Statedefined level of proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘toward meeting the State academic standards’’; and 
nonlimited English proficient students’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners and nonEnglish learners’’; and 
Part I of title I (20 U.S.C. 6571 et seq.)— 
Federal Register proposed regulations to carry out this title, the Secretary shall obtain the advice and recommendations of representatives of Federal, State, and local administrators, parents, teachers, and members of local school boards and other organizations involved with the implementation and operation of programs under this title, including those representatives and members nominated by local and national stakeholder representatives. 
Such advice and recommendations may be obtained through such mechanisms as regional meetings and electronic exchanges of information. Such regional meetings and electronic exchanges of information shall be public and notice of such meetings and exchanges shall be provided to interested stakeholders. 
such advice and recommendations, and before publishing proposed regulations, the Secretary shall— 
process from among individuals or groups that provided advice and recommendations, including representation from all geographic regions of the United States, in such numbers as will provide an equitable balance between representatives of parents and students and representatives of educators and education officials; and 
a rulemaking process, the Secretary shall provide to Congress, including the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, notice that shall include— 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regulations will have on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulations; and 
proposed regulation shall be 90 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case such period shall be not less than 45 days and the Secretary shall— 
review period in such notice and in the Federal Register. 
the comment and review period until the Secretary has published in the Federal Register an independent assessment (which shall include a representative sampling of local educational agencies based on local educational agency enrollment, urban, suburban, or rural character, and other factors impacted by the proposed regulation) of— 
paperwork burden, the regulation will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
this title may not require local programs to follow a particular instructional model, such as the provision of services outside the regular classroom or school program. 
that an accurate and reliable record of agreements reached during the negotiations process is maintained. 
policies to which the State’s local educational agencies and schools are subject; 
accounting requirements in order to facilitate the ability of schools to consolidate funds under schoolwide programs; 
requirements between the State and Federal rules or regulations; 
the Secretary and determine which Federal or State rule or regulation shall be followed. 
regulations, and policies under this title shall support and facilitate local educational agency and schoollevel systemic reform designed to enable all children to meet the State academic standards. 
agency that receives funds under this title shall create a State committee of practitioners to advise the State in carrying out its responsibilities under this title. 
shall include a review, before publication, of any proposed or final State rule or regulation pursuant to this title. In an emergency situation where such rule or regulation must be issued within a very limited time to assist local educational agencies with the operation of the program under this title, the State educational agency may issue a regulation without prior consultation, but shall immediately thereafter convene the State committee of practitioners to review the emergency regulation before issuance in final form. 
mandate or prohibit equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. TITLE II—TEACHER PREPARATION AND 
U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide grants 
to State educational agencies and subgrants to local educational agencies to— 
educational agency so chooses, develop and implement teacher evaluation systems that use, in part, student achievement data to determine teacher effectiveness. 
outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; and 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same relationship to 50 percent of the funds as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
‘‘(ii) S PECIAL RULE .—For a fiscal year for 
receive a grant under this subpart, the State educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such a manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, which shall include the following: 
timeline, the State educational agency will allocate subgrants under subpart 2 to local educational agencies. 
State educational agency will work with local educational agencies in the State to develop or implement a teacher or school leader evaluation system. 
agency will comply with section 6501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(iii) the Federal Bureau of Investigation fingerprint check using the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System; 
‘‘(iv) the National Sex Offender Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); and 
policies and procedures that prohibit employing as a school employee an individual who— 
‘‘(iii) has been convicted of a felony, consisting of— 
‘‘(VII) arson; or ‘‘(VIII) physical assault, battery, or a drug 
related offense, committed on or after the date that is 5 years before the date of the individual’s criminal background check; 
on a State sex offender registry or the National Sex Offender Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); 
policies and procedures for States, local educational agencies, or schools to provide the results of background checks to— 
checks in a statement that indicates whether the individual is ineligible for such employment due to the background check and includes information regulated to each disqualifying crime; 
‘‘(ii) the employer in a statement that indicates whether a school employee is eligible or ineligible for employment, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; 
another State, as permitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; and 
same State or another State that is considering such school employee for employment, as permitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; and 
mechanisms to assist local educational agencies and schools in effectively recognizing and quickly responding to incidents of child abuse by school employees. 
finally disapprove an application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
that an application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such notification, shall— 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
make subgrants to local educational agencies under subpart 2; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State educational agency 
implementing a statewide teacher evaluation system, implementing such evaluation system; 
not implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, the development and implementation of a school leader evaluation system; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State educational agency 
implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, implementing such evaluation system; and 
State to address any teacher workforce shortages in highneed subjects, including in science, technology, engineering, math, computer science, and foreign languages. 
this subpart, a local educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency involved at such time, in such a manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require that, at a minimum, shall include the following: 
the local educational agency under this subpart will be evidencebased, improve student academic achievement, and improve teacher and school leader effectiveness; and 
agency will work with parents, teachers, school leaders, and other staff of the schools served by the local educational agency in developing and implementing a teacher evaluation system. 
local educational agency will develop and implement a teacher or school leader evaluation system. 
agency will comply with section 6501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
subgrant under this subpart may use such funds for— 
from a variety of sources as a significant factor in determining a teacher’s evaluation, with the weight given to such data defined by the local educational agency; 
leaders, teachers, and other staff of schools served by the local educational agency; 
located in a State implementing a statewide teacher evaluation system, implementing such evaluation system; 
located in a State implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, to implement such evaluation system; 
located in a State not implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, the development and implementation of a school leader evaluation system; 
school leaders, and if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel that is evidence based, jobembedded, and continuous, such as— 
school leaders identified as in need of additional support through data provided by a teacher or school leader evaluation system, as appropriate; 
current science of learning, which includes research on positive brain change and cognitive skill development; 
interdisciplinary, and projectbased teaching strategies, including for career and technical education teachers and teachers of computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects; or 
dual credit, dual enrollment, Advanced Placement, or International Baccalaureate postsecondarylevel courses to secondary school students; 
educational agency may use not more than 10 percent of such funds for this purpose. 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under subpart 2 shall submit to the State educational agency involved, on an annual basis until the last year in which the local educational agency receives such subgrant funds, a report on— 
implementing a teacher or school leader evaluation system, the results of such evaluation system, except that such report shall not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual teacher or school leader; and 
educational agency may require, as long as student and teacher privacy is maintained. 
State educational agency receiving a grant under subpart 1 shall submit to the Secretary a report, on an annual basis until the last year in which the State educational agency receives such grant funds, on— 
meeting the purposes of this part described in section 2101; and 
local educational agencies in carrying out activities under this part; and 
Sciences, conduct national evaluations of activities carried out by State educational agencies and local educational agencies under this part. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘State’ means each of 
‘‘A local educational agency or State educational agency shall be ineligible for funds under this Act if such agency knowingly facilitates the transfer of any employee if the agency knows, or has probable cause to believe, that the employee engaged in sexual misconduct with a student.’’. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve student academic achievement by— 
local educational agencies, schools, teachers, and school leaders to pursue innovative and evidencebased practices to help all students meet the State’s academic standards; and 
school leaders who are effective in increasing student academic achievement. 
outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; and 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
an allotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such application shall— 
the agency responsible for the administration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding subgrants in a timely manner to eligible entities under section 2221 on a competitive basis; 
agency will take to ensure that eligible entities use subgrants received under section 2221 to carry out programs that implement effective strategies, including by providing ongoing technical assistance and training, and disseminating evidencebased and other effective strategies to such eligible entities; 
will be coordinated with other programs under this Act; and 
knowledge and teaching skills necessary to help students meet the State’s academic standards; and 
leadership skills to help teachers instruct and students learn. 
‘‘(ii) Improving the quality of teacher preparation programs within the State, including through the use of appropriate student achievement data and other factors to evaluate the quality of teacher preparation programs within the State. 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification or licensure of teachers and school leaders, including such programs for— 
‘‘(II) former military personnel; and ‘‘(III) recent graduates of an institution of 
higher education, with a record of academic distinction, who demonstrate the potential to become effective teachers or school leaders. 
‘‘(II) strategies that provide differential, incentive, or bonus pay for teachers and school leaders; or 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths and pay differentiation. 
in developing, new, evidencebased teacher and school leader induction and mentoring programs that are designed to— 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective teachers and school leaders. ‘‘(vi) Providing professional development for 
teachers and school leaders that is focused on improving teaching and student academic achievement, including for students with different learning styles, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, gifted and talented students, and other special populations. 
‘‘(vii) Providing training and technical assistance to eligible entities that receive a subgrant under section 2221. 
‘‘(ii) MATCHING REQUIREMENT .—A State educational agency shall not provide funds under this subparagraph to support the establishment or expansion of a teacher or school leader preparation academy unless the academy agrees to provide, either directly or through private contributions, nonFederal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of the funds the academy will receive under this subparagraph. 
more than 5 percent of funds provided to a teacher or school leader preparation academy under this subparagraph may be used to support activities of State authorizers for such academy. 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such notification, shall— 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
during the 45day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
subgrant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
comply with section 6501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
under this section, a State educational agency shall use a peer review process or other methods of assuring the quality of such applications but the review shall only judge the likelihood of the activity to increase student academic achievement. The reviewers shall not make a determination based on the policy of the proposed activity. 
subgrant under this section shall provide, either directly or through private contributions, non Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of the subgrant. 
to assist in recruiting, hiring, and retaining highly effective teachers and school leaders, including initiatives that provide— 
‘‘(ii) performancebased pay systems for teachers and school leaders; 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths and pay differentiation; 
and mentoring programs that are designed to improve instruction, student academic achievement, and to increase teacher and school leader retention; and 
leader residency programs, designed to develop and support new teachers or new school leaders, respectively; 
other fields, including individuals from computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and math fields, midcareer professionals from other occupations, and former military personnel; 
model instructional programs to ensure that all children meet the State’s academic standards; 
continuous professional development for teachers and school leaders focused on improving teaching and student academic achievement; 
dual credit, dual enrollment, Advanced Placement, or International Baccalaureate postsecondarylevel courses to secondary school students; and 
as necessary by the local educational agency that meet the purpose of this part. 
program or activity developed pursuant to this section to meet the principles of effectiveness, such program or activity shall— 
data regarding the need for programs and activities in the elementary schools and secondary schools served to increase the number of teachers and school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement; 
absence of a strong research base, reflect effective strategies in the field, that provide evidence that the program or activity will improve student academic achievement; and 
each teacher or school leader preparation academy that receives funds under this part shall undergo a periodic evaluation by the State educational agency involved to assess such entity’s or such academy’s progress toward achieving the purposes of this part. 
Each eligible entity and each teacher or school leader preparation academy that receives funds from a State educational agency under this part shall prepare and submit annually to such State educational agency a report that includes— 
school leader preparation academy, respectively, is using such funds; and 
State educational agency that receives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit, annually, to the Secretary a report that includes— 
educational agency in meeting the purposes of this part described in section 2201; 
eligible entities in carrying out activities under this part; and 
Sciences, conduct national evaluations of activities carried out by States and eligible entities under this part. 
consortium of such institutions in partnership with a local educational agency or consortium of local educational agencies; 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consortium of State educational agencies); and 
leader preparation academy’ means a public or private entity, or a nonprofit or forprofit organization, which may be an institution of higher education or an organization affiliated with an institution of higher education, that will prepare teachers or school leaders to serve in schools, and that— 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
school leaders who are enrolled in a teacher or school leader preparation academy receive a significant part of their training through clinical preparation that partners the prospective candidate with an effective teacher or school leader, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing or producing high student achievement, while also receiving concurrent instruction from the academy in the content area (or areas) in which the prospective teacher or school leader will become certified or licensed; 
leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate success in increasing or producing high student achievement that the academy will produce; and 
leader preparation academy will only award a certificate of completion after the graduate demonstrates that the graduate is an effective teacher or school leader, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing or producing high student achievement, except that an academy may award a provisional certificate for the period necessary to allow the graduate to demonstrate such effectiveness; 
the academy will use to train prospective teacher or school leader candidates, including— 
faculty to hold advanced degrees or conduct academic research; 
course credits required as part of the program of study; 
coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have successfully passed all relevant Stateapproved content area examinations; or 
the State may recognize as at least the equivalent of a master’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and promotion in the State. 
‘teacher residency program’ means a school based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
an effective teacher, as determined by a teacher evaluation system implemented under part A, who is the teacher of record; 
2366 and transferring such section to appear after section 2365 (as so redesignated). 
agency’ includes a charter school (as defined in section 6101) that, in the absence of this section, would not have received funds under this title. 
‘‘At the beginning of each school year, a local 
educational agency that receives funds under this title shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this title that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers. 
to supplement, and not supplant, nonFederal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this title.’’. 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by repealing sections 201 through 204. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended to 
student achievement, families, and communities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
school authorizing process to improve performance management, including transparency, oversight, monitoring, and evaluation of such schools; and 
the Secretary to carry out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve elementary school and secondary school students 
and the replication and expansion of highquality charter schools; 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Secretary and Congress that— 
not to be appropriate, makes recommendations on the appropriate reservation of funding for such administrative costs. 
funds for administrative costs which may include technical assistance. 
Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to States that use a weighted lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, educationally disadvantaged students if— 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
State entity receiving a grant under this section, shall use a peer review process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
the purpose of awarding grants under this section in the fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
grant period of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity, review whether the State entity is using the grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds and whether the full amount of the grant will be needed for the remainder of the grant period and may, as determined necessary based on that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities during the succeeding grant competition under this section. 
such a waiver will promote the purposes of this subpart. 
a grant to a State entity under this section in a case in which such award would result in more than 1 grant awarded under this section being carried out in a State at the same time. 
receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
of the State entity’s objectives under this section and how the objectives of the State entity’s quality charter school program will be carried out, including a description— 
schools, replicated, highquality charter school models, or expanded, highquality charter schools, and a description of the proposed number of each type of charter school or model, if applicable, to be opened under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) will inform eligible charter schools, developers, and authorized public chartering agencies of the availability of funds under the program; 
‘‘(iii) will work with eligible applicants to ensure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that they are eligible to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending the charter schools— 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and 
such programs, including students with disabilities and English learners; 
assist students enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to attend other high quality schools; 
agency and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
agency to adequately operate the State entity’s program under this section, where applicable; 
receives a subgrant under the State entity’s program to open and prepare to operate a new charter school, a replicated, highquality charter school model, or an expanded, highquality charter school— 
school or model, in a manner consistent with the eligible applicant’s application, after the subgrant funds have expired; 
educational agencies with large numbers of schools identified by the State for improvement, including supporting the use of charter schools to improve, or in turning around, struggling schools; 
‘‘(viii) will work with charter schools to promote inclusion of all students, including eliminating any barriers to enrollment for foster youth or unaccompanied homeless youth, and support all students once they are enrolled to promote retention including through the use of fair disciplinary practice; 
‘‘(ix) will work with charter schools on recruitment practices, including efforts to engage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to participate in charter schools, and to ensure such schools do not have in effect policies or procedures that may create barriers to enrollment of students, including educationally disadvantaged students, and are in compliance with all Federal and State laws on enrollment practices; 
between charter schools and other public schools, including, where appropriate, instruction and professional development in science, 
technology, engineering, and math education, including computer science, and other subjects; 
funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including 
‘‘(xiii) in the case of a State entity not described in clause (xiv), will provide oversight of authorizing activity, including how the State will help ensure better authorizing, such as by establishing authorizing standards that may include approving, actively monitoring, and reapproving or revoking the authority of an authorized public chartering agency based on the performance of the charter schools authorized by such agency in the areas of student achievement, student safety, financial and operational management, and compliance with all applicable statutes and regulations; 
‘‘(xiv) in the case of a State entity defined in 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools, replicated, highquality charter school models, or expanded, highquality charter schools; 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as a contract or performance agreement, how a school’s performance in the State’s academic accountability system will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and how the State entity and the authorized public chartering agency involved will reserve the right to revoke or not renew a school’s charter based on financial, structural, or operational factors involving the management of the school; 
‘‘(III) a description of how the eligible applicant will solicit and consider input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; and 
and expenditures for the subgrant funds for purposes of opening and preparing to operate a new charter school, a replicated, highquality charter school model, or an expanded, high quality charter school, and how the school or model will maintain financial sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity will 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program consider the transportation 
description of how the assurances will be met, that— 
under the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations; 
school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including students with disabilities and English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) ensures that each such charter school solicits and considers input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of the school; 
underserved students, including students with disabilities and English learners, at rates similar to traditional public schools; 
schools, including, as appropriate, graduation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, annual audits of financial statements conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the charter school and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as through renewal, nonrenewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decisionmaking about the public school system in the State; and 
charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program makes publicly available, consistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options available to their children, including information for each school on— 
justification for waivers of any Federal statutory or regulatory provisions that the State entity believes are necessary for the successful operation of the charter schools that will receive 
State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under the law; 
objectives for the quality charter school program carried out under this section; 
receiving subgrants under the program will meet those objectives and improve educational results for students; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public chartering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and authorized public chartering agencies; and 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to State entities to the extent that they meet the following criteria: 
a local educational agency to be an authorized public chartering agency for developers seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
the only authorized public chartering agencies and that has an appeals process for the denial of an application for a charter school; 
that does not impose any limitation on the number or percentage of charter schools that may exist or the number or percentage of students that may attend charter schools in the State. 
ensures equitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, for charter schools and students in a prompt manner. 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local educational agencies. 
that support atrisk students through activities such as dropout prevention, dropout recovery, or comprehensive career counseling practices. 
schools in the State to serve as school food authorities. 
that its State provides charter schools one or more of the following: 
‘‘(iii) Access to public facilities. ‘‘(iv) The right of first refusal to purchase 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5year grant period and at the end of such grant period, a report on— 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, how many new students were served during each year of the subgrant period; 
ensured that eligible applicants complied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
this section to carry out each of the following: 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program to foster community involvement in the planning for and opening of such schools. 
possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
by a State governmental entity, a description of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding the charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
renovation, repair, or alteration of existing facilities, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such account shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by providing technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the recruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit of 
schools served during the reporting period, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance provided to the charter schools; 
OBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds which may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
not be construed to impair or affect the authority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a program in which a State makes payments, on a perpupil basis, to charter schools to provide the schools with financing— 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
year for which the program receives assistance under this subsection; 
under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations to provide up to 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering the perpupil facilities aid program. 
more than 1 grant under this subsection, so long as the amount of such funds provided to charter 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per pupil facilities aid programs, operations financing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
clause (ii), to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
program, including the impact on student achievement, carried out under this subpart. 
basis of the quality of the applications submitted under this subsection; and 
quality charter schools within the network of the eligible applicant; 
of charter schools that have been closed, had their charter revoked for compliance issues, or had their affiliation with such eligible applicant revoked; 
‘‘(IV) has sufficient procedures in effect to ensure timely closure of lowperforming or financially mismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in effect for the students in such schools to attend other highquality schools; and 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
may carry out any of the activities described in this section directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. 
ensure that administrators, teachers, and other individuals directly involved in the operation of charter schools are consulted in the development of any rules or regulations required to implement this subpart, as well as in the development of any rules or regulations relevant to charter schools that are required to implement part A of title I, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, or any other program administered by the Secretary that provides education funds to charter schools or regulates the activities of charter schools. 
each authorized public chartering agency shall ensure that implementation of this subpart results in a minimum of paperwork for any eligible applicant or charter school. 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and oversight. 
an individual or group of individuals (including a public or private nonprofit organization), which may include teachers, administrators and other school staff, parents, or other members of the local community in which a charter school project will be carried out. 
agency’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, or other public entity that has the authority pursuant to State law and approved by the Secretary to authorize or approve a charter school. 
charter school’ means a highquality charter school that has either significantly increased its enrollment or added one or more grades to its school. 
term ‘highquality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
student safety, operational and financial management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
increasing student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, consistent with the requirements under title I, for all students served by the charter school; and 
student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, for the groups of 
quality charter school model’ means a high quality charter school that has opened a new campus under an existing charter or an additional charter if required or permitted by State law. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to assist in the 
desegregation of schools served by local educational agencies by providing financial assistance to eligible local educational agencies for— 
of minority group isolation in elementary schools and secondary schools with substantial proportions of minority students, which shall include assisting in the efforts of the United States to achieve voluntary desegregation in public schools; 
magnet school programs that will assist local educational agencies in achieving systemic reforms and providing all students the opportunity to meet State academic standards; 
educational methods and practices that promote diversity and increase choices in public elementary schools and public secondary schools and public educational programs; 
schools that will substantially strengthen the knowledge of academic subjects and the attainment of tangible and marketable career, technical, and professional skills of students attending such schools; 
agencies, including through professional development, to continue operating magnet schools at a high performance level after Federal funding for the magnet schools is terminated; and 
magnet school programs have equitable access to a quality education that will enable the students to succeed academically and continue with postsecondary education or employment. 
‘magnet school’ means a public elementary school, public secondary school, public elementary education center, or public secondary education center that offers a special curriculum capable of attracting substantial numbers of students of different racial backgrounds. 
such agencies where appropriate, is eligible to receive a grant under this subpart to carry out the purpose of this subpart if such agency or consortium— 
has adopted and is implementing, or will, if a grant is awarded to such local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, under this subpart, adopt and implement a plan that has been approved by the Secretary as adequate under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 for the desegregation of minoritygroupsegregated children or faculty in such schools. 
will be used to promote desegregation, including how the proposed magnet school programs will increase interaction among students of different social, economic, ethnic, and racial backgrounds; 
for all students attending the magnet school programs; and 
are consistent with other programs under this Act, and other Acts, as appropriate; and 
race, religion, color, national origin, sex, or disability in— 
employees of the applicant or other personnel for whom the applicant has any administrative responsibility; 
to courses of instruction within the schools, of such applicant, except to carry out the approved plan; and 
that will encourage greater parental decisionmaking and involvement; and 
plans and the magnet school program for which the grant is sought; 
directly related to the development, expansion, continuation, or enhancement of academic programs and services offered at magnet schools; 
and equipment, including computers and the maintenance and operation of materials, equipment, and computers, necessary to conduct programs in magnet schools; 
the compensation, of elementary school and secondary school teachers, and instructional staff where applicable, who are necessary to conduct programs in magnet schools; 
offered to less than the entire student population of a school, for instructional activities that— 
consortium of such agencies, to have more flexibility in the administration of a magnet school program in order to serve students attending a school who are not enrolled in a magnet school program; and 
consortium of such agencies, to have flexibility in designing magnet schools for students in all grades. 
this subpart shall be awarded for a period that shall not exceed 3 fiscal years. 
local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, may expend for planning (professional development shall not be considered to be planning for purposes of this subsection) not more than 50 percent of the grant funds received under this subpart for the first year of the program and not more than 15 percent of such funds for each of the second and third such years. 
or consortium of such agencies, awarded a grant under this subpart shall receive more than $4,000,000 under this subpart for any 1 fiscal year. 
school programs lead to educational quality and academic improvement; 
local educational agencies, communitybased organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the educational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between parents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of children. 
this subpart with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1118 and other provisions of this Act. 
agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and programs to engage families in education. 
directly, parent education and family engagement in education programs. 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the State educational agency and any partner organization outlining the commitment to work with the center. 
building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that includes— 
will take to target services to lowincome students and parents. 
received under this subpart in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and communitybased organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvantaged students, including English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migratory students; 
Center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the Center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and communitybased organizations; 
with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
received under this subpart for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assistance for evidencebased parent education programs; 
agencies and local educational agencies and communitybased organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
and parents, including lowincome students and parents who are not proficient in English. 
student academic achievement, including understanding how they can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in afterschool and extracurricular programs; 
children, teachers, school leaders, counselors, administrators, and other school personnel; 
with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and systemic initiatives that will provide for a continuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school reform efforts; and 
For each fiscal year after the first fiscal year for which an organization or consortium receives assistance under this section, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the application that a portion of the services provided by the organization or consortium is supported through nonFederal contributions, which may be in cash or inkind. 
a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
section shall take any action that infringes in any manner on the right of a parent to direct the education of their children. 
with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with local Indian nonprofit parent organizations to establish and operate Family Engagement Centers. 
the opportunity to access funds to support the initiatives important to their schools and students to improve academic achievement and student engagement, including protecting student safety; and 
the opportunity to work with students to improve academic achievement and student engagement, including student safety. 
national activities to provide technical assistance to eligible entities in carrying out programs under this part; and 
payments to the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Education, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
not more than 17 percent of the amount allotted 
its responsibilities under this part, except that not more than 5 percent of the reserved amount may be used for this purpose. 
grants under this paragraph, a State educational agency shall distribute funds equitably among geographic areas of the State, including rural and urban communities. 
to receive a grant under this paragraph shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time and in such manner as the agency may require, and which describes— 
out by the eligible entity, including the design of the instructional model to be carried out by the eligible entity and how such eligible entity will use funds provided under this paragraph to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity described 
‘‘(iv) how the eligible entity will ensure sufficient information technology is available to carry out the project; 
be provided for teachers, school leaders, and other personnel carrying out the project; 
will use the blended learning project to improve instruction and access to the curriculum for diverse groups of students, including students with disabilities and students who are limited English proficient; 
project in terms of student academic achievement and publicly report the results of such evaluation; and 
project, which shall include at least 1 of the following activities: 
development of new instructional models (including blended learning technology software and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and onetime information technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expenditures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities. 
teachers, school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project. 
‘‘(II) that includes an element of student control over time, path, or pace; and 
‘‘(ii) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a— 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include reviewing how the proposed project will help increase student academic achievement and student engagement; 
highquality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
agency will take to ensure that programs implement effective strategies, including providing ongoing technical assistance and training, and dissemination of evidencebased and other effective strategies; 
technical and advisory assistance and monitoring compliance with this part, the State educational agency has not exercised and will not exercise any influence in the decisionmaking process of eligible entities as to the expenditure of funds received by the eligible entities under this part; 
such an award to submit a plan describing how the project to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends, if applicable; 
grants under such section to eligible entities to carry out blended learning projects; 
waived by the State, consistent with Federal law, for such eligible entities to carry out such projects, which may include waivers with respect to— 
for instructional materials for the purchase of digital instructional resources; 
on demonstrated mastery of learning outcomes, rather than seattime requirements; and 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
the finding of noncompliance, and, in such notification, shall— 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
such as before, after, or summer school activities, tutoring, and expanded learning time, but not including athletics or inschool learning activities. 
such as academic subject specific programs including computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs, arts education, civic education, and adjunct teacher, extendedlearningtime, and dual enrollment programs, and parent engagement, but not including activities to— 
teachers, school leaders, other school officials, or local educational agency staff. 
PRIVATE SCHOOLS .—An eligible entity that receives an award under this part shall ensure compliance with section 6501 (relating to participation of children enrolled in private schools). 
will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other nonFederal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant State, local, or nonFederal funds; 
given notice of an intent to submit an application with an opportunity for comment, and that the application will be available for public review after submission of the application; and 
from any activity funded under this part shall continue to maintain enrollment in a public elementary or secondary school. 
under this section, a State educational agency shall use a peer review process or other methods of assuring the quality of such applications but the review shall be limited to the likelihood that 
the project will increase student academic achievement and student engagement. 
eligible entities that submit an application that meets the requirements of this section in an amount that is not less than $10,000, but there shall be only one annual award granted to any one local educational agency, but such award may be for multiple projects or programs with the local educational agency. 
this part may be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. 
with a communitybased organization, institution of higher education, business entity, or nongovernmental entity; 
local educational agency and, if applicable, a communitybased organization, institution of higher education, or nongovernmental entity. 
agency shall require an application that includes the following information: 
using or will use other State, local, or private funding to support the program or project. 
project will help increase student academic achievement and student engagement, including the evidence to support this claim. 
the program or project is targeting to impact, and if the program will prioritize students in highneed local educational agencies. 
conduct sufficient outreach to ensure students can participate in the program or project. 
work to share evidencebased and other effective strategies from the program or project with local educational agencies and other entities working with students to increase academic achievement. 
applicant receiving a grant under this section shall provide, either directly or through private contributions, nonFederal matching funds equal to not less than 50 percent of the amount of the grant. 
percent of a grant awarded under this section may be used for administrative costs. 
or 3205 shall report to the State educational agency on— 
the program and how the students’ academic achievement improved; and 
striking ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’. 
consolidation of 2 or more districts, at least 1 of which was eligible for assistance under this section for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation, if— 
educational agency notified the Secretary not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
agency includes the designation in its application under section 8005 or any timely amendment to such application. 
Improvement Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior 
to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total student 
enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total student 
enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average perpupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for general fund purposes that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
‘‘(bb) for the 3 fiscal years preceding the fiscal 
‘‘(cc) has a tax rate for general fund purposes 
which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for comparable local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that has a 
total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,500 of such children are 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
(III) by inserting after ‘‘clause (iii)’’ the following ‘‘, or as the direct result of base realignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Secretary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation’’; and 
(IV) by inserting before the period, the following: ‘‘or during such time as activities associated with base closure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are ongoing’’; and 
that is providing a program of distance education to children not residing within the geographic boundaries of the agency, the Secretary shall— 
a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Interior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or movements of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure of 
‘‘(cc) At least 10 percent of the property in the 
agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
local educational agencies in which the number of children determined under section 
those local educational agencies in which more than 10 percent of the property in each such agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
by striking ‘‘in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; and 
by striking ‘‘or under the Act’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1994)’’. 
McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is repealed. 
(20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), as amended by this title, is redesignated as title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), and transferred and inserted after title III (as amended by this Act). 
U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended— 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION. 
Title V of the Act (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
‘‘It is the policy of the United States to fulfill 
the Federal Government’s unique and continuing trust relationship with, and responsibility to, the Indian people for the education of Indian children. The Federal Government will continue to work with local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities toward the goal of ensuring that programs that serve Indian children are of the highest quality and provide for not only the basic elementary and secondary educational needs, but also the unique educational and culturally related academic needs of these children. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support the 
and other staff who serve Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide culturally appropriate and effective instruction to such students. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, and other entities to improve the academic achievement of American Indian and Alaska Native students by providing for their unique cultural, language, and educational needs and ensuring that they are prepared to meet State academic standards. 
section and section 5113, the Secretary may make grants from allocations made under section 5113, to— 
educational agency shall be eligible for a grant under this subpart for any fiscal year if the number of Indian children eligible under section 5117 who were enrolled in the schools of the agency, and to whom the agency provided free public education, during the preceding fiscal year— 
the total number of individuals enrolled in the schools of such agency. 
COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATIONS .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian and Alaska Native communitybased organizations’ means any organizations that— 
members of Indian or Alaska Native students, Indian or Alaska Native community members, tribal government education officials, and tribal members from a specific community; 
academic needs of Indian or Alaska Native students; and 
eligible under section 5117 and served by such agency; and 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent of the average per pupil expenditure of all the States. 
may form a consortium for the purpose of obtaining grants under this subpart. 
were included in average daily attendance for whom such agencies provided free public education during such preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent of the average per pupil expenditure of all the States. 
will offer programs and activities to meet the culturally related academic needs of American Indian and Alaska Native students; 
and local plans submitted under other provisions of this Act; and 
academic achievement goals for such children, and benchmarks for attaining such goals, that are based on State academic content and student academic achievement standards adopted under title I for all children; 
under this subpart will be used for activities described in section 5115; 
opportunities that will be provided, as needed, to ensure that— 
who are new to the Indian or Alaska Native community are prepared to work with Indian and Alaska Native children; 
‘‘(ii) the community served by the local educational agency; and 
local educational agency used to directly involve tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organizations in the development of the comprehensive programs and the results of such process; and 
to ensure that tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organizations will play an active, meaningful, and ongoing role in the functioning of the comprehensive programs. 
funds received under this subpart only to supplement the funds that, in the absence of the Federal funds made available under this subpart, such agency would make available for services described in this subsection, and not to supplant such funds; 
funds received under this subpart only for activities described and authorized under this subpart; 
and submit to the Secretary such reports, in such form and containing such information, as the Secretary may require to— 
carried out with funds provided to the local educational agency under this subpart are effective in improving the educational achievement of Indian and Alaska Native students served by such agency; and 
consultation with the families of Indian or Alaska Native children, Indian or Alaska Native teachers, Indian or Alaska Native students from secondary schools, and representatives of tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organizations in the community including through public hearings held by such agency to provide to the individuals described in this subparagraph a full opportunity to understand the program and to offer recommendations regarding the program; 
the program with the participation and written approval of a committee— 
‘‘(iii) Indian and Alaska Native students attending secondary schools of the agency; 
members of Indian and Alaska Native children that are attending the local educational agency’s schools; 
‘‘(iii) will directly enhance the educational experience of American Indian and Alaska Native students; and 
the conduct of the activities of the committee and abides by such bylaws; and 
educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall use the grant funds, in a manner consistent with the purpose specified in section 5111, for services and activities that— 
language and cultural needs of the Indian students; and 
language immersion programs and Native American language restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
the program described in the application submitted by the local educational agency; 
the acquisition of the equipment is essential to achieve the purpose described in section 5111; 
of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational program of the local educational agency; 
and linguistically relevant curriculum content into classroom instruction that is responsive to the unique learning styles of Indian and Alaska Native children and ensures that children are better able to meet State standards; 
unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
of atrisk Indian students in correctional facilities, including such strategies that support Indian and Alaska Native students who are transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies. 
its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce benefits to the American Indian and Alaska Native students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program. 
Not more than 5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this subpart for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
Funds provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for longdistance travel expenses for training activities available locally or regionally. 
this subpart may submit a plan to the Secretary for the integration of education and related services provided to Indian students. 
section concerning authorizing the services to be integrated in a demonstration project; 
identifies the full range of potential educational opportunities and related services to be provided to assist Indian students to achieve the objectives set forth in this subpart; 
be integrated and delivered and the results expected from the plan; 
or agencies to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; 
and student academic achievement goals designed to be met within a specific period of time; and 
from an eligible entity, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of each Federal department providing funds to be used to implement the plan, and with the entity submitting the plan. The parties so consulting shall identify any waivers of statutory requirements or of Federal departmental regulations, policies, or procedures necessary to enable the entity to implement the plan. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the affected department shall have the authority to waive any regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by that department that has been so identified by the entity or department, unless the Secretary of the affected department determines that such a waiver is inconsistent with the objectives of this subpart or those provisions of the statute from which the program involved derives authority that are specifically applicable to Indian students. 
the receipt of an entity’s plan by the Secretary, the Secretary shall inform the entity, in writing, of the Secretary’s approval or disapproval of the plan. If the plan is disapproved, the entity shall be informed, in writing, of the reasons for the disapproval and shall be given an opportunity to amend the plan or to petition the Secretary to reconsider such disapproval. 
date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and the head of any other Federal department or agency identified by the Secretary of Education, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation and coordination of the demonstration projects authorized under this section. The lead agency head for a demonstration project under this section shall be— 
of an entity meeting the definition of a contract or grant school under title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978; or 
to the plan for the individual project, which shall be used by an eligible entity to report on the activities undertaken under the project; 
to the projected expenditures for the individual project which shall be used by an eligible entity to report on all project expenditures; 
Federal oversight for the project, which shall be implemented by the lead agency; and 
an eligible entity appropriate to the project, except that an eligible entity shall have the authority to accept or reject the plan for providing 
shall the amount of Federal funds available to an eligible entity involved in any demonstration project be reduced as a result of the enactment of this section. 
action as may be necessary to provide for an interagency transfer of funds otherwise available to an eligible entity in order to further the objectives of this section. 
Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring the eligible entity to maintain separate records tracing any services or activities conducted under the approved plan to the individual programs under which funds were authorized for the services or activities, nor shall the eligible entity be required to allocate expenditures among such individual programs. 
this part shall be construed so as to interfere with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to fulfill the responsibilities for the safeguarding of Federal funds pursuant to chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code. 
years after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit a preliminary report to the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate on the status of the implementation of the demonstration projects authorized under this section. 
after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit a report to the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate on the results of the implementation of the demonstration projects 
identify statutory barriers to the ability of participants to integrate more effectively their education and related services to Indian students in a manner consistent with the objectives of this section. 
of an entity meeting the definition of a contract or grant school under title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978; or 
‘‘(ii) the enrollment or membership number establishing the membership of the child (if readily available); and 
‘‘(iii) the name and address of the organization that maintains updated and accurate membership data for such tribe or band of Indians; or 
number (if readily available), and the name and address of the organization responsible for maintaining updated and accurate membership data, of any parent or grandparent of the child from whom the child claims eligibility under this subpart, if the child is not a member of the tribe or band of Indians (as so defined); 
of Indians (as so defined), with respect to which the child, or parent or grandparent of the child, claims membership, is federally recognized; 
considers necessary to provide an accurate program profile; and 
this section shall be construed to affect a definition contained in section 5151. 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date 
of the enactment of the Student Success Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student. 
to provide such information as is necessary to carry out the responsibility of the Secretary to provide technical assistance under this subpart, the Secretary shall conduct a monitoring and evaluation review of a sampling of the recipients of grants under this subpart. The sampling conducted under this subparagraph shall take into account the size of and the geographic location of each local educational agency. 
may not be held liable to the United States or be subject to any penalty, by reason of the findings of an audit that relates to the date of completion, or the date of submission, of any forms used to establish, before April 28, 1988, the eligibility of a child for an entitlement under the Indian Elementary and Secondary School Assistance Act. 
funds from the grant that have not been expended. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, in calculating the amount of a grant under this subpart to a tribal school that receives a grant or contract from the Bureau of Indian Education, the Secretary shall use only one of the following, as selected by the school: 
whom the school has eligibility forms that comply with this section. 
than 31 consecutive days during, which the agency counts those children, if that date or period occurs before the deadline established by the Secretary for submitting an application under section 5114; and 
the Secretary shall pay to each local educational agency that submits an application that is approved by the Secretary under this subpart the amount determined under section 5113. The Secretary shall notify the local educational agency of the amount of the payment not later than June 1 of the year for which the Secretary makes the payment. 
under this subpart to a local educational agency for a fiscal year if, for such fiscal year, the State in which the local educational agency is located takes into consideration payments made under this chapter in determining the eligibility of the local educational agency for State aid, or the amount of the State aid, with respect to the 
free public education of children during such fiscal year or the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘Before submitting an application to the Secretary under section 5114, a local educational agency shall submit the application to the State educational agency, which may comment on such application. If the State educational agency comments on the application, the agency shall comment on all applications submitted by local educational agencies in the State and shall provide those comments to the respective local educational agencies, with an opportunity to respond. 
To Improve Educational Opportunities for Indian Children and Youth 
TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN AND YOUTH. 
the necessary actions to achieve the coordination of activities assisted under this subpart with— 
benefit of American Indian and Alaska Native children and youth. 
term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organization, federally supported elementary school or secondary school for Indian students, Indian institution (including an Indian institution of higher education), Alaska Native Organization, or a consortium of such entities. 
grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out activities that meet the purpose of this section, including— 
and other related activities, that address the special health, social, emotional, and psychological problems of Indian children; 
and projects designed to assist and encourage Indian children to enter, remain in, or reenter school, and to increase the rate of high school graduation for Indian children; 
the end of grade 3, including kindergarten and prekindergarten programs, familybased preschool programs that emphasize school readiness, screening and referral, and the provision of services to Indian children and youth with disabilities; 
local businesses for career preparation programs designed to provide Indian youth with the knowledge and skills such youth need to make an effective transition from school to a high skill, highwage career; 
unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
award a dissemination grant described in this paragraph if, prior to awarding the grant, the Secretary determines that the material or program to be disseminated— 
children and representatives of Indian tribes have been, and will be, involved in developing and implementing the activities for which assistance is sought; 
‘‘(ii) assurances that the applicant will participate, at the request of the Secretary, in any national evaluation of activities assisted under 
‘‘(iii) information demonstrating that the proposed program for the activities is a scientifically based research program, where applicable, which may include a program that has been modified to be culturally appropriate for students who will be served; 
incorporate the proposed activities into the ongoing school program involved once the grant period is over; and 
percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this subpart for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
and Alaska Native individuals to become educators and education support service professionals; and 
being trained to enter any field other than teaching, the training received pursuant to a grant under this section shall be in a program that results in a graduate degree. 
section shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. 
by regulation, that an individual who receives training pursuant to a grant made under this section— 
cooperative agreements with the State educational agency and the local educational agencies operating a school or schools within Indian lands. For purposes of this section, the term ‘Indian land’ has the meaning given that term in section 8013. 
by the Indian tribe, the State educational agency or the local educational agency may enter into a cooperative agreement with the Indian tribe. Such cooperative agreement— 
agreement decided upon by the Indian tribe and the State educational agency or local education agency. 
be valid if the Indian tribe and State educational agency or local educational agency agree fully in writing to all of the terms of the written cooperative agreement. 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to relieve any party to a cooperative agreement from complying with all applicable Federal, State, local laws. State and local educational agencies are still the ultimate responsible, liable parties for complying with all laws and funding requirements for any functions that are conveyed to tribes and tribal education agencies through the cooperative agreements. 
subpart, the term ‘Indian Tribe’ means any tribe or band that is officially recognized by the Secretary of the Interior. 
may use funds made available to carry out this subpart for each fiscal year to— 
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organization, federally supported elementary school or secondary school for Indian students, Indian institution (including an Indian institution of higher education), or a consortium of such entities. 
shall award grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out the following activities: 
Native American language for not less than 10 children for an average of not less than 500 hours per year per student; 
caregivers, and families of students enrolled in the program; 
of, instructional courses and materials for learning Native American languages and for instruction through the use of Native American languages; 
demonstrated record of effectiveness in operating and administering a Native American language program or any other educational program in which instruction is conducted in a Native American language. 
make grants under this section only on a multi year basis. Each such grant shall be for a period not to exceed 5 years. 
‘average’ means the aggregate number of hours of instruction through the use of a Native American language to all students enrolled in a Native American language program during a school year divided by the total number of students enrolled in the program. 
grants to Indian tribes, and tribal organizations approved by Indian tribes, to plan and develop a centralized tribal administrative entity to— 
special services for conditions such as disabilities and English language skill deficiencies. 
conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; and 
evaluating the effectiveness of the activities for which assistance is sought and for determining whether such objectives are achieved. 
an application submitted by a tribe or tribal organization pursuant to this section only if the Secretary is satisfied that such application, including any documentation submitted with the application— 
education entities in the operation and evaluation of the activities conducted under the grant; 
resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activities for which assistance is sought, except that the availability of such other resources shall not be a basis for disapproval of such application. 
funds under this section if such tribe receives funds under section 1144 of the Education Amendments of 1978. 
be appointed by the President from lists of nominees furnished, from time to time, by Indian tribes and organizations; and 
for filling the position of Director of Indian Education whenever a vacancy occurs; and 
30 of each year, a report on the activities of the Council, including— 
considers appropriate for the improvement of Federal education programs that include Indian children or adults as participants, or that may benefit Indian children or adults; and 
to review applications submitted to the Secretary under subpart 2 or subpart 3. 
or cooperative agreements under subpart 2 or subpart 3, the Secretary shall give a preference to Indian tribes, organizations, and institutions of higher education under any program with respect to which Indian tribes, organizations, and institutions are eligible to apply for grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘The Secretary may not approve an application for a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under subpart 2 or subpart 3 unless the application is for a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement that is— 
achieve the purpose or objectives of such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement; and 
the age of compulsory school attendance under an applicable State law. 
education in the applicable State or to preschool children. 
membership is defined by the tribe or band, including— 
‘‘(ii) any tribe or band recognized by the State 
that received a grant under the Indian Education Act of 1988 as in effect the day preceding the date of the enactment of the Improving America’s Schools Act of 1994. 
out subpart 1, there are authorized to be appropriated $105,921,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
carrying out subparts 2 and 3, there are authorized to be appropriated $24,858,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Alaska Native 
to maximize the leadership of and participation by Alaska Natives in the planning and the management of Alaska Native education programs and to support efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all students. 
under this part give priority to Alaska Native organizations as a means of increasing Alaska Native parents’ and community involvement in the promotion of academic success of Alaska Native students. 
support to efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve 
educational opportunity for Alaska Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Public Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive educational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor operate or fund Alaska Native education programs. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives. 
languages and cultures in the educational success and longterm wellbeing of Alaska Native students. 
languages into education, develop Alaska Native students’ positive identity, and support local placebased and culturebased curriculum and programming. 
Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, management, and evaluation of programs designed to serve Alaska Natives students, and to ensure Alaska Native organizations play a meaningful role in supplemental educational services provided to Alaska Native students. 
is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, Alaska Native organizations, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, educational entities with experience in developing or operating Alaska Native educational programs or programs of instruction conducted in Alaska Native languages, cultural and communitybased organizations with experience in developing or operating programs to benefit the educational needs of Alaska Natives, and consortia of organizations and entities described in this paragraph, to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
plans, methods, and strategies to improve the educational outcomes of Alaska Native people. 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and disseminate best practices and introduce successful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native students in urban and rural schools. 
professional development programs to prepare teachers to develop appreciation for, and understanding of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the certification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, and superintendents. 
enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children, and incorporate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and other research and evaluation activities related to programs carried out under this part. 
in Alaska Native history and way of living, to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Native peoples among Alaska Native youth and elders, nonNative students, teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instruction in leadership, communication, Native culture, arts, and languages to Alaska Native youth; 
and ways of living to students and teachers in the local school district; 
‘‘(IV) intergenerational learning and internship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; and 
both students and teachers, that work to facilitate cultural relationships between urban and rural Alaskans to build mutual respect and understanding, and foster a statewide sense of common identity through host family, school, and community crosscultural immersion. 
Alaska Native students in kindergarten through grade 12 that are designed to improve academic proficiency and graduation rates, utilize strategies otherwise permissible under this part, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous evaluation component. 
improved conditions for learning (school climate, student connection to school and community), and increased connections between schools and families. 
Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, including programs providing techprep, mentoring, training, and apprenticeship activities. 
Not more than 5 percent of funds provided to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $33,185,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the Alaska Native organization or entity seeking the grant or contract submits an application to the Secretary in such form, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
part shall inform each local educational agency serving students who would participate in the program to be carried out under the grant or contract about the application. 
‘Alaska Native organization’ means a federally recognized tribe, consortium of tribes, regional 
unique indigenous people with a historical continuity to the original inhabitants of the Hawaiian archipelago, whose society was organized as a nation and internationally recognized as a nation by the United States, and many other countries. 
is comparable to that of American Indians and Alaska Natives. 
United States and the Native Hawaiian people has been recognized and reaffirmed by the United States, as evidenced by the inclusion of Native Hawaiians in many Federal statutes, including— 
the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’ (42 U.S.C. 1996)); 
Native Hawaiian Culture and Art Development Act (20 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.); 
higher education and among adults who have completed 4 or more years of college. 
from programs funded under this part will be collected, analyzed, evaluated, reported, and used in decisionmaking activities regarding the types of grants awarded under this part. 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grantmaking entity; 
Maui County from the Island of either Molokai or Lanai; 
the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who appointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or provider of Native Hawaiian education or cultural activities, with traditional cultural experience given due consideration. 
designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
shall select a Chair and a Vice Chair from among the members of the Education Council. 
shall meet at the call of the Chair of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this section. 
funds made available through the grant to carry out each of the following activities: 
and serving as a clearinghouse for, the educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including the programs assisted under this part. 
through the issuance of reports and recommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, relating to Native Hawaiian education, and serving, where appropriate, in an advisory capacity. 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian educational performance and meeting the goals of this part, using metrics related to these goals; and 
the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
for funding under this part, based on an assessment of— 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to address such needs; 
‘‘(iii) the effectiveness of programs in improving the educational performance of Native Hawaiian students to help such students meet 
community on the outcomes of the activities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
years after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, and for each subsequent year, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Indian Affairs and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, a report that— 
under this part and the information gathered since the first annual report submitted by the Education Council to the Secretary under this section; and 
Federal, State, and local policy to advance the purposes of this part. 
carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
schools that serve high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students; 
and preservation or reclamation of Native Hawaiian culturebased educational practices; and 
agency, institution of higher education, or a State educational agency in partnership with a nonprofit entity serving underserved communities within the Native Hawaiian population apply for a grant or contract under this part as part of a partnership or consortium. 
statewide Native Hawaiian early education and care system to provide a continuum of high quality early learning services for Native Hawaiian children from the prenatal period through the age of kindergarten entry; 
and literacy in either the Hawaiian or the English language among Native Hawaiian students in kindergarten through grade 3 and assistance in addressing the distinct features of combined English and Hawaiian literacy for Hawaiian speakers in grades 5 and 6; 
of Native Hawaiian students who are gifted and talented, including— 
such students in a manner designed to assist in the educational progress of such students; 
prospective teachers to address the unique needs of Native Hawaiian students within the context of Native Hawaiian culture, language, and traditions; 
of teachers who teach in schools with high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students to meet the unique needs of such students; and 
unique cultural and educational needs of Native Hawaiian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified Native Hawaiian elders and seniors; 
that ensure Native Hawaiian students graduate college and career ready including— 
determine the educational status and needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults; 
related to programs carried out under this part; and 
schools that serve high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students. 
access to, Hawaiian culture and history through digital archives. 
be made under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the entity seeking the grant or contract submits an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine to be necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
apply to any nonprofit entity or Native Hawaiian communitybased organization that receives a grant or other funds under this part. 
appropriated to carry out this part $34,181,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
7301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) the number of days school is in session 
the conversion of average daily membership (or other similar data) to average daily attendance for local educational agencies in States that provide State aid to local educational agencies on the basis of average daily membership (or other similar data). 
agency in which a child resides makes a tuition or other payment for the free public education of the child in a school located in another school district, the Secretary shall, for the purpose of this Act— 
a school of the agency making the payment; and 
‘‘(ii) not consider the child to be in attendance 
at a school of the agency receiving the payment. 
educational agency makes a tuition payment to a private school or to a public school of another local educational agency for a child with a disability, as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Secretary shall, for the purpose of this Act, consider the child to be in attendance at a school of the agency making the payment. 
term ‘average perpupil expenditure’ means, in the case of a State or of the United States— 
State for the operation of those agencies; divided by 
school, or is adapted by a developer from an existing public school, and is operated under public supervision and direction; 
educational objectives determined by the school’s developer and agreed to by the authorized public chartering agency; 
send their children, and admits students on the basis of a lottery if more students apply for admission than can be accommodated, except that in cases in which students who are enrolled in a charter school affiliated (such as by sharing a network) with another charter school, those students may be automatically enrolled in the next grade level at such other charter school, so long as a lottery is used to fill seats created through regular attrition in student enrollment; 
and State audit requirements as do other elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State; 
the authorized public chartering agency in the State that includes a description of how student performance will be measured in charter schools pursuant to State assessments that are required of other schools and pursuant to any other assessments mutually agreeable to the authorized public chartering agency and the charter school; and 
‘child with a disability’ has the same meaning given that term in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
term ‘communitybased organization’ means a public or private nonprofit organization of demonstrated effectiveness that— 
term ‘consolidated local application’ means an application submitted by a local educational agency pursuant to section 6305. 
‘consolidated local plan’ means a plan submitted by a local educational agency pursuant to section 6305. 
term ‘consolidated State application’ means an application submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to section 6302. 
‘consolidated State plan’ means a plan submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to section 6302. 
of the divisions of a State used by the Secretary of Commerce in compiling and reporting data regarding counties. 
‘direct student services’ means public school choice or highquality academic tutoring that are designed to help increase academic achievement for students. 
term ‘educational service agency’ means a regional public multiservice agency authorized by State statute to develop, manage, and provide services or programs to local educational agencies. 
learner’, when used with respect to an individual, means an individual— 
or whose native language is a language other than English; 
Native, or a native resident of the outlying areas; and 
language other than English has had a significant impact on the individual’s level of English language proficiency; or 
‘‘(iii) who is migratory, whose native language is a language other than English, and who comes from an environment where a language other than English is dominant; and 
writing, or understanding the English language may be sufficient to deny the individual— 
classrooms where the language of instruction is English; or 
students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics under section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
is expected to receive a regular high school diploma; or 
which the student is expected to receive a regular high school diploma. 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the denominator of the extendedyear adjusted cohort. 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the extendedyear adjusted cohort. 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
‘family literacy services’ means services provided to participants on a voluntary basis that are of sufficient intensity in terms of hours, and of sufficient duration, to make sustainable changes in a family, and that integrate all of the following activities: 
the primary teacher for their children and full partners in the education of their children. 
students who form the original cohort of entering firsttime 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
is expected to receive a regular high school diploma; or 
which the student is expected to receive a regular high school diploma. 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
student who is retained in grade or who is enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular high school diploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
education as determined under applicable State law, except that the term does not include any education provided beyond grade 12. 
and talented’, when used with respect to students, children, or youth, means students, children, or youth who give evidence of high achievement capability in areas such as intellectual, creative, artistic, or leadership capacity, or in specific academic fields, and who need services or activities not ordinarily provided by the school in order to fully develop those capabilities. 
The term ‘highquality academic tutoring’ means supplemental academic services that— 
approved provider list after demonstrating to the State educational agency that its program consistently improves the academic achievement of students; and 
‘‘(ii) agrees to provide parents of children receiving highquality academic tutoring, the appropriate local educational agency, and school 
with information on participating students increases in academic achievement, in a format, and to the extent practicable, a language that such parent can understand, and in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals consistent with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g); 
SCHOOLS .—The term includes an elementary school or secondary school funded by the Bureau of Indian Education but only to the extent that including the school makes the school eligible for programs for which specific eligibility is not provided to the school in another provision of law and the school does not have a student population that is smaller than the student population of the local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act with the smallest student population, except that the school shall not be subject to the jurisdiction of any State educational agency other than the Bureau of Indian Education. 
term includes educational service agencies and consortia of those agencies. 
includes the State educational agency in a State in which the State educational agency is the sole educational agency for all public schools. 
‘Native American language’ have the same meaning given those terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990. 
means specialized instructional support personnel, librarians, career guidance and counseling personnel, education aides, and other instructional and administrative personnel. 
legal guardian or other person standing in loco parentis (such as a grandparent, stepparent, or foster parent with whom the child lives, or a person who is legally responsible for the child’s welfare). 
child’s education and are included, as appropriate, in decisionmaking and on advisory committees to assist in the education of their child; and 
of the academic subjects the teachers teach, and enable teachers to become effective educators; 
and administrators the knowledge and skills to provide students with the opportunity to meet State academic standards; 
classroom instruction and the teacher’s performance in the classroom; and 
‘‘(vi) support the recruiting, hiring, and training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified or licensed through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(vii) advance teacher understanding of effective instructional strategies that are strategies for improving student academic achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers, including through addressing the social and emotional development needs of students; 
‘‘(ix) are developed with extensive participation of teachers, school leaders, parents, and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
learners and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appropriate language and academic support services to those children, including the appropriate use of curricula and assessments; 
‘‘(xi) to the extent appropriate, provide training for teachers, other staff, and school leaders in the use of technology so that technology and technology applications are effectively used to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and core academic subjects in which the students receive instruction; 
their impact on increased teacher effectiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to improve the quality of the professional development; 
and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; and 
‘‘(xv) include instruction in ways that teachers, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, other staff, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents; and 
institutions of higher education to establish schoolbased teacher training programs that provide prospective teachers and new teachers with an opportunity to work under the guidance of experienced teachers and college faculty; 
‘‘(ii) create programs to enable paraprofessionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assistance under subpart 1 of part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofessionals to become certified and licensed teachers; and 
school diploma’ means the standard high school diploma awarded to the preponderance of students in the State that is fully aligned with State standards, or a higher diploma. Such term shall not include a GED or other recognized equivalent of a diploma, a certificate of attendance, or any lesser diploma award. 
educational agency, or other entity operating the school; and 
other qualified professional personnel involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
‘State educational agency’ means the agency primarily responsible for the State supervision of public elementary schools and secondary schools. 
means modern information, computer and communication technology products, services, or tools, including, but not limited to, the Internet and other communications networks, computer devices and other computer and communications hardware, software applications, data systems, and other electronic content and data storage. 
‘‘Parts B, C, D, and E of this title do not 
grant with the Bureau of Indian Education in consortium with another contract or grant school or a tribal or community organization; or 
consortium with an institution of higher education, a contract or grant school, or a tribal or community organization, 
shall be given the same consideration as a local 
any program under this Act under which funds are authorized to be used for administration, and such other programs as the Secretary may designate. 
of State administration under this section, the Secretary may periodically review the performance of State educational agencies in using consolidated administrative funds under this section and take such steps as the Secretary finds appropriate to ensure the effectiveness of that administration. 
as a local educational agency shall, in its applications or plans under this Act, describe how the agency will eliminate duplication in conducting administrative functions. 
with regulations of the Secretary and for any fiscal year, a local educational agency, with the approval of its State educational agency, may consolidate and use for the administration of one or more programs under this Act (or such other programs as the Secretary shall designate) not more than the percentage, established in each program, of the total available for the local educational agency under those programs. 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section for any fiscal year shall not use any other funds under the programs included in the consolidation for administration for that fiscal year. 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section shall not be required to keep separate records, by individual program, to account for costs relating to the administration of the programs included in the consolidation. 
to the Department of the Interior, as a consolidated amount for covered programs, the Indian education programs under part A of title V, and the education for homeless children and youth program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act, the amounts allotted to the Department of the Interior under those programs. 
Interior for the use of the amount transferred and the achievement measures to assess program effectiveness; and 
the Interior may use not more than 1.5 percent of the funds consolidated under this section for its costs related to the administration of the funds transferred under this section. 
local authorities through consolidated plans, applications, and reporting; and 
State educational agency that submits a consolidated State plan or a consolidated State application under this section shall not be required to submit separate State plans or applications under any of the programs to which the consolidated State plan or consolidated State application under this section applies. 
procedures under this section, the Secretary shall collaborate with State educational agencies and, as appropriate, with other State agencies, local educational agencies, public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions, private schools, and parents, students, and teachers. 
shall require only descriptions, information, assurances (including assurances of compliance 
with applicable provisions regarding participation by private school children and teachers), and other materials that are absolutely necessary for the consideration of the consolidated State plan or consolidated State application. 
separate individual annual reports for the programs included in the consolidated State annual report. 
in accordance with all applicable statutes, regulations, program plans, and applications; 
each such program and title to property acquired with program funds will be in a public agency, an eligible private agency, institution, or organization, or an Indian tribe, if the law authorizing the program provides for assistance to those entities; and 
operations that are identified through audits, monitoring, or evaluation; and 
the receipt and resolution of complaints alleging violations of law in the administration of the programs; 
any evaluation of each such program conducted by or for the Secretary or other Federal officials; 
fund accounting procedures that will ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, Federal funds paid to the State under each such program; 
necessary to enable the Secretary to perform the Secretary’s duties under each such program; and 
educational agency shall make any consolidated local plans and applications available to the Governor. 
has an approved consolidated State plan or application under section 6302 may require local educational agencies in the State receiving funds under more than one program included in the consolidated State plan or consolidated State application to submit consolidated local plans or applications under those programs, but may not require those agencies to submit separate plans. 
agency, in consultation with the Governor, shall collaborate with local educational agencies in the State in establishing procedures for the submission of the consolidated State plans or consolidated State applications under this section. 
a State educational agency that submits a plan or application under this Act, shall have on file with the State educational agency a single set of assurances, applicable to each program for which a plan or application is submitted, that provides that— 
in accordance with all applicable statutes, regulations, program plans, and applications; 
each such program and title to property acquired with program funds will be in a public agency or in an eligible private agency, institution, organization, or Indian tribe, if the law authorizing the program provides for assistance to those entities; and 
operations that are identified through audits, monitoring, or evaluation; 
out any evaluation of each such program conducted by or for the State educational agency, the Secretary, or other Federal officials; 
and fund accounting procedures as will ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, Federal funds paid to the applicant under each such program; 
applicant afforded a reasonable opportunity for public comment on the application and considered such comment. 
General Education Provisions Act shall not apply to programs under this Act. 
will improve instruction for students and advance student academic achievement; 
provide assistance to the same populations served by programs for which the waiver is requested. 
applicable to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, Indian tribes, and schools; and 
own behalf, or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies in the State) to the Secretary; or 
‘‘(ii) by Indian tribes (on behalf of schools operated by the tribes) to the Secretary. 
case of a waiver request submitted by a State educational agency acting on its own behalf, or on behalf of local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency shall— 
agencies in the State with notice and a reasonable opportunity to comment and provide input on the request; 
Secretary, with a description of how the State addressed the comments and input; and 
comment to the public and local educational agencies in the manner in which the applying agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public. 
case of a waiver request submitted by a local educational agency that receives funds under this Act— 
educational agency and be accompanied by the comments, if any, of the State educational agency and the public; and 
comment regarding the waiver request shall be provided to the State educational agency and the public by the agency requesting the waiver in the manner in which that agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public. 
reviewers shall conduct a good faith review of waiver requests submitted to them under this section. Peer reviewers shall review such waiver requests— 
adequate evaluation to ensure review and continuous improvement of the plan. 
If the Secretary determines and demonstrates that the waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall— 
educational agency, or Indian tribe of such determination; and 
agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, provide detailed reasons for such determination in writing; 
educational agency, or Indian tribe an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the resubmission does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, conduct a public hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmission. 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe— 
and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the requirements of this 
shall not, directly or indirectly, require or impose new or additional requirements in exchange for receipt of a waiver if such requirements are not specified in this Act. 
waive under this section any statutory or regulatory requirements relating to— 
States, local educational agencies, Indian tribes, or other recipients of funds under this Act; 
the State or affected recipient to carry out the activities for which the waiver was requested and the waiver has contributed to improved student achievement; and 
shall not require a State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, as a condition of approval of a waiver request, to— 
specific academic standards, such as the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other standards common to a significant number of States; 
request any criterion that specifies, defines, describes, or prescribes the standards or measures that a State or local educational agency or Indian tribe uses to establish, implement, or improve— 
agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that receives a waiver under this section shall, at the end of the second year for which a waiver is received under this section and each subsequent year, submit a report to the Secretary that— 
schools, or Indian tribe, in improving the quality of instruction or the academic achievement of students. 
shall annually submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report— 
educational agencies, local educational agencies, Indian tribes, and schools; and 
other benefits, including materials and equipment, provided under this section, shall be secular, neutral, and nonideological. 
other benefits provided under this section for private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children, teachers, and other educational personnel participating in the program and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
service personnel shall be equal to the expenditures for participating public school children, taking into account the number and educational needs, of the children to be served. 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall— 
‘‘(ii) with respect to any such funds that cannot be so obligated, be used to serve such children in the following fiscal year. 
such local educational agency and the appropriate private school officials or their representatives in the State of such allocation of funds. 
meaningful consultation, a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity shall consult, in order to reach an agreement, with appropriate private school officials or their representatives during the design and development of the programs under this Act, on issues such as— 
how the results of the assessment will be used to improve those services; 
or entity will make decisions about the delivery of services, including a thorough consideration and analysis of the views of the private school officials or their representatives on the provision of services through potential thirdparty providers or contractors; 
views of the private school officials or their representatives on the provision of services through a contract, the local educational agency will provide in writing to such private school officials or their representatives an analysis of the reasons why the local educational agency has chosen not to use a contractor; 
under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, or institutions; and 
consultation has not occurred or that the program design is not equitable with respect to eligible private school children. If such officials or their representatives do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the local educational agency shall forward the documentation that such consultation has, or attempts at such consultation have, taken place to the State educational agency. 
shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if— 
agency or Education Service Agency involved has not met the requirements of this section; or ‘‘(ii) in a case in which— 
to provide services under this section, and title to materials, equipment, and property purchased with those funds, shall be in a public agency for the uses and purposes provided in this Act, and a public agency shall administer the funds and property. 
with an individual, association, agency, organization, or other entity. 
provision of those services, the employee, person, association, agency, organization, or other entity shall be independent of the private school and of any religious organization, and the employment or contract shall be under the control and supervision of the public agency. 
Funds used to provide services under this section shall not be commingled with nonFederal funds. 
services to those children, teachers, or other educational personnel through arrangements that shall be subject to the requirements of this section and of sections 6501, 6503, and 6504. 
may be appealed by an interested party to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the State educational agency resolves the complaint or fails to resolve the complaint within the 45day time limit. The appeal shall be accompanied by 
a copy of the State educational agency’s resolution, and, if there is one, a complete statement of the reasons supporting the appeal. The Secretary shall investigate and resolve the appeal not later than 90 days after receipt of the appeal. 
the Federal Government shall, directly or indirectly, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, mandate, direct, incentivize, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction, (including any requirement, direction, incentive, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government directly or indirectly, whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act. 
Federal Government directly or indirectly— whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement—to mandate, direct, review, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s instructional content, curriculum, and related activities; 
medically false or inaccurate materials or to prohibit the distribution of scientifically or medically true or accurate materials; or 
STANDARDS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to mandate national school building standards for a State, local educational agency, or school. 
other provision of this Act or any other provision of law, no funds available to the Department or otherwise available under this Act may be used for any purpose relating to a mandatory nationwide test or certification of teachers or education paraprofessionals, including any planning, development, implementation, or administration of such test or certification. 
The Secretary is prohibited from withholding funds from any State educational agency or local educational agency if the State educational agency or local educational agency fails to adopt a specific method of teacher or paraprofessional certification. 
any school facility, except as authorized under title IV or otherwise authorized under this Act; 
on school grounds by any organization of legally obscene materials to minors or any instruction or materials that normalize teen sexual activity as an expected behavior; 
or that has not been awarded funds, under one or more programs under this Act shall not be required to carry out any of the requirements of such program or programs, and nothing in this Act shall be construed to require a State to participate in any program under this Act. 
governance or authority over school administration, including the development and expenditure of school budgets, unless explicitly authorized under this Act; 
guidance without first consulting with local stakeholders and fairly addressing their concerns; or 
right to object to any administrative requirement, including actions that place additional burdens or cost on the local educational agency. 
section shall be construed to prevent a school based health center from providing nonabortion health services to pregnant students. 
educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall provide military recruiters the same access to secondary school students as is provided generally to institutions of higher education or to prospective employers of those students. 
subsection, whenever a student has attained 18 years of age, the permission or consent required of and the rights accorded to the parents of the student shall only be required of and accorded to the student. 
section do not apply to a private secondary school that maintains a religious objection to service in the Armed Forces if the objection is verifiable through the corporate or other organizational documents or materials of that school. 
this Act as prescribed under section 1401 only to the extent that such regulations are necessary to ensure that there is compliance with the specific requirements and assurances required by this Act. 
review panel to evaluate an application for any program required under this Act, the Secretary shall conduct the panel in accordance with this section. 
peer review guidance concurrently with the notice of the grant. 
available to the public before the final deadline for the application of the grant; 
have an opportunity within 30 days to review the peer review notes and appeal the score to the Secretary prior to the Secretary making any final determination. 
Secretary’s staff, may not attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer review process. No Federal employee may participate in, or attempt to influence the peer review process, except to respond to questions of a technical nature, which shall be publicly reported. 
parents or legal guardians of a student, the local educational agency shall withdraw such student from any program funded under part B of title III. The local educational agency shall make reasonable efforts to inform parents or legal guardians of the content of such programs or activities funded under this Act, other than classroom instruction. 
‘‘If any provision of this Act is held invalid, 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, identify the number of Department employees who worked on or administered each education program and project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such enactment date, and publish such information on the Department’s website; 
each program or project authorized under this Act administered by the Department; 
‘‘To ensure the reduced Federal role established under this Act is recognized when allocating spending amounts and appropriations for the programs under this Act, the Secretary, through the director of the Institute for Education Sciences, shall— 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, contract with an economist with an expertise in workforce and government efficiency; 
enactment of the Student Success Act and before the Administration’s annual budget request for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress annually thereafter, require the economist to issue a report that— 
the reduced Federal requirements under this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act, as compared to the requirements under this Act as in effect after fiscal year 2002 and prior to the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act and each year thereafter; 
funds to meet the Federal requirements under this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act, as compared to the requirements under this Act as in effect after fiscal year 2002 and prior to the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act; and 
funding amounts and reduced number of employees at the Department necessary for compliance with the provisions of this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act; and 
acceptance of federal funds, no officer, employee, or other authority of the Secretary shall enforce against an authority of a State, nor shall any authority of a State have any obligation to obey, any requirement imposed as a condition of receiving assistance under a grant program established under this Act, nor shall such program operate within a State, unless the legislature of that State shall have by law expressly approved that program and, in doing so, have waived the State’s rights and authorities to act inconsistently with any requirement that might be imposed by the Secretary as a condition of receiving that assistance. 
LEGISLATURES .—In the case of a State with a biennial legislature— 
used in this section, the term ‘authority of a State’ includes any administering agency of the State, any officer or employee of the State, and any local government authority of the State. 
each State beginning on the 90th day after the end of the first regular session of the legislature of that State that begins 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act and shall continue to apply in subsequent years until otherwise provided by law. 
stipulated under the Student Success Act, any funds under such Act not allocated to a State because a State did not affirmatively agree to the receipt of such funds shall not be reallocated among the States. 
‘‘In this Act, the term ‘State with a biennial 
legislature’ means a State the legislature of which meets every other year. 
‘‘It is the intent of Congress that other than 
the terms and conditions expressly approved by State law under the terms of this subpart, control over public education and parental rights to 
control the education of their children are vested exclusively within the autonomous zone of independent authority reserved to the States and individual Americans by the United States Constitution, other than the Federal Government’s undiminishable obligation to enforce minimum Federal standards of equal protection and due process. 
‘‘The Secretary shall ensure each grantee receiving funds under this Act understands the importance of privacy protections for students and is aware of their responsibilities under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
findings under this section with respect to programs authorized under this Act— 
accessible, and usable or adaptable for use in the improvement of educational practice; 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, the Department, and other relevant places; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utilization of such findings. 
longterm effects and cost efficiencies across Federal programs assisted or authorized under this Act and related Federal preschool, elementary, and secondary programs under any other Federal law; and 
of grant recipients in order to ensure the continuous progress of the program or project by improving the quality, timeliness, efficiency, and use of information relating to performance under the program or project. 
major categorical programs authorized under this Act, and as resources permit, the smaller categorical programs authorized under this Act; 
with the involvement of other officials at the Department, as appropriate; and 
Register seeking public comment on such plan and after review by the Secretary of such comments; and 
Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and after review by the Secretary of such comments. 
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of this Act (other than title I), funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program or project, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program or project.’’. 
9504 through 9506 (20 U.S.C. 7884, 7885, and 7886) are— 
(ii) AMENDMENTS .—Section 6504 (as so redesignated) is amended— 
Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’. 
9531, 9533, and 9534 (20 U.S.C. 7911, 7913, and 7914) are— 
(ii) AMENDMENTS .—Section 6528 (as so redesignated) is amended— 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.), as amended 
this Act, any reference in law to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
requirements or other requirements, laws, regulations, practices, or policies may act as a barrier to the identification, enrollment, attendance, or success in school of homeless children and youths, the State and local educational agencies will review and undertake steps to revise such laws, regulations, practices, or policies to ensure that homeless children and youths are afforded the same free, appropriate public education as is provided to other children and youths.’’; 
Section 722 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is 
striking ‘‘Grants’’ and inserting ‘‘Grant funds from a grant made to a State’’; 
period at the end the following: ‘‘that can sufficiently carry out the duties described in this subtitle’’; and 
‘‘sections 1111 and 1116’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause 
(cc) by striking the period at the end of subclause (III) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(dd) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the progress the separate schools are 
making in helping all students meet the State academic standards.’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the McKinneyVento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; 
youths identified in the State, posted annually on the State educational agency’s website; 
homeless children and youths have in gaining access to public preschool programs and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
and youths and their families, including services of public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforcement agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care providers, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
guardians of homeless children and youths and unaccompanied youths to ensure that each child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services provided by this subtitle.’’; 
youths are (or will be) given the opportunity to meet the same State academic standards that all students are expected to meet. 
educational agency will use to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
prompt resolution of disputes regarding the educational placement of homeless children and youths. 
that homeless children and youths who meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to participate in Federal, State, or local nutrition programs. 
public preschool programs, administered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as provided to other children in the State; 
from public schools are identified and accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services; and 
the relevant eligibility criteria are able to participate in Federal, State, or local education programs. 
respect to the education of homeless children and youths, including problems resulting from enrollment delays that are caused by— 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school records, 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that homeless children and youths are not stigmatized or segregated on the basis of their status as homeless. 
the area served by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or arranged by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living arrangements in the area served by the local educational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing his or her education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by another local educational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a method to apportion the responsibility and costs for providing the child with transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local educational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for transportation shall be shared equally. 
agency serving each child or youth to be assisted under this subtitle shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
in the school of origin for the duration of homelessness— 
homeless between academic years or during an academic year; or 
if the child or youth becomes permanently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to attend. 
in the school of origin is in the child or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the wishes of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or the unaccompanied youth; 
to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the wishes of the homeless child’s or youth’s parent of guardian or the unaccompanied youth involved; 
‘‘(ii) RELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The enrolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
by the school, including immunization or other required health records, academic records, birth certificates, guardianship records, and evaluations for special services or programs, regarding each homeless child or youth shall be maintained— 
in a timely fashion, when a child or youth enters a new school or school district; and 
of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
arises over school selection or enrollment in a school— 
enrolled in the school in which enrollment is sought, pending final resolution of the dispute, including all available appeals; 
youth shall be provided with a written explanation of any decisions made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State educational agency involved, including the rights of the parent, guardian, or youth to appeal such decisions; 
the liaison shall ensure that the youth is immediately enrolled in school in which the youth seeks enrollment pending resolution of such dispute. 
‘school of origin’ means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
subtitle shall prohibit a local educational agency from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child to submit contact information. 
child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treated as a student education record under section 
444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and shall not be released to housing providers, employers, law enforcement personnel, or other persons or agencies not authorized to have such information under section 99.31 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations. 
or youth meets the eligibility criteria, such as services provided under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) or similar State or local programs, educational programs for children with disabilities, and educational programs for English learners. 
agency serving homeless children and youths that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate— 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
each State educational agency and local educational agency that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate with State and local housing agencies responsible for developing the comprehensive housing affordability strategy described in section 105 of the CranstonGonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) to minimize educational disruption for children and youths who become homeless. 
have access to, and are in reasonable proximity to, available education and related support services; and 
and service providers of the effects of shortterm stays in a shelter and other challenges associated with homelessness. 
to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with disabilities served by that local educational agency and other involved local educational agencies. 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youths are enrolled in, and have a full and equal opportunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
have access to and receive educational services for which such families, children, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start, Early Head Start, early intervention, and preschool programs administered by the local educational agency; 
receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substances abuse 
children and youths are informed of the educational and related opportunities available to their children and are provided with meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
homeless children and youths is disseminated in locations frequented by parents or guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public libraries, and soup kitchens in a manner and form understandable to the parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and unaccompanied youths; 
under this subtitle receive professional development and other support; and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as independent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
shall be given to ensuring the enrollment and attendance of homeless children and youths who are not currently attending school.’’; 
year 2009,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014 through 2019,’’; and 
year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014 through 2019’’. 
Section 723 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is 
the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘current practice’’; 
promote meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of their children.’’; 
period at the end ‘‘, and other activities designed to increase the meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of their children’’; 
period at the end ‘‘and parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’. 
Section 724 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11434) is 
the next school year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, update and disseminate nationwide the public notice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘plans for the use of grant funds under section 722’’; 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies in areas in which barriers to a free appropriate public education persist.’’; 
procedures that may present barriers to the identification, enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’. 
Section 725 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a) is 
Section 726 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is 
there are authorized to be appropriated $65,042,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
some local educational agencies have entered into agreements with employees who are suspected of abusing or are known to have abused students. 
with minors to the proper authorities such as the police or child welfare services, under such agreements the local educational agencies, schools, and employees keep the information private and facilitate the employee’s transfer to another local educational agency. 
educational agencies or schools and suspected child sex abusers should be prohibited; 
suspected or proven sexual misconduct should be stopped, and States should require local educational agencies and schools to provide law enforcement with all information regarding sexual conduct between an employee and a minor; and 
stopped or prevented before it occurs, the Secretary of Educaiton— 
or subgrant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) prominently displays the Department of Education Office of Inspector General hotline contact information so any individual who observes, detects, or suspects improper use of taxpayer funds can easily report such improper use; 
subgrants under such Act are aware of their requirement to submit truthful and accurate information when applying for grants or subgrants and responding to monitoring and compliance reviews. 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–29. Each such further amendment shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by its proponent at any 
subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
providing relevant handson learning opportunities at the elementary school and secondary school levels. 
preparation in STEM fields at the secondary school level. 
education opportunities in STEM fields at the secondary school level. 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
plans to use the grant funds at the elementary school level— 
school and outofschool educators, such as afterschool providers, science centers, and museums; 
plans to use the grant funds at the secondary school level— 
(III) identifying public and private partners that are able to support the programs; 
education or institutions providing informal science education, such as afterschool programs and science centers and museums; 
workforce needs, including the demand for workers with knowledge or training in a 
(iv) an analysis of job openings that require knowledge or training in a STEM field. 
teachers, afterschool providers, and other school personnel in elementary schools or secondary schools, including professional development to encourage, through academic instruction and support, such individuals to pursue advanced classes and careers in STEM fields. 
other informal learning opportunities designed to encourage interest and develop skills in STEM fields. 
learning time and to deepen the skills and interest in STEM fields of such individuals. 
that are designed to improve educational outcomes in STEM fields, and will serve to deepen the skills and interest in STEM fields of such individuals; or 
(ii) equipment, instrumentation, or hardware used to teach and encourage interest in STEM fields. 
receiving a grant under this section shall, on an annual basis, submit a report to the State educational agency on the use of funds and the number of students who participated in the programs carried out with the grant funds. 
State educational agency shall, on an annual basis, submit to the Secretary a report on the use of funds and the number of students who participated in the programs carried out 
term ‘‘economically distressed area’’ means a county or equivalent division of local government of a State in which, according to the most recently available data from the Bureau of the Census, 40 percent or more of the residents have an annual income that is at or below the poverty level. 
organizations that employ workers in STEM related careers or organizations with demonstrated expertise in identifying, scaling, and implementing successful practices in STEM education and workforce development. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) and 
today to offer an amendment rooted in values that I know we all share. While we may disagree over various aspects of Federal policy in K–12 education, there are important areas where we can in fact find common ground. 
We all believe that our children deserve an education that prepares him or her to succeed in a modern economy. We all know that far too many children don’t get that chance today—particularly children in minority and high poverty schools. We all know that over the next 10 years, jobs in STEM fields— science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—are expected to grow at almost twice the rate of jobs in other fields. 
Today, in Massachusetts, Mr. Chairman, the unemployment rate for Hispanic residents is 60 percent higher than for their White neighbors, and it is over 110 percent higher for African Americans. Even more alarming, the poverty rate for Black families in Massachusetts is 144 percent higher than their White neighbors and 273 percent higher for Hispanics. Shockingly, those numbers are actually better than far more States across the country. 
While our economy is steadily improving, that gap is a dangerous economic undercurrent that, left unaddressed, will affect us all. In an increasing globalized and competitive economy, we need to ensure that we are tapping all the talent and potential that we have here in America in order to succeed. 
Title I funds are some of the best resources the Federal Government has to make sure that every child in every school has a fair chance at the starting line, delivering muchneeded assistance to schools that disproportionately serve minority and lowincome communities. But this bill, in its current form, would jeopardize the already inadequate resources that so many 
path. It would protect those title I resources and allow them to serve their original civil rights purpose: to ensure that each of our students has an equal chance to succeed. 
wishing that we were not considering a bill today that would consolidate title I funds and undermine their historic role. But the amendment I offer today says that even if we are going to be living in the proposed world of cuts and block grants, STEM education and economic justice are still priorities we must elevate. 
but not require States to use their flexible title I funding for grants that support the success of women, minorities, and lowincome students in STEM. 
our teachers need to prepare their students for jobs today and tomorrow are limited by ZIP Code, gender, and race. That makes this far more than an economic issue. It is a civil rights issue that will define our society for generations to come. 
I know that we all support equal access to the jobs of a modern economy. That is why we must pass this amendment, increase the reach of STEM education into communities that need it most, and ensure that a student’s potential isn’t limited by the street that he or she grows up on. 
my colleague for offering this amendment, even though I am opposed to it. 
very active role in improving STEM education. In fact, in a count I took a couple of years ago, there were over 200 Federal STEM programs, but our multibilliondollar investment is failing to produce strong results—not because of lack of funding, but because of too much bureaucracy. 
programs and instead provide States and local districts the flexibility to invest in programs that produce more efficient and effective results instead of Washington’s priorities. 
issue for the future of our skilled workforce, but I have concerns that it introduces yet another Federal program. 
amendment, but urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
might inquire as to the time I have remaining. 
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. KENNEDY. I yield 1 minute to 
today in support of this commonsense amendment, and I want to thank my good friend, Congressman KENNEDY , for 
This amendment supports equal opportunities for all of our children. Many of the goodpaying jobs of the future will require STEM skills, and we as a country must do better to ensure that all children, no matter who they are or where they live, receive quality math and science education. 
STEM education have left girls and children of color behind. As wages remain flat and income inequality only deepens across our country, ensuring access to quality STEM education for every child is not just a moral imperative, it is an economic necessity. Our children deserve these opportunities and our companies need vibrant diversity in their workforce. 
So, again, I want to thank Congressman KENNEDY for offering today’s 
amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the words of my colleague in recognition of this important issue. I just would like to point out that this amendment does not require anything. 
to be highlighted and STEM programs, particularly important, I believe, at a time when Hispanics and African Americans combined make up 13 percent of our STEM workforce and women only make up 26 percent of our STEM workforce. 
for our country if we are truly going to recognize the talent and potential of every American. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
appreciate the gentleman’s interest in this issue. His amendment creates a new program. 
allowable use. If the school wants to spend money on STEM education, they certainly may, and I think that is the right way to approach this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 5, lines 4, 7, 16, 20, and 24, strike 
Page 6, lines 4, 10, 16, 21, and 25, strike 
Page 450, lines 19 and 23, strike ‘‘2021’’ and 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) and a 
there were a lot of problems in No Child Left Behind, and one of them, of course, is this topdown idea that the Federal Government can run education. 
This is a relatively simple amendment. We are shrinking the time that this bill, which is a very hardworked on bill, shrinking the time before we revisit this issue from 6 years back down to 3 years, from 2021 back down to 2018. 
forefathers did not want Federal Government involved in a lot of things is we move so slowly. Back home, my local superintendent can change policy daily. My local school boards meet every other week. My State superintendent can change policy daily and probably changes rules every few months. 
with No Child Left Behind back in 2002– 2003. Eleven or 12 or 13 years later after the problems were very apparent, we still have not amended that bill, which is why this is a good amendment right now. 
know a year from now, a year and a half from now, people will say: Oh, I wish you would have done that, I wish you would have done something else. 
I don’t think it is too much to ask 
that we revisit this legislation 3 years from now, well after our local school boards or well after our local State legislators will have met many, many, many times. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, recognizing that a child’s future opportunities are primarily established by virtue of their education. 
education, primarily because we fund it typically by the real estate tax. We fund it politically, and those in lowincome areas tend to get the short end of the stick. That is why we passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
good work and goes backwards. They cap the funding. We take the money from the lowincome areas, give it to the wealthy areas, we eliminate the focus on English learners and disabled. The bill goes in the wrong direction. 
the life of this bill, under H.R. 5, the gentleman’s amendment will force us to reauthorize it and reconsider it in a shorter period of time, and if it is a bad bill, I think that is a good thing. 
implementation of this bill will yield devastating results for our Nation’s most vulnerable children, the gentleman and I are in agreement that we ought to revisit it as soon as possible, and that is why I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE). 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I understand the gentleman’s concerns, but I must oppose the amendment. I believe it is important to ensure our strong prohibitions and limited Federal role are put in law and maintained for years into the future, rather than for the length of a pilot project. Our school boards and superintendents and educators need to have some consistency and not be worried about things that are going to change in a year or two or three. 
These prohibitions in the bill are important to correct the course of the Federal Government, ensure the U.S. Secretary of Education cannot exercise any control over State and local education decisions, and that cannot be a shortterm fix. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
or not, there is something worse than No Child Left Behind. There is something worse than this bill, H.R. 5, and that is constantly moving the ball federally which, unfortunately, this 
One of the biggest concerns from educators, from school boards, from State boards of education is we need time to implement whatever the heck you do in Washington, good, bad, or indifferent. To keep the ball moving constantly adds piles and piles of paperwork at the district level. 
be perfect. No Child Left Behind isn’t perfect. It has its flaws; it has its merits. H.R. 5, I don’t think anybody would agree it is perfect. It has its merits; it has its flaws. Some will feel the flaws outweigh the merits. Some will feel the merits outweigh the flaws. 
in place for long enough for all of its systems around public education to catch up and create rules, create policies to see the new law succeed to the extent that it can are absolutely critical for any Federal education law. 
every single 2 or 3 years, this body goes 
in a radically different direction with regard to Federal education policy, causing every State, every district, every educator, every principal—instead of spending time teaching kids and helping educate children in the classroom—studying up on Federal education policy, trying to fill out new forms, trying to figure out new testing regimes; and, just as they figure them out, we are going to move the ball again. 
Whatever the Federal education policy is, it is very important to have some consistency. Now, look, we have had No Child Left Behind for 15 years. We should have replaced it earlier, but the right time wasn’t in 2002 or 2003. It might have been when it expired in 2010. 
education policy. Now, we are on overtime, but the answer is not to take it back before we even know whether a Federal education policy is working before it expires, only to be replaced by a new Congress with a different law requiring a totally different change of direction by educators, principals, school boards, and State boards of education. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentleman from Virginia have any additional speakers? 
any additional speakers, Mr. Chairman, but I believe I have the right to close. 
position of the underlying bill, and they are trying to amend it, who has the right to close? 
committee controlling time in true opposition would have the right to close. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
one more time to emphasize on this amendment, it is my experience, in many, many years dealing with local superintendents, local school boards, very rarely are they appreciative of people on other levels of government without that expertise in education telling them what to do. 
Campbellsport School District. They are not appreciative when the legislature in Madison tells them how to run their schools, and they are certainly not appreciative when the U.S. Congress tells them how to run the schools. 
I am going to vote for this bill today. 
I think this bill is a step in the right direction. My guess is, if I talk to my local school boards 6 months from now, a year from now, they will be grateful that this bill passed, but they would like still more freedom. 
boards are closer to the parents, closer to the children, and will do a better job of managing those schools than we will. 
amendment. I mean, maybe 3 years from now, we are going to go back home to our school districts, and they will say: Oh, my goodness, I wish you would have prescribed more or ordered us around more. 
I think what is going to happen is 3 years from today, when we look at this again, the local school districts are one more time going to say: Hey, back there in 2015, when you paused this bill, I am glad you passed that bill, but please give us still more freedom. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, beginning on line 10, strike ‘‘, at 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) and a 
flaw with the accountability systems as in No Child Left Behind, which deters highquality teachers from joining lowperforming schools. We need to remediate this problem. 
discourages quality teachers from joining lowperforming schools because they are warned that if their students are not considered proficient then they will suffer adverse consequences. 
As it stands, if a student starts seventh grade at a fourth grade reading level, works diligently with their teacher, and then achieves a sixth grade level by the end of the school year, that student will not be deemed proficient, and both the teacher and the school would be negatively impacted. 
My amendment would require that annual statewide assessments measure students’ growth as a crucial component of the achievement within the accountability system established by the State. 
It would leave it to the State to decide their own measurement of growth, so they can measure an individual student’s learning progress and not give an entire school one score based on the amount of the students who are deemed proficient in particular subjects. 
be more willing to join schools composed of a significant amount of students not meeting proficiency standards. My amendment, therefore, upholds the fundamental principle of the original ESEA to encourage equality in the provision of education, regardless of social economic status or demographics of the student behind the desk. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, and I do oppose the amendment. 
the gentleman for this amendment, although I do oppose it. 
annual statewide assessments measure student growth and include such growth in that State’s accountability system. Under the Student Success Act, the 
underlying bill, States are already allowed to include student growth measures in their accountability system if the State chooses. 
Adding a Federal mandate is contrary to this bill’s purpose of returning control to the hands of the State and local education leaders; therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding and for offering this important amendment. 
Behind, schools were punished if all students did not reach a static proficiency target. It did not matter how many gains students made or how close students were to reaching proficiency. The system under No Child Left Behind was unworkable and damaging. 
This reauthorization should recognize the tremendous gains most students make each year, and it should provide an incentive for schools to provide differentiated instruction to all students, including those performing above and below any proficiency benchmark. It is time to replace the No Child Left Behindstyle accountability systems that label schools as failing, even when students make tremendous growth. 
in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
for bringing forward this very important amendment that really cuts to the heart of one of the most important changes from No Child Left Behind. 
Left Behind had a concept called adequate yearly progress. It is a bit of a misnomer because it was anything but progress. It was a static picture of where students were. With this new bill reflected in H.R. 5 and the Democratic substitute, the goal is to look at student growth. 
bill absent the Meeks amendment leaves student growth optional. The core piece of Federal education policy, from both a civil rights perspective and an education perspective, should be to ensure that for every child in our country there is accountability for the academic growth of that child each year. That is the key tenet of transparency and accountability that this amendment would restore to the underlying bill. 
this amendment, it would remedy one of the major inequities and setbacks in 
had universal goals, even if the goals were off the mark. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I think the case has been made for the growth model as opposed to the static model. It is much fairer. It gives credit where credit is due, as the gentleman from New York has said. Some teachers produce 2 and sometimes 3 years’ growth in 1 year, but because the student was so far behind, they are still not up to par on the static test; and on the AYP standard, that school is a failing school although they did tremendous work. 
The reason that this needs to be required is these assessments are a little more expensive, and if you don’t require it, they won’t get done. These are the better assessments and should be a part of the legislation. 
issue that I believe really needs to be addressed, and I would hope that this amendment will be included in a larger bipartisan reauthorization of ESEA. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
insert ‘‘by status as a student in foster care,’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) and a 
rise today to speak in support of amendment No. 4, which requires that the Secretary of Education disapprove any State plan that fails to, in consulting with the State and local education agencies, demonstrate that there is a separate reporting of academic assessments for foster youth. The bill requires the Secretary of Education to report academic assessments for foster children. 
school door, closes a prison.’’ I believe this statement is particularly true for children living in poverty, those who are homeless, and those in the foster care system. Many students are blessed to have 
parents that can be advocates for them in and out of school; they have parents that know their teachers, attend PTA meetings, and even testify at school board hearings. However, too many young people are not that lucky. 
One in 45 children experience homelessness in America each year. Children experiencing homelessness are four times more likely to show delayed development and are twice as likely to have learning disabilities. Many of these children are under the care of the State through our foster care system. 
There are approximately 402,000 children in foster care in the United States. In Michigan alone, approximately 13,000 children are in foster care on any given day. On average, children remain in State care for nearly 2 years, and 8 percent of children in foster care have been there for more than 4 or 5 years. The ethnic breakdown is even more devastating, as 24 percent of those in foster care are African American, double the percentage of African American children in the entire United States population. 
aged out of foster care without permanent families. In fact, research has shown that those who leave care without being linked to permanent families are likely to experience homelessness, unemployment, and incarceration as adults. The State, therefore, has a vested interest in this next generation of Americans who face heightened emotional, behavioral, and academic challenges. 
disaggregates the data that is already collected. If included, the data generated would allow the State to track the achievement or failure of students who are in foster care on their academic assessments. As you are aware, academic assessment results are already disaggregated within each State and LEA by gender, racial and ethnic group, English proficiency status, students with disabilities, and students with an Active Duty military parent. This only seeks to ensure that foster youth are also monitored and reported on so that the State can take corrective action, as needed. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Foster children are a vulnerable population of students that face many disruptions in their lives. Unfortunately, it sometimes also disrupts their education. This amendment will allow States and schools to see how their foster children are doing, in addition to other subgroups of students, and then better address their unique needs to improve their education. Again, I thank the gentlewoman for 
the amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
construed to prohibit a local educational agency from administering its own assessments in lieu of the Statedesigned academic assessment system under this paragraph, if— 
approval from the State to administer a locally designed academic assessment system; 
comparable among all local educational agencies within the State; and 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and a 
Congress, I continually hear from folks in my district about the need for more local control of education. Mandates from Washington do not always translate well to the school boards, administrators, and teachers who are closest to our Nation’s students and are ultimately responsible for providing education in our schools. 
flexibility to States and localities in many beneficial ways, the need for additional flexibility for school districts—specifically, in regards to testing—has come to my attention. The amendment I have offered would provide this additional flexibility to localities by giving States new authority to allow local educational agencies to administer their own locally designed academic assessment system in place of the Statedesigned academic system. 
out by the underlying bill for Statedesigned academic assessments would also apply to any locally designed academic assessment, this would provide an opportunity for localities to create their own assessment tests if they have determined their respective statewide test does not meet their individual 
the approval of the State to do this. Having this choice can only benefit our Nation’s schools as they seek to provide quality education in a transparent manner. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, this would just add confusion to an already difficult situation. To have each locality set its own assessments means that all of the assessments are going to be different. 
be different from another city. If a student in one city moves from another city, all of a sudden, they become more intelligent? No, they just did better on that different assessment. 
substitute, we have an amendment coming up, an idea that the assessments should be as accurate as possible and that we should have as few assessments as possible. 
about is the multiple tests and the burden of these tests. We can do better. But allowing each locality to come up with its own homebaked assessment only will lead to confusion and something that nobody will understand. You won’t know whether a student in one city is doing as well as a student in another city because you can’t compare the results. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
I just want to say that this would be 
a new authority given to localities that the State would have to approve. The school district or locality could exercise that authority ongoing. 
Practically speaking, if a school district in Virginia, for example, felt that the standards of learning were not suitable for their needs, they would have the opportunity to create and administer their own Rockingham County assessment test. But since the State is still ultimately responsible for this and has the authority to determine to do this, I think this is going to occur in limited circumstances because the State still has that ultimate power and responsibility. 
the underlying bill for Statedesigned academic assessments would apply to any locally designed academic assessment: reading and math assessments in each of grades three through eight and once in high school; and in science, once in elementary, middle, and high school; reasonable adaptations and accommodations for students with disabilities; inclusion of English learners and so on. 
innovation that may help to better inform how we do this testing process. 
Let’s open this up to more ideas from more communities, and I think this will be very well received by school systems around the country and by the States, for that matter. 
transparency. Parents and the community will still be able to have access to the information they need about their schools. Under my amendment, any locally derived assessment would still be required to provide data that is comparable among all local education agencies in the State. 
HELP Committee released a discussion draft of his ESEA reauthorization bill in January, and it includes a similar provision to this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman and the members of his staff working with me and my staff on this amendment, and I, again, urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, this unfortunate amendment, which enjoys 
the opposition of both the Chamber of Commerce as well as the civil rights and disability community, would effectively gut the transparency and accountability that we currently have around performance and growth in public schools. 
common measuring stick to understand how all students are doing. Allowing districts to create and measure their success by their own standards effectively encourages dumbing down of standards and disguises the persistence of learning gaps across our communities. Accountability provides important information to help educators benchmark student performance relevant to students statewide, not just students in their school or district. The learning that we have for making sure that we can compare students from across the State is absolutely critical in creating a high performance, quality public education system. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment proposes to give additional flexibility. It actually provides additional disguises and subterfuge, which is why it is opposed by both the business community and the civil rights community. It is really important that we maintain our commitment to transparency and accountability and that we know what performance standards we are measuring our students against. I would encourage my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
parts of a letter from the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. It says: 
Locally developed assessments will undermine one of the central tenets of State and local efforts to raise achievement for all students: the ability to have comparable data and, as a result, know how all students, in all schools and all communities, fare on a common, objective measure of achievement. 
ensure the students who are the focus of Federal law—lowincome students, students of color, students with disabilities, and English learners—are not being subject to lower expectations than their peers. The assessments provide parents, communities, and advocates with critical information about how well different schools and districts are serving different students, a crucial tool for monitoring and ensuring protection of civil rights. Local assessment would not allow for these same comparisons. 
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, a coalition charged by its diverse membership of more than 200 national organizations to promote and protect the civil and human rights of all persons in the United States, we urge you to oppose Representative Goodlatte’s Amendment #74 to H.R. 5, which would allow school districts to administer their own assessments in lieu of a single, statewide assessment. Locally developed assessments will undermine one of the central tenets of state and local efforts to raise achievement for all students: the ability to have comparable data and, as a result, know how all students, in all schools and all communities, fare on a common, objective measure of achievement. 
ensure the students who are the focus of federal law—lowincome students, students of color, students with disabilities, and English learners—are not being subject to lower expectations than their peers. The assessments provide parents, communities, and advocates with critical information about how well different schools and districts are serving different students, a crucial tool for monitoring and ensuring the protection of civil rights. Local assessment would not allow for these same comparisons. 
and urge you to vote against Goodlatte Amendment #74, which further weakens H.R. 5 and undermines the protections of civil rights. If you have any questions, please contact Liz King, Senior Policy Analyst and Director of Education Policy, at king@civilrights.org. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, for those reasons I would oppose this amendment and reserve the balance of my time. 
am the only speaker, and I would urge my colleagues to support the amendment for the reasons I have already elaborated. It is important to give States, local governments, and school divisions more flexibility. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I would hope that we would follow the guidance of the business and 
the civil rights communities and oppose the amendment offered by my distinguished colleague from Virginia. We oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HULTGREN ). 
The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) and a Member 
this is a commonsense amendment that seeks to appoint a neutral ombudsperson within the Department of Education to address student K–12 textbook standards and concerns. 
somebody who could receive complaints from students, teachers, administrators—anybody in the schools. This person would be independent of the Secretary. And most importantly, because I know that we yield much power to the States over curriculum in textbooks, this is somebody who would not have any authority to make binding decisions to overturn State decisions, but somebody who could help take in complaints or concerns and also help resolve those concerns within the States, sometimes between publishers in the States, for example. 
this forward. First, in different States, as in my State of Texas, for example, there have been some very heated disputes over what should be included in textbooks—when we think about history, for example. In 2010, I believe, the State Board of Education in Texas considered removing Thomas Jefferson— for the Virginians that are here—from the list of influential philosophers. They have tried to remove Cesar Chavez from Texas textbooks. Some of the same things have happened in places like Arizona, where there have been very heated battles over textbooks there. 
any binding authority to resolve those disputes. This would simply be somebody at the Department of Education 
who could offer voluntarily to help resolve them or also take in those concerns. 
ago—and this is just an anecdote to illustrate this—there was a woman who sent me a picture over Facebook. The picture was of her daughter’s textbook. Her daughter was taking summer school at, I believe, my old high school, Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. This textbook was completely graffitied. It was torn up. It was about as battered as you could find a textbook. This woman was making the point to me that her daughter should not have to be learning from that textbook because the quality was absolutely horrendous. 
some school districts, students were no longer able to take textbooks home with them. Even though the school district had not moved to online learning or anything like that, they weren’t able to take textbooks home with them because of the condition of the textbooks and because they were being torn up so much. 
I think that we need at the Department of Education somebody who can take in those concerns and let the Congress know about them and let the Department know about them, but also offer to work with the States to improve those conditions because something like that is most certainly affecting students’ learning ability. 
the gentleman for offering his amendment, even though I am opposed to it. 
good textbooks for students that cover the material thoroughly, fairly, and most importantly, accurately. But there is no Federal role in determining what those books are or judging the quality of them, frankly. All the arguments the gentleman makes can be taken care of at the State level and at the local level. 
I fail to see how they would get any 
better result in any of his examples by having some Federal bureaucrat hundreds, if not thousands, of miles away from the situation do any better job with it. In fact, Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government already is prohibited from weighing in on things like curriculum and standards. There is absolutely no role for the Federal Government in approving or overseeing the adoption of textbooks. I think that is a bad idea. It leads us on a slippery slope to even worse outcomes. 
So it is in that spirit and that vein 
urge my colleagues, all of them, Republican and Democrat, to do so as well. 
will the gentleman from Indiana yield me 30 seconds? Mr. ROKITA. I yield the gentleman 
gentleman’s concerns, and I understand that most of the power in this subject matter is vested with the States. But the fact is there are real problems in some of our States that are not being addressed and that aren’t being handled in the State capitols. This position is a nonbinding one, one where folks in the States would have to come and voluntarily seek out a dispute resolution. This person wouldn’t have any power to make decisions for the States or override any decisions. I understand the wariness among many here in this 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman, again, for his concern, but I fail to see how this Capitol can do any better a job in solving the problem than the gentleman’s State capitol or at the local level. The government that governs best is the government that is closest to the people, and that serves this situation well. 
this, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 58, strikes lines 12 through 14 and insert the following: 
that provide students indepth interaction with industry professionals for the purposes of gaining experience and, if appropriate, academic credit;’’. 
Page 58, line 19, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) and 
bill to the floor. While I still have strong concerns about the underlying bill, I am pleased to offer this bipartisan amendment along with my good friend and colleague, Mr. G.T. THOMP SONof Pennsylvania. 
As cochairs of the Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, Mr. THOMPSON and I are committed to 
expanding skills training that will provide students of all ages with the capabilities necessary to meet the demands of the modern economy. Our amendment simply provides flexibility for States to use title I funds for apprenticeships and comprehensive career counseling. 
Now, this is becoming a common refrain I know, but the skills gap is a persistent and wholly fixable drag on our economy, and we simply need to address it. In conversations with businessowners across my home State in Rhode Island, I have constantly heard that they are struggling to find qualified candidates to fill the job openings that they have available right now. In a State such as mine that has one of the highest unemployment rates in the country still, this is a troubling situation that we need to fix. 
proven way for students to gain real world experience while earning credit toward high school graduation. Students are able to get onthejob training and skills needed for future career success. Adding apprenticeships to title I will provide a muchneeded boost to career training programs. 
make it easier for school districts to invest in comprehensive career counseling, a vital part of skills training. 
diplomas are no longer sufficient for the modern job market. Our amendment seeks to help school counselors connect high school students with the skills that they need to succeed in the 21stcentury workforce. 
job will require a college degree, some sort of postsecondary education will be absolutely necessary, and, in fact, is absolutely necessary. Whether it comes from a community college, a skills training program, or onthejob training, we need to change what it means to be college and careerready. We need to provide students with the knowledge and the experience that will truly prepare them for what is next. 
of my colleagues to join us in supporting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, although I am not opposed to this thoughtful amendment, I claim the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my good friend and cochairman of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, Mr. LANGEVIN , for working with me on this amendment and his leadership. We believe it is vitally important that flexibility be provided to local school districts as they explore options for students to earn academic credit through internships or apprenticeships. 
have subscribed to a onesizefitsall approach when it comes to the opportunities available to all students. 
be going on to a 4year postsecondary school or program. Mr. Chairman, this is a false premise. It is not realistic and certainly not fair to students. 
school college and career ready, it is imperative that we allow school districts to assist young learners in career exploration and the positive gains that can be achieved through realworld work experiences. 
for school districts to provide credit for achieving these realworld academic experiences. I encourage support of this amendment. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
the gentleman for his leadership. On behalf of Chairman KLINE and myself 
and other certain members of the committee, I would like to put on the RECORD that we think this amendment 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank both of my colleagues for their supportive comments in support of this amendment. I urge all of my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 58, line 19, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and 
want to thank the committee for working with me during markup to address my concerns, especially the bill’s impact on our Nation’s afterschool programs. Supporting kids who attend afterschool programs has been a bipartisan effort. 
school districts that use title I money for afterschool, before school, or summer school activities to report and describe those activities in their local plans. I am confident the data collected from this reporting will further demonstrate the importance of afterschool programs to our Nation’s kids. 
We already know afterschool programs help keep kids safe, improve academic performance, and help working families across America. The benefits of these programs span all aspects of our communities. Students participating in afterschool programs have shown improvement in homework completion. There is also improvement in class participation and in attendance. 
behavior, and lower rates of drug use and violence. Where I am from in Pennsylvania, gangs have become a problem in some of our areas. When I was mayor of Hazleton, I saw it on our own streets. Afterschool programs offer a safe environment for kids to further their academic learning, rather than seeking out and joining gangs. 
the Schools & Homes In Education afterschool program is expanding from Carbon County into Luzerne County in my district. This nationally recognized program offers afterschool and summer school programs for kids in preK through college. It focuses on projects in STEM courses—science, technology, engineering, and math—as well as the arts. 
young people who later go on to graduate from professional schools, colleges, and universities to become important parts of our Nation’s workforce. It is a deterrent for criminal behavior. 
programs like SHINE can change a child’s future for the better. I will continue to advocate for their success. I have a special interest in the improvement of our educational system because two of my four daughters are teachers. This amendment and legislation as a whole are very close to my heart. 
America’s students succeed not only in academic success, but in student engagement as well. 
their support for afterschool programs by supporting my amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
of my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
spend time in our district and visit many of our local schools. One thing that I heard from both administrators and teachers are the success of afterschool programs and the summer programs. Let’s face it, sometimes, students just have a difficult time maybe during the school year, and they get behind, and when they get behind, they tend to stay behind. 
summer programs give our students the opportunity to catch up. That is important because, as long as they are with and remain with the class and can be successful, they are successful students. 
that school districts report afterschool, before school, or summer activities in their local education plans. 
the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
his interest and his work on this subject, as well as thank our ranking member for his service and the work that he has put into this overall effort. 
it is important that we stop for a moment and recognize the effect, the impact, that afterschool programs have in the lives and the trajectory of the lives of so many kids in this country who otherwise don’t have a positive outlet for all the energy that these young people carry around with them all the time. 
country—certainly neighborhoods in the communities that I represent—that without afterschool programming provided in that school building, there is no other positive avenue available for them. There is not a community center. There is not a park that is maintained. They don’t have the access to or the means to join a YMCA or a YWCA. 
have to explore cultural activities, to become involved in music or in the arts or in just good physical exercise, are those afterschool programs, which have the additional value of connecting these young people to their school in a way that is not solely tied to simply 
classroom time and the very important work that they are doing on their academic studies, but allows them to fill that connection to school as the center of their community. 
Of course, what we know—and the research is clear on this—is that young people who are involved in afterschool programming, they do better academically. 
forward to working with him on afterschool programming. It is really important, and I think it is right that the Congress address it. 
my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for his amendment. 
done by afterschool, before school, and summer programs. These programs have been proven to increase academic achievement, increase student achievement, and reduce dropouts. 
some studies that show that many students actually regress during the summer. If they are given effective summer programs, that regression can certainly be stopped, so it is a very powerful idea. 
his amendment, and I hope that it is adopted. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Section 1119 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6319) is amended— 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
must keep a critical part of ESEA: standards for paraprofessionals. 
classroom professionals—or paraprofessionals as they are called—must be prepared and equipped to carry out their work in the classroom. 
Today, paraprofessionals are qualified to provide muchneeded instructional support, especially for students with special needs. Every school district in our country is in compliance with these standards and has been since 2006. In fact, 11 States, including my own State of Illinois, have already codified these requirements in their own State law. 
Removing these Federal requirements would risk defaulting to low or nonexistent standards for these professionals at the State or local levels. We simply can’t let this happen. 
overcrowded, and paraprofessionals provide teachers with the critical support they need to best educate our children. I am a strong supporter of our teachers, and part of that support comes in ensuring that their aides and other classroom counterparts are qualified to do their jobs. 
are turning our backs on the teachers who educate our children. Let’s support our teachers and support paraprofessionals. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
my colleagues for this amendment, although I must oppose it. 
Federal requirements for paraprofessionals. These provisions place too much emphasis on a teacher’s credentials, degrees, and licensing. As a result, schools have come to value a teacher’s resume over his or her ability to increase student achievement, i.e., their effectiveness. 
The elimination of these requirements in the Student Success Act does not prohibit States or local school districts from having requirements for teachers and paraprofessionals, but certainly, it is not the job of the Federal Government to tell States and locals what those requirements are. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ). 
role in our schools. They are teacher’s aides, instructional assistants, and often work closest with specialneeds students. They also provide support to teachers by working with students in direct instructional roles. 
As a grandfather of student with special needs, I clearly understand the importance of ensuring that he has the proper support he needs at school. 
new standards or requirements. It simply maintains the qualification requirements already in place. Without these requirements, we risk having underqualified people in charge of special education students. 
we have qualified, trained paraprofessionals, teachers, and administrators. Remember, every schoolteacher in the country is already compliant with this requirement. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, when Congress enacted No Child Left Behind in 2002, we recognized the importance of paraprofessional qualifications. 
a significant impact on their success in school, paraprofessionals provide a wide range of critical support, including tutoring, computer assistance, library resources, classroom management, translation, and other instructional services. 
In the past 13 years, paraprofessionals have met these strong qualifications, including minimum postsecondary credentials and a demonstration of specialized knowledge. They already meet these standards, and that is why it is unfortunate that the underlying bill repeals these standards. 
want to go backwards in maintaining the high standards; and that is why this amendment is so important, and I would hope it would be adopted. 
purpose of ESEA was to improve the status of education for all of our children in this country regardless of their ZIP Code or their special needs status. Let’s keep these standards for paraprofessionals intact. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bipartisan amendment to support teachers and students. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, in closing, I 
would like to say that the whole theme, the whole purpose of the Student Success Act is the fact that we trust teachers, parents, local policymakers, local taxpayers more, thinking that they can do a better job than anyone out here in Washington, D.C. 
are certainly good ones. Standards are a good thing; they should be made at the local and State level. The government that governs best is the one that is closest to the people. That is what the Student Success Act, in large part, is about. 
indicates that he is the grandfather of a special needs child. I am the father of a special needs child. As one of the authors of the Student Success Act, I think these standards can be well adopted at the State and local level, and that is where they should be adopted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . FUDGE  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 92, strike lines 8 through 14 and insert 
by striking ‘‘part’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’. 
agency may receive funds under a covered program for any fiscal year only if the State educational agency finds that either the combined fiscal effort per student or the aggregate expenditures of the agency and the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the agency for the preceding fiscal year was not less than 90 percent of the combined fiscal effort or aggregate expenditures for the second preceding fiscal year. 
the requirements of this section if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) and a Member 
amendment would reinstate maintenance of effort requirements in H.R. 5. It would continue to require States to show that current year funding is at least 90 percent of the prior year amount before receiving any Federal education dollars. 
protect resources for schools and students in tough economic times. Removal of maintenance of effort requirements from ESEA, as contemplated in H.R. 5, would allow States to raid their education budgets to pay for other budget line items or programs. That will leave the Federal Government the primary or only funding source for schools. 
If the goal of H.R. 5 is to reduce Federal input for education, this does just the opposite. States should not be given free rein to reduce school funding. That approach disproportionately impacts poor communities and children. This Congress should not revert to the times of larger class sizes, poorly supported teachers, and less access to rigorous curriculum for so many of our poor, disabled, and Englishlearning children. 
common law is a commonsense safeguard. It ensures State agencies remain invested in key education programs while still allowing States the room to respond to changing fiscal realities. 
is to increase resources to an education, especially focused on areas of high poverty. The underlying bill limits the amount of money that can be spent under the bill. It takes money by changing the formula from lowincome areas to highincome areas, and now this amendment tries to eliminate one of the most devastating impacts, that is the requirement of the maintenance of effort. 
the States, it can only increase money going to education if the States maintain their effort. If they are able to reduce their effort and just replace the money they were spending with the 
increase in education, and the ones left behind continue to remain behind. 
amendment. It makes sure that the Federal money actually increases the money going to education to help those left behind, and I would hope that we would correct this grievous error in the underlying bill by adopting the amendment. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
amendment because it simply goes back to the status quo of current law, which ties the hands of State officials over budgeting. 
Federal control and greater flexibility, not the opposite. We need to stop thinking that we know what is best for States, and that includes telling them how much to spend on various areas of their budget. 
civil rights provisions in current law are kept. We don’t have that issue with this bill. 
just because you spend more money on something doesn’t mean you get a better result. Since 1970, Federal education spending has increased 300 percent in this country, while test scores have remained flat. So just increasing funding levels isn’t necessarily the answer. 
The fact of the matter is an MOE directs the States’ and individuals’ property, i.e., their money, to do things that really we shouldn’t be telling States or localities or individuals what to do with. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
thank Representative F UDGE for yielding and for offering this important amendment. 
Public education is primarily the responsibility of States and local school districts. Historically, the Federal Government contributes about 10 percent of funding to K–12 education. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, since it was first enacted as part of the war on poverty, has supplemented the role of States and districts by providing targeted resources to students and communities that have traditionally been underserved and continue to need that additional support. This amendment is critical to preserving that targeted role. 
not be used to replace the investment of States in public education. I urge 
my colleagues to support Representative FUDGE ’s important amendment. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, it is certainly important that we restore MOE requirements to this bill. H.R. 5 must be amended to ensure every child in America has access to a quality education. 
that even this amendment will not improve it significantly. Therefore, I respectfully withdraw my amendment. 
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 92, strike lines 19 and 20 and insert 
sentence: ‘‘Each local educational agency shall develop agreements with such Head Start agencies and other entities to carry out such activities.’’; and 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and 
there is no doubt that Head Start programs produce incredible benefits for American children and families involved and for their communities. Those benefits are not only educational, but economic and healthrelated as well. 
in California, I have seen firsthand how effective these programs can be at making kids excited about learning at an early age and the positive effects that they have on their education in the future. 
ensure that local education agencies are working collaboratively with Head Start to ensure Head Start is providing services that are the most thoughtful and relevant to their local community. However, while Head Start agencies are required to form coordination agreements with local education agencies, the opposite is not true, which slows the process and creates unnecessary bureaucracy. 
Head Start agencies to spend weeks on end trying to pin down the local education agency. The local education agency, on the other hand, doesn’t feel that it is a priority to sign an official agreement since they are not required to do so. This causes the process to break down. This amendment is short and sweet. 
It would simply strengthen the language that currently exists within the ESEA, which reads that both parties must coordinate with early childhood programs and, instead, require local education agencies to develop agreements with Head Start agencies. 
street, would clarify and solidify the process, and would be a victory for local education agencies, Head Start programs, and the children in the programs that they both serve. 
in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, research 
indicates reliable, highquality child care is critical to sustaining parents’ ability to work. That is why the legislation would allow States and schools to use funds allocated through what we call the local academic flexible grant under title I to support preK programs. Instead of creating a Federal program, as I see this amendment, it improves the coordination between existing Head Start programs and local educational agencies. 
This amendment improves the underlying bill, I think, and strengthens existing early childhood care and education programs for children in lowincome families. 
like to thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. Again, I think it improves the underlying bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and a 
Chairman, I rise today to offer this amendment that would protect the voices of our educational professionals and also maintain local control, which is what reforming the ESEA program is all about, especially in my district. 
savings clause of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that nothing in Federal law can be construed to terminate or overturn a State or local collective bargaining law, memorandum, or other agreements. 
Left Behind and has been in existence for more than 20 years. In addition, 34 States, including my home State of Illinois, Mr. Chairman, explicitly allow collective bargaining for teachers, education support professionals, and other higher education faculty. The amendment does not expand collective bargaining rights that exist in current law. 
provides certainty to local and State entities that the current collective bargaining agreements will remain in place. This amendment is supported by many here in Washington and many teachers and educational professionals that I have spoken with, including those at the Illinois Education Association and the National Education Association. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois. The amendment is thoughtful and necessary to restore employee protections that are already in current law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I think this is a good 
amendment. It clarifies the law on this topic, and I am glad to support it. I thank the gentleman for offering it, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, relationships between districts and their employees can at times be turbulent. It is challenging for school board members, and it is challenging for educators. Most of all, it is challenging and frustrating for the parents of kids who are in the schools. What this amendment does is it helps to provide a degree of certainty and predictability with regard to collective bargaining agreements that are in place. 
reauthorization, we should focus on what needs to be fixed and what doesn’t need to be fixed. The truth is many collective bargaining agreements in place are strong and are an asset to the districts that have them. We have many school districts in Colorado that have entered collective bargaining agreements with their educators, agreements that include pay for performance, that include quality measures; and we should encourage that kind of creativity at the district level. 
kind of stability within this regime as we switch to a postNo Child Left Behind era, providing the predictability for the educators who are in the classroom every day and who are doing the very best they can to educate our kids, is a tenet that, hopefully, we all agree on and is one that is reflected in this amendment, which I strongly support. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time in order to offer closing remarks. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Representative D AVIS and Representative 
JOYCE BEATTY for offering this amendment. The savings clause is an important feature of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and I appreciate the bipartisan effort of my colleagues to reinstate it. 
The Student Success Act should respect collective bargaining agreements and memoranda of understanding that have been negotiated across this country. I commend the Representatives for their work to make sure that this legislation we are debating does not interfere with local laws or agreements, and I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this commonsense amendment. 
When I go back and speak to my educational professionals and also as a father of three teenagers in the Taylorville, Illinois, public school system, it is constantly about: How do we make sure that Washington stays out 
of running our schools in our local school districts? That is what is so great about other provisions in this ESEA reform package. My colleague Mr. ROKITA and my colleague Chairman J OHNKLINE have put measures in 
place that will fix some of the problems that many of us have seen through the implementation of No Child Left Behind over a decade ago. 
Local control matters, and in this instance, this clarifies that local control and locally negotiated collective bargaining agreements are not superseded by bureaucrats here in Washington, 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Illinois (Mr. BOST), my friend and colleague. 
Mr. BOST. I thank my friend from Illinois for yielding. 
nothing in the bill shall interfere with State and local collective bargaining laws. This amendment is about Federal respect of State and local laws. When it comes to education, I am a firm believer in local control, and everybody who has known me over the years from my State knows that to be a fact. 
For too long, the Federal Government has attempted to determine for parents, teachers, and school administrators what is best for our schools and for our children in southern Illinois. The underlying bill may not be perfect, but we can’t let it fall for the good that it does do. The legislation takes an important step forward in restoring local control in education. That is good for my kids, and it is good for your kids. 
Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. BOST), who 
has been a fighter for those in education throughout his tenure as a State representative in Illinois. He and I have worked together on these issues for over 20 years. 
before he spoke, I will take this opportunity, before I lose my voice completely, to yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 229, line 1, after ‘‘the Secretary’’ insert ‘‘makes a determination in writing to Congress for that fiscal year that the level and quality of educational services to individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line has not decreased since the date of enactment of the Student Success Act and’’ 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a 
most vulnerable students by ensuring that highpoverty schools are not adversely affected by provisions in H.R. 5, which propose changes in the funding allocation formula for teacher support and the quality of educational services under title II of the No Child Left Behind Act. Mr. Chair, if we don’t adopt this amendment, we may inadvertently break a long bipartisan agreement on our fundamental need to ensure that our lowincome students are not assigned less qualified teachers and less quality educational resources than their more advantaged peers. 
that serves students in poverty faces many, many hurdles and challenges in recruiting and in retaining teachers as well as other qualified staff. Current law prioritizes teacher development funding to States and schools serving the greatest concentrations of students in poverty. 
Specifically, the No Child Left Behind title II formula for school districts focuses 65 percent of funds on students in poverty and 35 percent on the number of students, which is students in poverty versus just the number of students. The State formula focuses 80 percent of its funding on poverty and 20 percent on student population. H.R. 5 completely upends this. It eliminates this critical prioritization by equally weighting poverty with mere student population, sort of cutting the baby in half, 50/50. This removes substantial Federal support from schools and States serving the poorest students and gives these funds to schools and States without similar levels of economic need. This, of course, Mr. Chair, has an impact on every single State in the Union where there are disparate levels of income in our communities. It undermines teacher training and student achievement for students in poverty. 
the implementation of this formula until the Secretary of Education certifies to Congress that students in poverty are not adversely affected by this change in service, quality, and level. This would provide the appropriate caution before eliminating that critical safeguard of funds for students in poverty. 
fear that H.R. 5 would result in Federal dollars being siphoned away from States and school districts with the poorest students and being awarded to States and schools with higher affluence. In fact, data from the U.S. Department of Education released earlier this week show that H.R. 5 translates into billions of dollars of cuts in school districts serving high populations of Black and Hispanic students. 
must decry the loss of these educational resources to the largest school district in my jurisdiction, and that is the Milwaukee Public Schools system. They would lose upwards of $160 million in Federal funds for impoverished students over a 6year period if we ratify H.R. 5 in its current form. Our Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, has called this kind of a reverse Robin Hood—stealing from the poor to give to the rich. 
want to point out one last thing. This is budget neutral. This amendment doesn’t add one dime to the cost of this bill. Its only intention is to protect the very teacher supports that help close the achievement gaps for lowincome students. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. 
Mr. Chair, how much time do I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
the gentlewoman for this amendment, although I must oppose it. 
amendment is unnecessary in the sense that, during the last Congress, the House adopted a nearly identical amendment offered by the gentlewoman when H.R. 5 was considered at the time. Because it was adopted, her original amendment is included in the base text of this version of H.R. 5; therefore, this amendment is duplicative of existing language. 
gentlewoman that she fails to see just how persuasive she was in the last Congress, and I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, not because of the underlying idea, but because it is simply duplicative of existing language. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, if this is duplicative, then it does no harm. This was offered with an abundance of caution because the formula is being proposed to be changed. 
So just vote for it. I mean, if it is repetitive or redundant, what is the harm? Please vote for it. Please withdraw your objection. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
term ‘workforce critical subject’ means an academic subject of urgent importance to the current and future workforce needs of the State, including science, technology, engineering, math, and any other subject that has been identified by the State, in consultation with employer, workforce, community, educator, parent and professional stakeholders.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is quite simple. It requires States to identify ‘‘workforce critical subjects’’ for their schools. A workforce critical subject is one that matches the needs of employers to the courses being taught. 
skills that don’t match the needs of our employers. In West Virginia, we have needs for jobs in oil and gas, health care, information technology, and clean coal research. 
But each State is different. Currently, 60 percent of U.S. employers are experiencing difficulties finding qualified workers to fill vacancies, and 58 percent of HR professionals reported that workers lack competencies needed to perform their jobs. 
This amendment will help States identify areas where to focus on developing skills and competencies needed in the workforce. This could involve an increased focus on science, technology, engineering, and math. Identifying workforcecritical subjects will help us do just that. 
support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I ask to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I think the gentleman’s amendment focuses on the importance of aligning education with labor market needs so that when you get educated, you are educated for the jobs of the future. The underlying bill, however, does not insist on college and career ready standards so that when young people graduate from high school, they ought to be ready for a job or for college. 
We would like to see in the legislation that the standards set by each State provide that if you graduate from high school, you are able to go to college without remediation. That is not in the underlying bill. This amendment does a step in the right direction by aligning education to labor market needs. 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. KLINE) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) at 6 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–29 offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY) had been disposed of. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ), on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 204, noes 217, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, and SMITH of Nebraska changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, DIAZ BALART, DOLD, CURBELO of Florida, UPTON, Ms. TSONGAS, Messrs. CLYBURN, AL GREEN of Texas, ROYCE, Ms. STEFANIK, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 114, noes 311, not voting 7, as follows: 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Cooper DeSantis DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Fincher Fleming Flores Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) Labrador Lance Loudermilk Love Lujan Grisham 
Massie McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Nolan Olson Palmer Pascrell 
Perry Peters Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley 
Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins 
Honda Hoyer Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, Members are advised that the House is expected to complete its work for the week by tomorrow evening. Information on the legislation that will be considered and more detailed floor timing for tomorrow will be announced after the conclusion of the Rules Committee hearing tonight. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
expect that we will deal with the current schedule that we have before us, plus dealing with DHS. 
tell us, in light of fact that is less than 24 hours from now, what we might be considering with respect to keeping the 
Department of Homeland Security operating on a permanent basis through September 30? 
knows, we dealt with this weeks ago and sent it over to the Senate. And as I just listed before, we will provide that information after the Rules Committee hearing tonight. 
going to meet tonight at 9:30 tonight, is that the—8:00. Somebody said 8 o’clock over here—a member of the Rules Committee. Was it at 8:00 or at 9:30? 
been now—you are correct—6 weeks leaving the Department of Homeland Security twisting in the wind. We have done that as the gentleman knows—— 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I have been very clear about the schedule for tomorrow. We will end our work by tomorrow evening. This House has taken action to make sure that DHS is fully funded. We did our part. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, 2minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 243, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) 
Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 201, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Renacci 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 185, noes 239, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
LEHTINEN ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 235, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 235, line 9, strike the period at the 
Page 241, line 4, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 241, line 7, strike the period at the 
for success initiatives that meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
‘‘(ix) Supporting State or local pay for success initiatives that meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
Page 257, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 258, line 3, strike the period at the 
for success initiatives that meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
out of funding for the pay for success initiative without respect to a successful outcome, 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ) and a 
I want to start by thanking Congressman YOUNG , Congressman P OLIS, Chairman K LINE, and Ranking Member 
SCOTT for their support of this bipartisan amendment. I know my colleagues join me, Madam Chair, in the view that whenever the government, the private sector, and the notforprofit community work well together, we get better outcomes for all of our citizens, which is exactly what the Pay for Success framework is designed to do. It allows local governments to innovate and address best practices and be fiscally responsible with respect to the provision of government services. 
designed specifically to allow the funds that are allocated in the underlying bill for teacher training and retention to utilize Pay for Success frameworks against those programs. 
United States. It is estimated to cost our educational system $1 to $2 billion. In my own State of Maryland, it is estimated to cost up to $45 million. It is very important that we make a difference against this problem. We want to make sure that educational agencies have as many tools available at their disposal as possible to work against this problem, including Pay for Success approaches and frameworks. 
colleagues for their support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chair, I claim time in opposition, although I am supportive of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland for his hard work on this important amendment and for his leadership. Currently, teacher attrition costs the United States over $1 billion each year. Many teachers leave within the first 5 years because of a lack of effective mentoring, training, and support. Providing these teachers with effective, evidencebased training 
through a Pay for Success model will not only save the government money, it will also help to retain top talent in the classroom. 
do just that. It would give States and local school districts the ability to participate in this innovative new financing model in order to retain our best teachers. 
known as social impact bonds or social impact partnerships, are publicprivate partnerships that harness philanthropic and other private sector investments to scale up scientifically proven social and educational programs. Because these projects are focused on results, government money is only paid out to private sector investors when desired outcomes are met and only in accordance with the value assigned to those successful outcomes. This social impact financing model has the potential to fundamentally transform our Nation’s education programs, shifting the focus of such programs from inputs to outcomes. 
Maryland, the gentleman from Colorado, and others for their leadership on this issue. I also want to thank my fellow colleague from Indiana for his overall leadership on this educational bill. I look forward to our continued cooperation on these efforts. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), my friend. 
to thank my colleagues from Maryland and from Indiana for bringing this amendment forth. I am honored to be a cosponsor of this amendment. 
a way in which we can leverage philanthropic dollars to meet a socially desirable outcome. It is only paid back if that outcome is reached. What this can apply to teacher development and teacher training is a type of market discipline—to fund what works, to leverage our limited resources through a Pay for Success mechanism to ensure that we are getting what we paid for. 
deserve the very best in professional development. It is important for students to make sure that they benefit from the limited professional development dollars that we have. It is also important for the philanthropic community and for government investment because we want to make sure our dollars are deployed as positively as possible. 
Does the professional development lead the recipient to help improve student achievement? That is one of the ultimate benchmarks of whether professional development and teacher training work. By tying and aligning our limited resources for outcomes for supporting teachers through a Pay for 
that our limited investment has a maximum positive benefit. 
to thank the gentleman from Colorado for his support of the amendment. 
based prevention approaches a reality. We all know that many evidencebased approaches save more money than they cost. This will allow the private sector to make those investments and prove that we are right. So I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland for introducing the amendment and thank him and the gentleman from Indiana for their leadership. 
Chair. I trust it will be adopted, and we will be able to make great progress in education and other social services. 
I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I thank my colleagues for supporting it here on the floor. As I said in the beginning, whenever the government, the private sector, and the nonprofit community work together, we get better outcomes for our citizens. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the State of Washington 
Chair, I rise in support of the amendment, and I rise to support strong, conservative legislation that provides equal opportunity and education for everyone in this country, no matter their walk of life, how much money they may have, or what challenges they face. The Student Success Act improves, strengthens, and modernizes our classrooms to give all of our students the opportunity to reach their full potential. 
who has special needs, I know firsthand that everyone has different needs in the classroom. Every student’s path to learning is both unique and equally important. So I am proud to advance legislation that recognizes that. 
It all starts by innovating and empowering America’s students. That is why I have championed the 21st Century Classroom Innovation Act, included in today’s legislation, and together we will ensure that that technology will be fully incorporated into our classrooms to enhance personalized learning for our students. By blending traditional learning programs with high tech tools, we will take our classrooms and our students to the 21st century. But the foundation of real, educational reform goes beyond technological advancements and begins with an unequivocal recognition that our students may have different needs, but they should all have an equal opportunity—an equal opportunity to learn, an equal opportunity to graduate, and an equal opportunity for a diploma. 
That is why I have championed several important provisions in the Student Success Act that address these needs. 
First, when a State establishes guidelines for individualized alternative testing, they will do so on a subjectby subject basis. Parents must be clearly informed when they move their children in alternative testing, so they will fully understand the implications of making those decisions for their kids. 
children with disabilities aren’t told when their kids are moved into alternative testing. This legislation changes that. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. 
Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. It ensures that students with disabilities who have taken alternative assessments cannot be prevented from receiving a regular diploma. 
transparency, improve communication between parents and teachers, and give everyone an equal opportunity to receive a diploma. It ensures that when my son Cole and millions like him walk into a classroom, they will be defined by their abilities, not their disabilities. 
changes the way we think about and educate those with disabilities. That is how we achieve real 21st century education reform. 
Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), my colleague. 
the gentleman from Indiana, my good friend, for his leadership on this issue and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle. I appreciate it very much. 
amendment. I think it is a great example of the kind of use that we intended with this language to begin with. 
of billions of dollars on education annually. If you ask the average Hoosier or any American, they think Washington does a pretty poor job of spending those dollars efficiently, as was just demonstrated. 
should look for new and innovative ways to achieve results, which is exactly the concept behind the gentleman’s Pay for Success initiatives. These initiatives provide flexibility for the public and private sectors to partner together around common goals. 
members of the Education and the Workforce Committee, we would urge all our colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to support this amendment. 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JEFFRIES  
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) and a 
of a modest change to H.R. 5 that would amend relevant portions of the Student Success Act related to technology to include education about the harms of copyright piracy. 
This amendment is designed to encourage local educational agencies, teachers, educational staff, and parents to discuss the harms of copyright piracy, as well as the use of technology in a responsible fashion. 
In the absence of classroom instruction about the importance of intellectual property, as well as the harms of copyright piracy at the elementary and secondary school level, young people are often unaware of the boundaries established in law to prevent the illegal infringement of copyrighted content. 
uphold the societal value of respect for intellectual property, individuals must learn or be introduced to this principle at an early age. This mission, of course, is anchored in the United States constitutional charge to Congress to protect intellectual property. 
the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. 
Members of Congress to insure that creators and innovators are not robbed of the fruits of their labor. Technology, of course, is a wonderful thing, and it is the way of the future. 
ensure that our students are using it in a safe and responsible fashion or, certainly, at least, provide our local educational stakeholders the opportunity 
to disseminate information in a manner that they see fit. 
In the classroom, children are currently taught that plagiarism is an ethical violation of academic honesty. This amendment will hopefully facilitate the extension of this discussion into the digital era. 
schools and parents be given the tools necessary to proactively educate, to the extent that they see fit, information about the unforeseen impact on copyright piracy, the importance of intellectual property, and its connection, of course, to the American economy. 
support this amendment, including the educational organizations such as CreativeFuture, as well as the Copyright Alliance, the Recording Industry Association of America, the National Music Publishers’ Association, the Songwriters Guild of America, the Authors Guild, The Association of American Publishers, as well as The Recording Academy. 
foundation of the American economy. Our continued prosperity, at least in part, depends on protecting the innovation and the creative output of artists, musicians, scientists, and engineers and insuring that the next generation of creators could flourish as well. 
vital role that education can play in helping the future leaders of America understand the value of the American creative community and protect the significant sector for future generations. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this modest amendment. 
complicated field, and any guidance we can give teachers and parents in how to avoid copyright infringement and refrain from unintentional or intentional piracy would be worthwhile. 
time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I don’t intend to use the whole time. 
I just wanted to add my praise to Mr. 
Jeffries’ work. I think it also represents a good starting point. I certainly support this amendment. 
technology that are important to incorporate in professional development. Some of them have to do with the legal framework, like copyright. I would add to that illegal hacking or accessing of sites. I would add to that trademark piracy, in addition to copyright piracy. 
Some of them have to do with potential dangers to students, like cyber bullying, privacy, and knowledge about how students don’t put their personal information online or how it could make them subject to a crime. 
Along with, of course, copyright piracy, particularly in the academic context, it is important that teachers, parents, and educational professionals receive education on the fair use in the academic context, a very important piece of when you are researching document citations where the line is between plagiarism and a proper citation, where the line is between fair use in a noncommercial academic context and illegal commercial or personal use of a copyrighted product. 
I think this represents a good starting point. I look forward to working with the gentleman from New York on this issue as it moves forward, and I support the amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 240, line 15, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
principals and other school administrators in early elementary grades that includes specialized knowledge about child development and learning, developmentallyappropriate curricula and teaching practices, meaningful family engagement and collaboration with early care and education programs; 
through joint professional development opportunities, for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school leaders; or 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C LARK ) and a 
Madam Chair, in addition to achieving outstanding results for individual children, highquality early childhood education and care is as close to a silver bullet as we are going to find to solve our economic challenges. 
astonishing pace. Children’s first learning experiences during these years are critical to their visual, language, and social emotional development. Skills developed at this stage are the foundation of language and reading proficiency, the key indicators for academic and economic success later in life. 
will provide our children their first informative experiences and are, therefore, a critical influence on our Nation’s future economy. An important stepping stone to the middle class is not just access to early learning, but access to highquality learning. 
and have confidence that their kids are receiving highquality learning experiences. This confidence, in turn, enhances parents’ ability to work and reach their own economic potential. 
For this reason, I am offering a commonsense amendment. This amendment simply clarifies that professional development for early grade teachers is an acceptable use of funding under this bill. 
flexibility to use title II funds, the existing funds that are already targeted to support teachers, principals, and school leaders on professional development that directly benefits our youngest learners. It is important to note that this amendment does not require them to do so; rather, it simply allows them. 
by a range of early childhood advocates, including the Center for Law and Social Policy and Zero to Three. High quality early childhood education for our youngest learners is a goal that cuts across party lines and enjoys broad support from the American public. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
as we all can appreciate, is critical to both children and working parents. 
and Head Start centers, if they so choose, Mr. Chairman, as the gentlewoman described, would allow them, if they so choose, to coordinate and provide important services to lowincome children. 
clear understanding of the services being offered. I think this amendment is a step forward for the existing partnerships between the Head Start program and local education agencies. 
Like the amendment that was discussed before, I think this amendment is deserving of our support on both sides of the aisle. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
would like to thank Representative CLARK for yielding and for offering this 
Highquality early childhood education sets up students for success throughout their lives and is a critical component of any education system. We should be doing all we can to support early childhood educators, to help engage families in early education, and to take steps to close the achievement gap before it opens. 
to building a strong foundation for our country’s students. I urge my colleagues to support Representative CLARK ’s amendment. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 240, line 15, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
Page 240, line 20, add ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 240, insert the following after line 20: 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) and a 
today to offer an amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, to add a section on restorative justice and conflict resolution, allowing States to award grants for professional development in those areas. This amendment allows more flexibility to States by expanding the types of training that can be paid by title II funds, which would be used to make sure teachers and administrators have sufficient training opportunities. The amendment doesn’t add any cost to the bill. 
once students enter the juvenile justice system, they are more likely to be arrested as adults. Rather than feeding the schooltoprison pipeline, this amendment offers a means to train teachers and administrators on how to address disciplinary problems by means other than simply suspending or expelling students. When students are away from the classroom because of suspensions or expulsions, they are more likely to get in trouble with law enforcement. 
zero tolerance policies because students were being suspended or expelled from the classroom for relatively minor behavior. An example was a student who used his hand to simulate a gun and was suspended and another situation where a child brought a Nerf style gun to school and was reported to the police. These types of incidents hurt the students, cost society more money in the long run, and cost us human beings. 
This amendment would help by providing a means to fund the training necessary to establish disciplinary policies and procedures that don’t treat each infraction the same, often with excessive punishment. Restorative justice and conflict resolution programs work to address the cause of disciplinary problems and repair any harm that has been done. Evidence suggests those restorative justice programs work, and they save money in the long run because incarcerating youth is expensive. A report released by the Justice Policy Institute in 2014 showed incarcerating a child can exceed $400 a day—or nearly $150,000 a year. 
Many of our Nation’s most vulnerable youth are swept into the justice system as a result of the current overreliance on policing in our schools. This needs to stop. From Pennsylvania to California, schools have been seeing reductions in disciplinary infractions and suspensions because of the program’s usage, and it has been used in many communities around the country but needs to be used in more. 
support, in this country, restorative justice and this amendment. The NEA, the AFT, the Peace Alliance, National Association of Community and Restorative Justice, Dignity in Schools, and the Kansas Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution have all written in support of this amendment. 
teachers and school administrators have the opportunity and resources to address disciplinary problems in ways other than suspension, expulsion, or involving law enforcement. More flexibility will go to LEAs and save money 
in the long term. CBO has said the amendment does not add cost. 
present this amendment, which will help numerous students stay on the path to graduation and a crimefree life. I ask my fellow Members to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my friend, the gentleman from Tennessee, for this amendment. 
and other school professionals, if they so choose, at the State and local level—and that is the key here throughout our bill—to receive training and to better address problems that may arise at their schools. I agree, conflict resolution is an important tool to help keep students and faculty safe and focused on education rather than the problems. 
This is a good amendment, as it improves the underlying bill, and I thank the gentleman again for offering it. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. I want to thank my 
friend from the Hoosier State for working with me on this. 
my home county of Boulder County is one of four judicial districts in the State of Colorado to have a pilot program for restorative justice. Boulder, Weld, Pueblo, and Alamosa Counties are recipients of the pilot program, and it really is a tremendous opportunity to use restorative justice in the juvenile delinquency context. 
justice is for the young people to figure out how they can make up for their crimes directly to the people affected rather than just have a fine that is placed on them. Our district attorney, Stan Garnett, believes that 60 to 70 percent of juvenile crime will be able to be dealt with through restorative justice in Boulder County. 
partnership with the school district to this effect. The current funds for the pilot program come through the justice system. If funds are available to train educators with regard to restorative justice, a more meaningful and integrated partnership with the school district and the DA’s office and the sheriff’s department can be reached to make restorative justice even more successful, both in Boulder County, Colorado, as well as the rest of the country. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce and Chairman SESSIONS and 
rest of the Committee on Rules, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for this great amendment. I know, working with him on the Committee on the Judiciary for many years, that he is a strong supporter of crime prevention initiatives; and restorative justice and conflict resolution programs have been shown to reduce crime time and time again, and so these concepts are appropriate in our schools. They will help create safe learning environments. I am delighted to support it. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
the designee of Mr. DUFFY , I have an 
‘‘any assessments mandated by the State educational agency or local educational agency for the student for that school year, and any local educational agency policy regarding student participation in such assessments’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires school districts to be transparent in providing information to parents at the beginning of the school year on mandated assessments the students will have to take during the school year and any school district policy on assessment participation. 
school principal, I have seen firsthand the damage caused by the pervasive overuse of highstakes standardized testing. For the sake of our students and our education system, we need to move towards a more balanced form of assessment that effectively measures diverse kinds of success in teaching and student learning. Unfortunately, H.R. 5 fails to address schools’ excessive dependence on deeply problematic standardized tests. As someone who has dedicated decades of my career and my life to my students and their success, I can tell you that teachers do not join the profession to teach to the test; yet more and more educators are forced to spend time preparing students for tests, administering tests, and reviewing the results of those tests. By some estimates, almost onethird of a teacher’s time is spent preparing students to take standardized tests. This is unacceptable. That is why this amendment is so important. 
By providing parents with information about the standardized tests their students will be taking and providing them with the policies regarding student participation, we begin to hold the system accountable for the dramatic overuse of these tests. 
It is time to end this practice of toxic 
overtesting. That is why I support this amendment and ask all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank my colleagues, 
Ms. WILSON and Mr. D UFFY , for this 
amendment promotes transparency for parents and students, and that is a great thing, and that is one of the chief purposes of our bill. We have all heard the concerns about testing from our constituents, neighbors, and colleagues alike. One way to address that is to ensure parents are aware of what tests their children will have to take. This narrowly tailored amendment ensures parents have that ability to request this information from their children’s school. 
This is a good amendment, as it improves the underlying bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
amendment as the designee of Mr. MESSER and a cosponsor. 
for section 3101 so that it reads ‘‘ SENSE OF  
has dramatically increased in recent years. Between the 2008–2009 school year and the 2013–2014 school year, there was a 77 percent increase in the number of students attending public charter schools and a 39 percent increase in the number of schools. 
population of students. Nationally, 57 percent of students enrolled in charter schools are minority students, while only 39 percent of students in noncharter public schools are minority students. 
are more than 6700 public charter schools serving about 2.9 million students. This represents a 4 percent growth in the number of open charter schools, and a 14 percent increase in student enrollment from the 2013– 2014 school year. 
where students need better education options, including areas that serve economically disadvantaged kids. Almost 50 percent of the students attending charter schools qualify for free or reduced priced lunch, a slightly larger percentage than noncharter public schools. 
areas, from urban cities to rural towns through traditional brick and mortar schools, blended learning models, and online programs, giving parents across the Nation options to find the best learning environment for their children. 
the Congress that charter schools are a critical part of our education system in this Nation and the Congress believes we must support opening more quality charter schools to help students succeed in their future. 
Page 270, line 7, strike ‘‘It’’ and insert the 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
States now allow for public charter schools, Washington State being the newest. Like other kinds of public schools, we find across the country highquality public charter schools as well as poorly performing public charter schools. 
they are not a problem. They are an opportunity; they are a way that there can be more flexibility at the site level. Some have extended schooldays; some have a differentiated curriculum than the district; some partner very closely with community nonprofits to provide wraparound services. 
Before I came to Congress, Mr. Chairman, I had the opportunity to found two charter schools, and I served as superintendent of one. The New America School, which now has five campuses in New Mexico and Colorado, works with new immigrants and English language learners to help them gain proficiency in reading and writing English and getting a high schoollevel diploma. 
Many of the students that we recruited to attend our school were not in school before; they worked odd jobs. We had a flexible schedule day or night. We had to provide day care because just under half of our young women who attend that school have children themselves. 
I also had the opportunity to be a cofounder of the Academy of Urban Learning, which works with homeless youth and youth in transitional housing in Denver, Colorado. 
simply supports the public charter school movement, which has long had near universal bipartisan support, and it calls upon and supports more quality public charter schools. I want to separate this from, of course, some of the issues that my colleagues perhaps on both sides of the aisle have with particular lowquality schools, whether they are charter schools or neighborhood schools or something in between, like innovation schools, which Colorado allows. 
If the school is poor quality, hopefully it is a school that not only the Member of Congress who represents that district has a problem with, but hopefully the school board and the superintendent also want to take the steps necessary to improve the quality of that public school. 
To the extent that we have methodologies and models for successful public charter schools, we need more of them just as we need more highquality neighborhood schools and just as we need more highquality magnet schools. I hope that this can be incorporated as a sense of Congress. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank my colleagues 
Mr. POLIS and Mr. M ESSER for continuing to raise this issue. I am in complete agreement with it as are certain Members and a good deal of the committee—really, of this Chamber as a whole. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment highlights the important role charter schools play in our education system. Parents are clamoring for more options for their children, and charter schools help fit that need. 
I visit charter schools all over Indiana and more and more throughout the Nation. It is clear that, while charter 
schools might not be the answer for everyone—that is, some parents love their traditional public schools, some want to have their children homeschooled, and others believe a private school is the right choice—the key here is choice. 
Many parents would not have an option at all without charter schools, as the gentleman describes. Charter schools are a great thing, and I appreciate this amendment’s adding a sense of Congress on the importance of charter schools. 
Again, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. I think it is a great amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, to address 
the issue of accountability within charter schools, charter schools are subject to the same accountability laws as other public schools, both at the Federal level through No Child Left Behind and, indeed, in the successor bill. 
metrics are applied to public charter schools as they are to magnet schools, to neighborhood schools, and to other district schools of choice. 
strong accountability to parents in the community because, in addition to meeting those State and Federal academic requirements, they have to earn the enrollment of their students. 
start with zero students, and without the confidence of the community and without the confidence of the parents who choose to entrust that particular public school with the education of their kids, they will not succeed. 
together around important innovation and public education, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 284, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) is working to develop or strengthen a 
cohesive strategy to encourage collaboration between charter schools and local educational agencies on the sharing of best practices;’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
pleased to offer an amendment today that would amend the Charter Schools Program in title III for the underlying bill and make a positive improvement. 
Program not only is a lifeline for growing and replicating public charter schools, but we want to see the benefit of that innovation spread across other public schools. I am very grateful to both the underlying bill and the Democratic substitute, which both have very strong language—in fact, nearly identical—about helping quality public charter schools grow and expand. 
to point out, traditional public schools are also doing innovative things and are showing growth every day. For the foreseeable future, the vast majority of students in the country will continue to attend district public schools. 
District public schools are innovating to provide meaningful programs for students and are helping to narrow the achievement gap in our country every day. 
to point out the benefit of innovation that public charter schools allow, including the two that I founded in Colorado and New Mexico. 
charter schools and traditional public schools to collaborate and share best practices. They need not operate in their own separate silos. Both can learn from one another. Both kinds of school governance bring ideas to the table that can improve the quality of education for all students. 
This amendment would simply encourage public schools with traditional governance through a school district and public charter schools to work together so that both parties can learn from the others’ success. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
friend and colleague for this amendment, and I appreciate being able to join with him on it and on continuing our work on the charter school initiatives. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment supports the sharing of best practices between charter schools and traditional public schools. Again, I think that is a good thing. We have seen the successful charter schooltraditional public school collaborations, like in Ohio between breakthrough schools and the Cleveland Metropolitan School District, and we know that working together helps each of them excel. 
iron, and that is reflected here in this good amendment. Put simply, Mr. Chairman, many of us believe other charter schools and traditional public schools can benefit from these partnerships as well. 
improves the underlying bill. I thank the gentleman for offering it, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Thank you, Representative P OLIS, for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Representatives P OLIS and R OKITA for offering this amendment. 
Highquality charter schools are laboratories for innovation. In exchange for offering families, students, and educators the autonomy to experiment with new educational models, we expect that successful approaches to teaching and learning will be widely shared so that the roughly millions of students—in fact, the vast majority of students—in traditional public schools can benefit from the lessons learned. 
Last Congress, an amendment I authored was included in the bipartisan Success and Opportunity through Quality Charter Schools Act. That provision, which is now included in H.R. 5, asks States to track and report on the sharing of best practices emerging from charter schools. 
amendment encourages the collaboration between charter schools and school districts to improve the dissemination of promising practices, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. 
that this amendment, in our small way, helps Congress change the culture, which all too often is too competitive between charter schools and school districts. 
I have talked to district administrators and to heads of literacy for districts who hadn’t been to and didn’t know about innovative literacy programs going on in charter schools in their own districts. 
around. I have talked to charter schools that aren’t aware of their own district’s initiatives for professional development or for STEM education in the lower grades. 
when it takes swallowing one’s pride, I am confident that both public charter schools and districtrun schools will benefit in the long run, most importantly, benefiting the students that they serve. I call upon my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . KELLY OF  
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
conduct training programs in the community to improve adult literacy, including financial literacy.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I offer a commonsense amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My amendment makes a minor modification to the underlying bill and does not have an impact on direct spending; still, the simple fix stands to make a tremendous difference for countless students and families on the education front. 
My amendment would provide an assurance from statewide family engagement center grantees, under the ‘‘family engagement in education programs’’ portion of the bill, that they will conduct adult and financial literacy training programs in their communities as part of their efforts to engage families and improve academic outcomes for students. 
education focuses on children in school, but estimates suggest there are 30 million adults in the United States who have trouble with basic literacy. This means, not only do they struggle in their own lives when reading a menu or paying the bills, but they are also unable to help their children with the most basic homework exercises. Parents who struggle to read are often incapable of comprehending report cards and academic progress reports, and their struggle with literacy can have multigenerational consequences as these parents are unable to provide early academic guidance at home that is critical to early learning success. 
Like reading literacy, financial literacy is a critical component to comprehensive education, and communities stand to gain from the existence of more local programs devoted to teaching money management skills to parents and kids. 
lack of State curriculum requirements, and a lack of demand as the top challenges to teaching financial literacy. American students today often find themselves in situations in which they are making more spending decisions and accumulating more debt at a time when debt pressures are impacting student performance and resulting in students dropping out of school. 
supported by this bill aim to improve educational outcomes for families across the spectrum, they must realize that bolstering reading and financial literacy is a critical comprehensive family engagement in education strategy. 
prosperity, and global standing depend on America’s ability to secure its educational and financial future. When schools succeed, America succeeds, and when communities and families are invested in education, students thrive. 
commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentlewoman for this amendment. 
centers are available to help parents understand and engage in their children’s education. As a part of that mission, the centers help parents learn basic skills, like literacy. In today’s world, financial literacy is an important issue for parents to be able to understand and support their children’s education. 
is part of a grant application and requirement. In that regard, it is not part of a testing standard or a teacher training standard. With that, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
through page 343, line 24, and insert the following: 
‘‘(ii) monitoring and evaluation of programs and activities assisted under this part; 
‘‘(iii) providing training and technical assistance under this part; 
‘‘(iii) To conduct an audit of State assessments and report, in a publicly available format, the findings of such audit, which may include assessment purposes, costs, schedule of administration and dissemination of results, description of alignment with the State’s academic standards, and description of policies for inclusion of all students. 
improve the State assessment system, which may include efforts, if appropriate as determined by the State— 
decreasing the time between administering assessments and releasing assessment data. 
An eligible entity that receives an award under this part may use such funds— 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) and a 
leadership on the committee and on this important legislation. I know that we will need to continue to work together to identify opportunities for bipartisan collaboration if we are going to successfully replace No Child Left Behind, and I have confidence we can do that. 
I also thank Representative COSTELLO for his work on this amendment 
and for his partnership on the SMART Act. Mr. COSTELLO ’s dedication to public education is commendable, and I look forward to continuing to work with him. Mr. Chairman, the BonamiciCostello 
amendment is an example of finding common ground on a way to support teaching and learning in our Nation’s classrooms. We have all heard about the overuse and misuse of standardized tests. Too much time is lost in preparing for and in administering assessments, and too few of these assessments provide timely information that meaningfully supports the learning that is taking place in our schools, but the purposeful use of highquality assessments can support teaching and learning. Good assessments used appropriately can serve as one tool for monitoring students’ progress and in helping parents, teachers, and school leaders see how students are performing across the State. 
the testing burden and build highquality assessment systems that support teachers and students. Importantly, the amendment recognizes that a one sizefitsall policy to address excessive testing won’t work. There is evidence that time spent testing fluctuates significantly among districts, with some districts dedicating three times as many hours to testing as other districts. 
This variety in the use of tests is why 
our amendment lets the States and local districts design their own plans to improve the use of assessments. 
local academic flexible grant funds for States and school districts to improve the use of assessments. The amendment allows States and school districts to use those funds to audit their assessment systems and report to the public the results, which might include the amount of time students spend taking tests, whether those tests are high quality, and whether the tests provide prompt feedback to support teaching. 
school districts to use the funds to develop and implement a plan to make assessments work better for their teachers, families, and students. States and school districts can eliminate low quality or redundant tests, provide professional development on assessment literacy, or speed the delivery of assessment results to student and educators. 
their willingness to work with us to make sure States and school districts have the ability to eliminate unneeded assessments and get the most out of 
BonamiciCostello amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
overly burdened by standardized tests. Frustrated teachers and parents, not to mention students, are all saying the same thing: We need to do something about excessive testing in our public schools. 
Make no mistake, regular assessments in English and math are essential objective tools to measure achievement, but their impact has been worn down through an unnecessary maze of blue books and Scantron sheets that waste classroom time and prevent our teachers from doing their jobs. 
alma mater, Owen J. Roberts High School. Prior to 1992, high school students would have a midterm and final test for some of their courses, and teachers would spend a day or two reviewing for these tests and a class period giving the tests. This would be approximately 5 hours per subject of instructional time for reviewing for and administering these exams. 
2017 who is proficient already on Pennsylvania assessment tests will spend approximately 43 hours preparing for and taking three Keystone exams and the other high school assessment to prepare for college. 
A member of the class of 2017 who is 
not proficient on these tests during the first attempt could spend, minimally, 163 hours preparing for and taking three Keystone exams twice, completing three online PBA assessments, attending three classes of remediation, and completing the other high school assessments to prepare for college. 
The bottom line: it is too much. It is 
stifling. It is not conducive to fostering the intellectual growth we want to see in our students. 
This bipartisan amendment is a solution to many of the redundant, low quality, and unnecessary testing that takes place. It will empower teachers and parents by giving existing Federal funding to State and local education agencies to develop curriculum plans to make the use of tests for the student. 
It also means quicker delivery of assessment data to educators and parents and a more qualitative analysis of how to shape curriculum for that student from the local district and parents, not the Federal Government. 
and get back to empowering our children to think and succeed at the local level. 
I thank Chairman KLINE for the opportunity to address this important issue, and I appreciate the efforts of Congresswoman BONAMICI and her unwavering dedication to this issue of improving public education. She has been a delight to work with. 
in H.R. 5, and I reserve the balance of 
this time I yield 1 minute to my colleague from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
thank Ms. B ONAMICI for bringing forward this important amendment. Hardly a day goes by where I don’t hear from my constituents that there is too much testing. 
Now, they don’t often make the effort to distinguish between district testing, State testing, Federal testing and classroom testing, but clearly the Federal piece is the part that we are dealing with here today in Washington. 
we can focus on the quality of testing. We recently had a school district, Poudre School District, in and around Fort Collins, that did a review of all the different levels of testing that they have. What drives the most frustration among educators and among families and among students is testing for which they either don’t understand the purpose or it doesn’t have a purpose. 
the purpose of testing is in public education but also have the most efficient and best route to get from here to there with regard to the quality of the tests. 
lowquality tests in public education. And at the same time we maintain our commitment to accountability and transparency, we must ensure that we take the quickest possible line from point A to point B through the highest quality tests and the minimum amount of testing necessary to fulfill the very important public policy goals of accountability and transparency. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), a 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by my distinguished colleagues, Mr. COSTELLO and 
County Public School Board, I am all too familiar with all of the challenges that our families and students face as it relates to testing. 
a critical part, an element of the accountability system. If we can’t ask the question, ‘‘Are our children learning?’’ then we have already failed in delivering an education system that serves this great Nation and our families. However, excessive and redundant testing has undermined accountability systems and has made it harder for our young people to learn. 
That is why I commend my distinguished colleagues for working together in a bipartisan way to offer this solution that will help millions and 
millions of children, teachers, and families all over our country. I know that the children of MiamiDade County Public Schools and Monroe County Public Schools will appreciate this amendment. I know that the teachers back home will appreciate this amendment, and I commend my colleagues for their courage to work together in favor of such a smart solution. 
want to thank, again, my cosponsor of this amendment and those who spoke in favor. Good, quality assessments can inform instruction. Duplicative assessments need to be eliminated. This amendment gives districts and States the flexibility to do that. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
COSTELLO for yielding. I want to congratulate him on already being an effective Member of Congress. I also want to thank Representative BONAMICI for her continued work on 
this amendment and seeing it through; also, Representative CARLOS CURBELO , 
a member of our committee, for his effectiveness to date. It has been a great partnership all the way around. 
that this amendment helps States examine all of the assessments given to students, helps improve how student assessments are used, and possibly limits how many are given. 
and I am happy to support it and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do so as well. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
distribution of open access textbooks and open educational resources.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
Mr. POLIS. In education, Mr. Chairman, oftentimes textbooks cost hundreds of dollars for each student. Now, sometimes that money has to come from the families. Sometimes the school or the district might have some old dogeared textbooks, outdated and of different versions. 
I have been to a number of classrooms where the teacher has to say, For your assignment, if you have this version, read pages 33 through 35. If you have this version, it is 36 through 38. If you don’t have any version, here’s a few copies in front that we’ll give to you. 
education, both from an access standpoint, from a reinforcing economic disparity standpoint, as well as preventing our students from having access to the most uptodate textbooks and available information. 
what my amendment would do is create an allowable use of funds for awarding grants for the creation and distribution of open source textbooks and open educational resources. 
The open source movement, in general, is sweeping the country with regard to available education and other areas. My amendment allows funds to be used for the creation and distribution of open source educational resources and textbooks at the K–12 level to bring cost savings to school districts, cost savings to families, and quality enhancements and educational enhancements to those districts, schools, and States that embrace this utilization of the funds. 
Many States and districts are already beginning to embrace this concept to save costs and improve the quality of their educational content in tight budget times. My amendment would simply allow them to use existing Federal funds to boost these cost savings even more in innovative districts and States that have chosen to embrace the open source textbook movement. 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Again, I thank Mr. 
POLIS for this amendment. The amendment simply clarifies that States may use, again, at their choosing, their funds under the local academic flexible grant to create or distribute open source education resources. This is a good thing. This grant is designed to be used to support the activities the State and local school districts believe are important to their students. If open source material is what is best for them, they should be able to use the funding to support that activity. This is in line with the spirit and themes 
leadership in offering it. I urge my colleagues to support it, and the underlying bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, by supporting my amendment, Congress can 
voice its support for the growing academic open source community and for encouraging costreducing, qualityenhancing innovation in the content that is available for students across the country. 
my amendment, the open education resources amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research based bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs, as well as intervention programs regarding bullying.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
let me thank the gentleman from Indiana for his kindness this evening as I have listened to the debate. I want to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. SCOTT, and Mr. K LINE, 
who have worked diligently. We could not have come to the point of having Members’ amendments without the very hard work of Mr. SCOTT’s staff, 
both of them because of our great concern on this issue. 
a face that I am trying to help with my amendment. This is the face of children being bullied in America. 
My amendment supports accountabilitybased programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, including researchbased bullying prevention, cyber bullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs. I will note, Mr. Chairman, that this 
amendment wants to support accountabilitybased programs and to acknowledge that every day in schools across America children of all kinds are bullied. One in seven students in grades K–12 is either a bully or a victim of bullying, and 282,000 students are physically attacked in secondary schools each month. 
The Jackson Lee amendment also addresses growing concerns regarding violent extremism and the misuse of social media by militant extremist groups to recruit students and young persons. 
schools to be prepared for the new, if you will, ills that are facing our children, which include cyber bullying, bullying based on discrimination, and peer advocacy. 
It is noted that when bystanders intervene, bullying stops within 10 seconds, 57 percent of the time; and bullied youths were most likely to report that actions that accessed support from others made a positive difference. 
amendment and to realize that we can provide the skills and the tools for school districts to help in these very unfortunate circumstances for our children. 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. This adds an allowable use of funds for what we are calling the local academic flexible grant to support projects that focus on school and student safety. 
again, is the product of us eliminating over 65 programs in current law and delivering the funds that supported those programs back to the States and, with the States’ blessing, even further back to local school districts and so forth. 
can happen in schools. This amendment will clarify that school districts can use this funding—again, not being mandated by the Federal Government—but through this grant can use the funding to support programs aimed at making schools safer. This is in all our interests. 
this amendment and urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me, first of 
all, thank the gentleman from Indiana, again, for the clarity of this instruction to our school districts across America; and if I might, again, acknowledge Mr. SCOTT and the chairman 
bullying, it is estimated that 2.2 million children experienced cyber bullying in 2011. 
This is a teaching tool. This is a Marvel comic book that says Internet superheroes meet the Internet villains, many different tools that school districts can use to be able to educate our children. 
Sixtyfour percent of students enrolled in weight loss programs reported experiencing weightbased victimization. 
percent of young people say they have seen bullying in their school. We know that this is a problem, but we know that intervention helps. My amendment, again, emphasizes the intervention and the accountability. 
amendment, I thank them for their support in advance, and I leave you simply by acknowledging that this face should be a smile. When every child goes to school, they should have a smile on their face. 
desk. It is listed in the report as Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25. 
As the founder and cochair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I have long advocated for the health, dignity and wellbeing of our nation’s children. 
need to succeed in life is a good education. 
supports accountabilitybased programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include researchbased bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs. 
Statistics on bullying: Mr. Chair, the daily reality for too many of 
our children is that they are threatened, bullied, and assaulted but reluctant to tell adults about their pain or shame: 
1. 1 in 7 students in grades K–12 is either 
3. 90% of 4th to 8th grade students report 
4. 71% of students report incidents of bullying as a problem at their school. 
5. 15% of all students who don’t show up 
for school report it to being out of fear of being bullied while at school. 
Consequences of bullying: 1. 15% of all school absenteeism is directly 
2. According to bullying statistics, 10 percent of school dropouts do so because of repeated bullying. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment also addresses growing concerns regarding violent extremism and the misuse of social media by militant extremist groups to recruit students and young people. 
This activity is being addressed by law enforcement, intelligence, and Homeland Security. 
school districts an opportunity to include in their education programs around school violence material for parents and their children on the issue of radical extremism. 
Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, as well as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee I believe that we must address emerging threats where they are as early as possible. 
Amendment No. 25 to help protect our school age children from bullying and radical extremism. 
Cyberbullying: Estimated that 2.2 million students experienced cyberbullying in 2011. 
cyberbullied in the National Crime Victimization Survey compared to 6.2% in 2009 (NCES, 2013): 71.9% reported being cyberbullied once or twice in the school year, 19.6% reported once or twice a month, 5.3% reported once or twice a week, and 3.1% reported almost every day. 
students enrolled in weightloss programs reported experiencing weightbased victimization. 
because of their sexual orientation: 8 of 10 students had been verbally harassed at school, 4 of 10 had been physically harassed at school, 6 of 10 felt unsafe at school, and 1 of 5 had been the victim of a physical assault at school. 
times more likely to be bullied than their nondisabled peers. 
they have seen bullying in their schools (U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, 2014). When bystanders intervene, bullying stops within 10 seconds 57% of the lime (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2014). 
most likely to report that actions that accessed support from others made a positive difference (Davis and Nixon, 2010). 
Last thing, I would like to reference the following: Super Heroes Meet the Internet Villains Marvel, sponsored by Microsoft. 
even publishing a booklet for mothers called the Sister’s Role in Jihad that instructs them to begin indoctrinating their children as infants, because waiting until they’re older may ‘‘be too late.’’ The Middle East Media Research Institute 
(MEMRI) reports that ‘‘children are central to ISIS,’’ being both a propaganda tool and future fighters. 
Due to a surge in Islamic extremism occurring in the U.K., the government is taking steps to help combat the grooming and indoctrination of youngsters: 
A new bill proposed in the U.K. would enlist school teachers as agents of the state in the fight. 
How would it work? The Daily Mail cites a Home Office (the 
U.K. counterpart to the U.S. State Department) spokesman, who explained: 
‘‘We are not expecting teachers and nursery workers to carry out unnecessary intrusion into family life but we do expect them to take action when they observe behaviour of concern. 
childcare providers, we would expect staff to have the training they need to identify children at risk of radicalisation and know where and how to refer them for further help if necessary.’’ 
body Liberty, Isabella Sanky, believes the focus should be on supporting those children who are at risk: 
terrorists’ hands by rushing through a Bill that undermines our democratic principles and turns us into a nation of suspects.’’ 
People remain split over whether it is acceptable for the state to take children away from their parents. With ISIS and radical Islam on the rise, it’s clearly difficult to find the line between freedom and state control and identify a solution that both respects individual rights and protects the populous. 
amendment and yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
‘‘(iii) Establishing, expanding, or maintaining intensive care reading laboratories to assist elementary school students who are reading at below grade level. 
‘‘(iv) Enabling elementary schools to provide instruction in language arts, mathematics, and science in grades 1 through 3 through teachers who are specialized in language arts, mathematics, or science, respectively. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, this amendment provides for elementary students reading below grade 
level to utilize intensive care reading labs to improve their reading efficiency. 
of H.R. 5 and its failure to make the improvements necessary to bring our educational system into the 21st century. The bill falls short of providing quality education for many of our young students and has, in fact, left many of our students behind. 
Students need enriching learning environments, individualized instruction, welltrained teachers, and positive reinforcement to support their educational development. 
have before you today provides for just that approach to helping students improve their reading proficiency. 
reading instruction through intensive care reading labs, in addition to their normal reading instruction in schools, helping improve students’ literacy early in their education. 
by highly trained teachers who work with students in small numbers to improve their literacy and reading comprehension. If children can read on grade level by grade three, they will graduate high school. 
grade should specialize in teaching language arts, then another subgroup should specialize in math and science. They should be trained by the school district. 
schools will be able to better prepare teachers and ensure students are being taught by teachers dedicated to their 
specific fields. In high schools, English teachers teach English, math teachers teach math. It should be the same in K–3 grades. 
That is why I support this amendment and why I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment as well. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the gentlewoman’s concern and the purpose of this amendment; however, it must be opposed. 
programs and their connection to college and career success are obviously vitally important. 
Since State and local educational officials understand the importance of reading proficiency, including the benefits of teaching comprehension, vocabulary, and other skills, I am confident that these officials will see the benefits of programs like this and choose to use their local academic flexible grant under this bill to fund programs like this. 
flexible, thereby allowing local education officials to use the funds in a 
We do not want to start rebuilding the silos that we have just knocked down with this bill language. 
I believe this amendment, unfortunately, would do that very thing by requiring this instruction instead of letting State and local school districts, teachers, parents, local taxpayers, and school officials decide what is best for their students. 
of this issue, but oppose the amendment as the underlying bill already provides States and school districts funding flexibility to set their own priorities, not letting Washington do it. 
basis then, to oppose this amendment but still support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
lease under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code;’’; and 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) and 
nearly two decades ago, Congress created the Military Housing Privatization Initiative to improve military family housing that, in many cases, was decrepit by allowing private developers to upgrade, maintain, and operate housing communities. 
ventures created under this program have infused millions in private capital to improve the living conditions of military families at installations all across the country and has made a tremendous difference for our military families across the Nation. 
have been converted under this program. Under the program, priority for housing goes first to military personnel, then to Federal employees and retirees. However, if occupancy rates drop below certain levels for a period of time, the housing can be made available to the general public. 
children access to this housing is an important part of ensuring the financial viability of these ventures, but it also presents unanticipated challenges to the host communities where they are located, since these properties are property tax exempt. 
For example, today, there are 130 civilian nonmilitary children residing at the publicprivate housing at Naval Submarine Base New London in Groton, Connecticut. 
schools alongside military children residing in the same community; yet Groton receives no Impact Aid support for the cost of their education. Since their housing is property tax exempt, the host community has to absorb the entire per pupil cost for their education. 
While I was made aware of this problem because of the growing challenge in Groton, it is clear from discussions with Navy officials and the Groton developer that the same problem will face communities across the country that have privatized military housing, as the size and composition of our military changes in the years ahead. 
eligible to receive only 5 percent of the support payments for children residing on Federal property with a parent who is not affiliated, but only if the number of children being educated equals or exceeds 1,000 or equals or exceeds 10 percent of the total numbers of students in average daily attendance. 
ensure that the number of civilian children living in property tax exempt military housing can be more adequately factored into a community’s support for educating these children under Impact Aid. 
order last night, I have heard recognition of the problem that I am seeking to address, but also concerns at how it would have widerranging impacts to this program, particularly in light of the ongoing funding challenges in Impact Aid. 
have had productive and thoughtful discussions with the National Association of Federally Impacted Schools and the Military Impacted Schools Association about how to address this issue that my communities and others are facing. 
serves on the House Armed Services Committee with me, has pledged to work with my office to try and address this issue which, again, at the end of the day, is about fairness for host communities that step up and make sure that our military families have safe and good schools. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. KLINE. I will be happy to work 
pledged to work with me to find ways to constructively address these issues in the days moving ahead. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Page 391, line 19, add at the end after the 
period the following: ‘‘It is further the policy of the United States to ensure that Indian children do not attend school in buildings that are dilapidated or deteriorating, which may negatively affect the academic success of such children.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) and a 
like to begin by thanking Chairman KLINE for his work on this important 
legislation; of course, Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT as well; and the members 
of the committee and the Rules Committee for allowing us to offer this amendment here this evening. 
Mr. Chairman, in short, my amendment ensures that Indian children will not be expected to attend school in buildings that are dilapidated and dangerous. 
the Federal Government has an obligation to fund and to maintain these schools. It is time to honor that obligation and send the message to our students in Indian Country that their education and their success in life are important to all of us, and expecting them to go to school in facilities in utter disrepair simply does not send that message. 
Interior, there are 63 schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education that are listed in poor condition. 
School on the Leech Lake Reservation in my district is housed in an old pole building—cold and drafty in the winter, hot in the summer, unfit for children or teachers in any season. 
I operated my sawmill and pallet factory in a pole building. I think we all agree that we want something better for our children when they go to school. 
Look around us right now, Mr. Chairman. We have a magnificent Capitol here to symbolize the importance of the work and the purpose of what we do here. 
not only a sense of function but a sense of importance and a sense of purpose. The simple truth is architecturally distinctive schools deliver a message to students that their education is valued, that it is important. 
mentioned, like so many others, has an incredibly long list of serious problems. Students endure rodent and bat infestations, roof leaks and holes, mold and fungus, a faulty air system, uneven floors, poor lighting, sewer problems, and dangerous electrical configurations with wires just crisscrossing all the hallways and the rooms in a dangerous way. This building is literally at risk of collapse. It has earned the nickname ‘‘Killer Hall’’ from the local emergency responders. 
63 schools in Indian Country face similar serious health and safety risks every day at schools like this, thus perpetuating lower graduation rates and difficulties retaining qualified teachers. In fact, Chairman KLINE, himself, 
called for action on tribal school construction in a letter to the Bureau of Indian Education just last week, and I want to applaud him for that. 
School, the chairman said: ‘‘This appalling situation not only adversely affects the quality of education these students receive, but also their health and safety.’’ The chairman is right. Our children deserve better, regardless of where they live. 
I want to particularly thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota, Congresswoman BETTY MCCOLLUM , for her continued support on this issue, as well as Congresswoman ANNKIRKPATRICK of 
I am pleased the administration requested more money for the Bureau of Indian Education construction funding in its most recent budget, but we can do better. We can do more. 
Henry recently wrote a story entitled, ‘‘Where Republicans and Democrats Agree the Government Needs to Spend More,’’ and that item is funding for Indian education and construction. I will include that article in the RECORD . 
national debt, much of the debate Washington today focuses on cutting spending. But on at least one line item in President Obama’s budget, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle agree that the government needs to spend more. 
Minnesota Rep. Betty McCollum, a Democrat on the budgetwriting Appropriations Committee, said she and a group of members, including Republicans, are looking for ways 
to boost funding for school construction on tribal lands around the country, even after Obama proposed pumping millions in new money into it. 
Tribal school construction has been neglected for some time, so even though Obama proposed more than doubling its modest budget next year, it’s not nearly enough to confront the problem of broken down schools around the country. In Minnesota, the Leech Lake Reservation’s BugONayGeShig School, typifies this—it’s housed in a used pole barn and students have taken to wearing winter coats while in the school. When winds reach 40 miles per hour, teachers move children to other buildings. 
as a first step of a multiyear effort to improve the system, but Indian education advocates are looking for more money right now to kickstart new school construction down the road. 
is at least on the radar—the Bug School, for example, isn’t funded in Obama’s plan, but tribal chairwoman Carri Jones issued a statement saying the tribe is ‘‘extremely pleased and grateful’’ that the president included new funds in his budget. 
On Capitol Hill, funding for Indian education, especially school construction, is an area of relative bipartisanship: last year, for example, both parties agreed on a large spending increase for replacement school construction around the country, above what even Obama proposed. McCollum credits this to trust and treaty obligations the United States government has to tribes across America—the U.S. has a responsibility to support tribes, and it’s one Congress takes seriously. 
what McCollum and others are trying to do, like how much money they’re looking for, and where it will come from. For now, she’s not getting into details, except to say that she thinks more money could be on its way. 
‘‘This is not enough money and we need to 
come up with a plan that would have tribal nations, American children who are members of tribal nations, going to safe schools, 21st century schools,’’ she said. 
the Bureau of Indian Education in 2016—a $150 million increase over current levels. That includes $45 million for new school construction. The budget represents a big increase over what Obama has looked for in the past—new school construction saw a big influx of funding in the stimulus act in 2009, but his $3.5 million request last year was his first since 2011. 
what’s in Obama’s budget. His proposal would go toward building the last two buildings on a 2004 list of replaceable schools, but that would still leave behind a $1.3 billion backlog of dilapidated schools nationwide. 
the request as a welcome change of pace after what McCollum described as a ‘‘time out’’ for BIE construction funding. Republican Rep. Tom Cole, an Oklahoman on the Appropriations Committee with whom McCollum has worked on Indian issues, said the proposal ‘‘is an area where we can cooperate and hopefully make a lot of progress on.’’ 
House Education Committee, said in a statement that he’s ‘‘pleased’’ by the proposal and vowed to ‘‘look more closely at this issue and demand better for these students.’’ 
only accounts for two schoolsworth of funding. When Interior Secretary Sally Jewell introduced Obama’s plan to reporters last month, she acknowledged that $45 million isn’t enough to made major inroads in the school construction backlog. She called it ‘‘just step one in a multiyear approach’’ to fixing the backlog, and said it ‘‘was as far as we could reasonably go’’ to fit funding into the overall budget and get lawmakers’ approval. 
HAPPY WITH THE PLAN , BUT LOOKING FOR MORE  
beyond what the Obama administration requests on BIE issues. Last year, for example, Obama requested $3.5 million to plan construction of a new BIE school in Maine. Congress appropriated $20.1 million to straight up build the school instead. 
money needed to rebuild the schools still on the government’s list, any money above that could go toward planning the schools that might be included on a new replacement list, McCollum said. ‘‘When we see the list and we have a dollar figure off the list, then we need to have the big idea, the big plan on a way forward so we can get these schools reconstructed so they can be repaired, and rebuilt where they need to be taken down,’’ she said. 
are scouring the budget—from the Interior Department and beyond—trying to find funding to pump up BIE construction even further. It’s a bipartisan effort: McCollum said she, Cole and a group of other Republicans began discussing additional funding schemes while they toured Indian Country in Arizona last month. 
we try this, what if we try that, well we’re going to talk to Treasury, we’re going to talk to OMB, let’s talk to the White House,’’’ she said. 
There is danger here, of course, that partisan budget fights could delay or derail the whole process. The Interior budget is relatively small, which McCollum said makes it difficult to shift funding toward a bipartisan priority like Indian schools when there are other areas—clean air and water, wildfire prevention—that need funding. It’s easier to find money for Defense Department schools (the only other school system the federal government runs) because the DOD budget is so big. 
McCollum and Oklahoma’s Cole both said they expect to eventually find a path forward on this. ‘‘The trick is always finding the money, because the president is proposing this having disregarded the budget caps,’’ Cole said. ‘‘But it wouldn’t be the first time, on Interior Approps, we’ve been able to rob Peter to pay Paul. And the Democrats might not like the Peter, but we all agree on the Paul that needs help, in this case Indian Education.’’ 
has gained some notoriety in the Indian education community. Jewell visited it last summer and in announcing Obama’s funding request, mentioned it as the type of school that needs to be replaced. Lawmakers did the same in a budget bill Congress passed in December. 
When officials made their list of replacement schools in 2004, they left off the Bug School. The Interior Department has now assembled a team of experts from the Department of Defense’ school system and the Interior Department to write a new list and come up with criteria meant to more accurately identify replaceable schools. 
considered the condition of all the schools in an individual district, and because Leech 
Lake’s elementary schools are in comparably acceptable condition, the Bug School was less likely to make the cut. Its inclusion in a budget bill, and the attention Jewell has given it, indicates its inclusion on a new list, which is expected this spring. 
that the President’s budget includes substantially more funding for BIE school construction and rehabilitation than in years past and that it begins to recognize the significant need in Indian Country for a safe learning environment for our students,’’ Jones, the Leech Lake tribal chairwoman, said in a statement to MinnPost. ‘‘We are fighting to give our community a new high school facility because our children deserve the best educational opportunities.’’ 
choice today is simple. No child should be expected to endure deteriorating school rooms to get an education. I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I seek 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, although I do not oppose it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleague from the cold north of Minnesota for his very excellent amendment. We know in Minnesota, as we know across the country, that the state of many of these Indian schools are just absolutely deplorable. He described that very well. It is appalling that sometimes it has taken us 10 years to identify a problem, and we can’t do anything about it. 
of vulnerable children; we are compromising their health and safety, as my friend from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) 
said; and we are certainly compromising their education and their hopes for a better future. That is why we have got to look more closely at this issue. That is why I did write the letter to the Director of the BIE to begin a dialogue. That is why we will hold, in the coming weeks, a hearing to dig into this. 
in the government sometimes and in the Congress. So one committee is looking at one thing, and then nobody is looking at another, and nobody is paying attention to something else, and we have let this deplorable situation develop. We have got to do better. 
help in this regard. I very much appreciate that he did it. I am very, very supportive of this amendment because it makes this bill a better bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 514, line 9, strike ‘‘of the school’’ and 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS) and a 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan amendment that I bring forward with my colleagues, Mr. DOLDof Illinois and Mr. P OLIS of Colorado, would clarify the definition of ‘‘school leader’’ currently contained in section 6101 of H.R. 5. 
of ‘‘school leader’’ contained in this bill is problematic. As currently drafted, the definition fails to make clear to State and local school districts that a school leader is an individual who runs the operations and instructional programs within a school, as opposed to a district administrator who oversees individual schools’ programs. 
districts might interpret this definition to apply to an assistant superintendent of curriculum or a subject matter content specialist who oversees instructional practices within an LEA but is not in a school building on a daily basis, such as a principal. 
This amendment removes this ambiguity by making it clear that the definition of ‘‘school leader’’ should apply as it was originally intended—directly and solely to a school principal. If left unchanged, it is possible that district administrators could become eligible for title II professional development funds currently aimed at improving the quality of our Nation’s school principals. 
amendment, which ensures that title II funds go to the school leader, the person who is most responsible for student achievement. 
time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I certainly 
want to thank my good friend from California for her leadership on this, and also my friend from Colorado. 
Really what this is doing, Mr. Chairman, is this is talking about a technical correction. As my friend from California pointed out, what we are really looking to try to do is to make sure that the dollars allocated in this bill for continuing education and other things are actually going to a school leader, which is mentioned throughout this bill, but ‘‘school leader’’ is left 
We want to make sure that we put a 
little bit more definition for our local school districts so that they have a better understanding that a school leader is actually someone that resides within the school. We think that is absolutely critical in terms of continuing education, some of the other programs, to make sure that it is not ambiguous. We want to make sure that we are focusing on the task at hand. 
again, that has bipartisan support. We hope that we will be able to go through the process fairly quickly. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois and reiterate that this is merely a clarifying amendment, but one with real impact as it will return the term ‘‘school leader’’ to its originally intended use. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
shall be construed to prohibit a State from withdrawing from the Common Core State Standards or any other specific standards. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and a 
this evening in support of my amendment that sends a very clear message to States that if they choose to withdraw from Common Core, there will be no penalty whatsoever from the Federal Government. 
As a New York State Senator, I introduced legislation with New York State Assemblymen Al Graf and Ed Ra that would stop Common Core in New York. 
Core standards set nationally, tests created by the State, curriculum set by the local school districts, and no one is talking to each other; teachers not only teaching to the test, but they are 
they are not given the tools they need to know what the test is even going to look like. 
drinking bureaucrat who is listening to this and disagreeing with what I have to say, you are not listening to those parents and educators and students who are pleading with passion exactly what I am saying, begging for a positive change that will improve the quality of education in America’s classrooms. 
The most common argument I received in opposition to my bill was that if New York State withdrew from Common Core, that somehow the Federal Government was going to punish New York State with hundreds of millions of dollars lost—some even said billions of dollars. This amendment is the most important action that this Congress can take to diffuse those claims and allow States to withdraw without punishment. 
believe in higher standards, but I don’t believe that Common Core is the answer. This goes way beyond the complaints of killing morale in the teaching profession. Much more importantly, this is about killing the morale for that student who is intelligent, pays attention in class, goes home and does their homework. They are going to grow up to be a doctor or a lawyer or a successful businessman. They are being told that they are not proficient in reading—not because they are not proficient in reading, but because the rollout of Common Core has been a disaster. 
students taking fifth grade tests even if they are reading at a first grade reading level. Or you can go on the EngageNY Web site and read about how first graders, the domain for English language arts, early world civilizations, they are learning about ancient world Mesopotamia and the strategic advantage of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers with regard to the development of the city of Babylon—6yearolds, first graders. 
I believe in higher standards. I believe in challenging our students to excel and to aim as high as possible. But when it comes to all of America’s children, there just shouldn’t be a onesize fitsall approach. 
Core, not all States’ needs are the same. My amendment would allow States currently using Common Core to opt out without punishment. Parents need to be in charge of their children’s education, not unelected, faceless bureaucrats making unilateral decisions for the entire Nation. 
A onesizefitsall solution to education reform intensifies the problem, and it doesn’t address our underlying issues. We want to provide the best possible opportunities for our children, and the people best positioned to make those decisions are our parents and our 
amendment, hear the concerns of our parents and educators, and heed the call to rescue our schoolchildren. It is like when they fall into the deep end of a pool, they don’t have a lifejacket, they don’t yet know how to swim. That is what it feels like for many of them. 
district who aren’t even old enough to vote. Fight for them and pass this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not necessary because there is no prohibition against people withdrawing from Common Core. 
I think we need to say a few things 
It is not a national or a Federal initiative. It is State led. States develop the Common Core standards through the Council of Chief State School Officers and the National Governors Association. The U.S. Department of Education did not participate in that. The administration does not coerce States into adopting Common Core. In fact, States have received waivers under NCLB and have not adopted Common Core, like my home State of Virginia. 
higher education certified that when a child is proficient under our standards of learning, they could enter public universities without the needed remediation. Those standards were okay, not the Common Core. 
standards, college and careerready, because you want people, when they graduate from high school, to be able to go to college without remediation. That is not a high bar, and we want to make sure that whatever happens to this amendment, we are not exempting States from meaningful standards. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
amount of misperception about what the Common Core standards are. Frankly, those of us who serve in this body are elected leaders. I urge my colleagues to take the time to educate themselves about this collaborative effort between a number of States that have developed college and career ready standards before they decry it based on misperceptions that, unfortunately, exist among the American public. A number of States chose to work 
collaboratively on college and career ready standards. What we at the Federal level want to see is that States have college and careerready standards. We want to make sure that a diploma is meaningful. If a Federal investment is made, we want to make sure that States don’t define success downward, disguising achievement gaps and making it look like every child achieves expectations by lowering expectations. 
them. Let me repeat myself. How they do that is entirely up to them. Many States choose to work together. Some States choose to create their own standards. A project of the National Governors Association had Governors and State education commissioners working together to develop college and careerready standards. Other States have chosen to develop their own college and careerready standards. 
That really is an appropriate discussion to have at the State level, but not in the halls of Washington. You won’t hear people pushing Common Core standards here in Washington because I don’t think any of us feel it is an appropriate discussion. But for some reason people have a particular agenda against what some of their own States are doing here in Washington. Well, I suggest they don’t run for Congress. I suggest they run for Governor if that is their beef. This is simply the wrong place to have a discussion about curriculum and standards. 
Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government does not set standards; the Federal Government does not set curriculum. It is also important to note that curriculum standards are different. Curriculum is developed from the standards, and depending on what standards the States have adopted, the curriculum is an entirely different matter. 
So, again, I hope that we can use this 
opportunity as a learning moment so my colleagues can engage in a more meaningful debate about what standards are and who sets them. 
this would be a very good learning moment because States were receiving hundreds of millions, into the billions of dollars, from the Federal Government. They had to sign up for Common Core in order to get the money. 
Mr. ZELDIN. No. Let me—— Mr. POLIS. You do not need to sign 
for example, to the Federal Government signed by the New York State congressional delegation asking for a waiver from the Federal Government, 
Government to New York State that went to over 700 school districts to sign up for Common Core and all sorts of other things that came from the Federal Government. So I appreciate this as a learning moment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time to Mr. SCOTT. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I just want to reiterate that the Commonwealth of Virginia had received a waiver without accepting, without being involved in Common Core. We need to make sure that we have meaningful, high standards so that when someone graduates from high school, they are college or careerready without remediation. Whatever happens to this amendment, we want to make sure that States are not trying to exempt themselves out of reasonable standards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
shared with individuals other than school officials in charge of educating those students without clear notice to parents. 
more research about student learning, the responsibility to protect students’ personally identifiable information is more important than ever. 
students’ personal information could allow that information to be shared or sold by individuals who do not have the best interest of the students in mind. 
the Congress that the Secretary should review all regulations addressing issues of student privacy, including those under this Act, and ensure that students’ personally identifiable information is protected. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and a Member 
our children are our most precious resource, so protecting their personally identifiable information is incredibly important. As a former undercover officer in the CIA, I have seen the damage that can be done when personal data falls into the wrong hands. Bad actors can not only use this information for their own gain, they can also use it to target America’s children. It is up to us to protect our children and ensure their information is secure. Students’ personal information should never be shared with anyone who is not authorized to view it or use it, period. 
and hope this amendment will spur Congress to help protect the personally identifiable information of our Nation’s students. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Texas has raised some good points about data privacy with this amendment. The Subcommittee on Elementary and Secondary Education held a hearing on data privacy in the digital age earlier this month, and I think we are going to be looking at ways that we can improve FERPA for the 21st century during this Congress. 
40 years ago when data in the classroom was all in a teacher’s grade book and technology was not employed anywhere close to where it is today. Parents need to be able to trust that their children’s personal information is secure and will not be used for marketing or noneducational purposes. Teachers need to be given resources to understand how they can best protect the students’ data. As policymakers, we need to safeguard student privacy while supporting technological innovation happening in American schools. 
We must help researchers and educators diagnose and address achievement gaps and enable all students to achieve their greatest potential. So I support the gentleman’s amendment, and yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. STIVERS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 35, FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION, 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–31) on the resolution (H. Res. 129) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. DOLD (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 31, printed in part B of House Report 114–29, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
‘‘The Secretary shall conduct an assessment of the impact of school start times on student health, wellbeing, and performance.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a 
amendment would require the Secretary of Education to conduct an assessment of the impact of school start times on student health, wellbeing, and performance. It is supported by the National Education Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the National Sleep Federation. 
the day at 7 a.m., and others begin at 9:15. I am sure we see similar disparities all around the country. As the father of five schoolage children, I believe that 7 a.m. is probably too early to get the best out of the developing minds and bodies of our young people. 
clear that this amendment does not mandate any change to school start times in the least. It simply seeks a national study on this topic. Maybe that study will prove me right, maybe it won’t. Either way, localities will remain free to continue to choose the start times for their schools that make the most sense for them, hopefully being better informed by this study. My amendment, should it be accepted, will make those decisions possible with more information than is currently available. 
According to research already available by the director of the Center for Applied Research and Educational Improvement at the University of Minnesota, later school start times in Minneapolis and Edina, Minnesota, have led to increased attendance rates, improved graduation rates, increased GPAs—in fact, in 11th grade, the mean grade went from a B to almost an A minus—and significantly less depression among our students. 
Prevention study found that insufficient sleep for young people leads to an increase in risky behavior, including increased tobacco use, increased alcohol consumption, and increased sexual activity. 
Academy even found ‘‘significant negative effects’’—that is a direct quote— ‘‘significant negative effects’’ every single year for those students who enrolled in the Air Force’s early morning courses. A study on the Wake County, North Carolina, school district start times showed that students with a 1 
hour later start time gained on State assessment reading and math scores significantly and substantially. 
Hingham, Massachusetts, showed that delayed school starts, a school start a little bit later in the morning, resulted in a 31 point increase in SAT scores for those students with no other change in their schedule or in their standards. 
With all these disparate localized research results, isn’t it time for a national study to see if these trends might be replicable across the country and could give our students a better education? 
from such a study—such as one that I am proposing—would be useful to students. I hope it will be useful to parents, and I hope it will be useful to State and local governments and school authorities as they consider and determine their appropriate start times. 
According to the Congressional Budget Office, this amendment would have absolutely no impact on direct Federal spending. Again, I want to reiterate that this amendment is not a mandate in any sense whatsoever. It only requires a deeper look at the effects school start times have on the health, wellbeing, and performance of students across America. 
research anything that could possibly benefit our Nation’s K–12 students, our own children. Toward that end, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s interest and passion in looking at this issue. 
yet another example of expanding the Federal role in education into areas that are best left to States or local school districts. 
for schools. There are studies that are out there. The gentleman mentioned some of those. There are a lot of opinions on the topic, but I don’t believe that the Federal Government conducting yet another study—a national study—will be helpful. 
needs to figure out what works best for their students as they contemplate decisions about running their schools, whether it is start times or end times or anything in between. It is not the role of the Federal Government. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. In response to what we just heard, I 
point out that the Congressional Budget Office says this has no direct impact on spending. The reason for that is that the Department of Education already conducts research. It has a major staff of research on whom we spent millions of dollars of Federal money, regardless of whether they are performing this study or not. 
the Federal role in education. We are simply getting the information from people who would be doing other studies, rather than this study, if this amendment doesn’t pass. 
We would be providing valuable information to people all across the country, the people in our States, in our localities, in our school districts, who actually do make that determination regarding start time. Therefore, with all due respect, I think that the gentleman’s criticism is not well taken, and I remain passionate in support of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I will just 
I do appreciate the gentleman’s passion. As the gentleman pointed out, the Department of Education, the government already has the ability to conduct such research. Much research has already been done. I think the State and local governments will make decisions that is best suited for their districts. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide for 
to raise academic achievement levels by providing grants that— 
there are authorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years, of which— 
of information on effective school dropout prevention and reentry programs that shall disseminate to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools— 
State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools in designing and implementing programs and securing resources to implement effective school dropout prevention and reentry programs; 
have a positive impact on secondary school graduation or school reentry; 
monetary awards to an eligible school recognized under this subsection in amounts determined appropriate by the Secretary that shall be used for dissemination activities within the eligible school district or nationally. 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible school’ means a public middle school or secondary school, including a charter school, that has implemented comprehensive reforms that have been effective in lowering school dropout rates— 
contract with one or more nonFederal entities, may conduct a capacity building and design initiative in order to increase the types of proven strategies for school dropout prevention and reentry that address the needs of an entire school population rather than a subset of students. 
a contract under this subsection for a period of not more than 5 years. 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that, prior to the date of enactment of the Dropout Prevention Act— 
educational program or design related to school dropout prevention or reentry for use by the schools. 
of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth 
of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs for purposes of serving schools funded by the Bureau. 
Secretary shall use such amount to award grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
that are above the State average annual school dropout rate; or 
that are above the State average annual school dropout rate; or 
through 12 that have annual school dropout rates that are above the State average annual school dropout rate; or 
development of early warning indicator systems in middle schools designed to identify students who are at risk of dropping out of high school and to guide preventative and recuperative school improvement strategies, including— 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of student progress and performance, such as attendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mechanism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and performance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to determine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard number of years; 
students, including the creation of individualized student success plans; 
reform models, such as creating smaller learning communities; and 
‘‘(ii) costs of the model or set of prevention 
is not less than 75 percent of the amount the local educational agency received under this subpart in the first such year; 
not less than 50 percent of the amount the local educational agency received under this subpart in the first such year; and 
that is not less than 30 percent of the amount the local educational agency received under this subpart in the first year. 
educational agency or local educational agency shall submit an application and plan to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require; and 
educational agency shall submit an application and plan to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
local educational agency’s strategy for reducing the State educational agency or local educational agency’s annual school dropout 
the middle schools that feed students into those secondary schools, that have the highest annual school dropout rates; and 
schools in the State or operated by the local educational agency that have annual school dropout rates that are greater than the average annual school dropout rate for the State; 
to be implemented, how the strategies will serve all students, and the effectiveness of the strategies; 
secondary schools and the middle schools that feed students into those secondary schools; and 
the local educational agency to participate in the plan. 
grant or subgrant under this subpart and each State educational agency receiving a grant under this subpart shall implement scientifically based, sustainable, and widely replicated strategies for school dropout prevention and reentry. The strategies may include— 
schools down into smaller learning communities and other comprehensive reform approaches, creating alternative school programs, and developing clear linkages to career skills and employment. 
agency is eligible to receive a subgrant under this subpart if the local educational agency operates a public school (including a public alternative school)— 
come from feeder schools that serve students 50 percent or more of whom are lowincome students. 
a grant or subgrant under this subpart and a State educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart may use the funds to secure necessary services from a communitybased organization or other government agency if the funds are used to provide school dropout prevention and reentry activities related to schoolwide efforts. 
law, each local educational agency that receives funds under this subpart shall use the funds to provide technical assistance to secondary schools served by the agency that have not made progress toward lowering annual school dropout rates after receiving assistance under this subpart for 2 fiscal years. 
school dropout rate under this subpart, a school shall use the annual event school dropout rate for students leaving a school in a single year determined in accordance with the National Center for Education Statistics’ Common Core of Data. 
evaluate the effect of the activities assisted under this subpart on school dropout prevention compared, if feasible, to a control group using control procedures. The Secretary may use funds appropriated for subpart 1 to carry out this evaluation. 
or racial disparities in the use of exclusionary discipline; 
or practice consent decree for civil rights violations; or 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to H.R. 5 is simple. It will provide students with the necessary resources to remain in school and graduate. 
are mentored through quality inschool mentoring programs make positive choices, discover personal strength, and achieve their potential both inside and outside of the classroom. 
Partnership, youth who have a meaningful relationship with an adult are five times more likely to graduate. Studies also show that these youth are 46 percent less likely than their peers to start using illegal drugs, 27 percent less likely to start drinking, 52 percent less likely to skip a day of school, and 37 percent less likely to skip a class. 
not completing high school but who had a mentor were 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college, 81 percent more likely to report participating regularly in sports or extracurricular activities, more than twice as likely to say they held a leadership position in a club or sports team, and 78 percent more likely to volunteer regularly in their communities. 
costeffective investment. In fact, for every $1 invested in mentoring, there is a $3 return to society. 
encourage States to establish and support effective dropout prevention and reentry programs that will provide necessary assistance to ensure that all of our children graduate. 
school dropout prevention and reentry by establishing a mechanism to collect systemic data on dropout reentry and 
graduation rates, while establishing a national clearing house to collect information on effective dropout prevention and reentry programs. 
technical assistance to State and local educational agencies, carry out national recognition programs for State and local educational agencies that raise academic achievement levels, and provide grants to local schools and agencies with dropout rates above the State’s average to implement effective and sustainable dropout prevention and reentry programs. 
the amendment to H.R. 5. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
start by thanking the gentlewoman for the amendment, although I do oppose it, and commending her for the outstanding work that she has personally done in this area of mentoring and helping kids get through school and off to a life with hope, rather than a life of crime and gangs. She has done remarkable work. 
currently more than 80 elementary and secondary education programs in current law. This bill, the underlying bill, eliminates 65 of these programs, as we tried to allow schools more flexibility to do what they feel is most important with the money that they are getting. 
for another $125 million of spending in the first year and such sums thereafter. I am afraid this is yet another Federal program that will be chronically underfunded and competing for funding that the schools so desperately need. 
personal hard work in this field, I continue to oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
receive assistance from counselors to advise, prepare, and improve the readiness of such youths for college. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) and a Member 
my amendment would require States to provide a blueprint for college and career counseling opportunities for homeless youth. 
fact, I want to thank very much Mr. STIVERS of Ohio and his staff who were 
1.6 million homeless youth and runaways in this country, and we also know that they are especially vulnerable to falling through the cracks of our educational system. This would simply ask States to show how they are going to help these youth with career and college readiness. 
Before I came to Congress, I cofounded a charter school in Denver called the Academy of Urban Learning. The focus of this charter school, which serves just over 100 students in Denver to this day, about 12 years after it was founded, it serves homeless youth and youth in transitional housing. 
One of the keys to the success of this 
school is the counseling and wraparound services that the students receive. In fact, one of the graduation requirements is that students must apply to two institutions of higher education. 
than just that requirement, they need the handson help from the counselors that will help them achieve that, so there has been a remarkable record of students not only applying but attending community colleges and even 4 year universities. 
that school work—and I am very confident would help make other schools work that serve homeless youth across the country—is the college and career readiness counseling to advise and prepare students for the next phase of their lives. 
This amendment is extremely important in making a difference for the lives of homeless youth, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt it. 
the time in opposition of the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, last 
month, I had the privilege of joining three young adults from my district to reintroduce the Homeless Children and Youth Act, a bill that will help young homeless youth get access to housing and better service and better to just count them, so we know what the extent of the problem is, so that we can serve them in the future. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act was originally signed into law to help the neediest children among us have a quality education. As we consider the reauthorization, we need to not forget about vulnerable students who happen to be homeless. 
require States to develop a plan on how school counselors can help these homeless students with their college readiness. By providing these children with college counseling and encouraging them and giving them hope, we can develop a brighter future not only for those children, but for America. 
on this, for joining me in the fight to help serve our homeless youth in this country and help give them a bright future. 
the staff for their hard work. We worked with the committee on this amendment. That is why nobody else rose in opposition to it because we actually worked out the details. I appreciate their suggestions and willingness to work with us. I appreciate the gentleman from Texas for being willing to take those suggestions. 
how this House should work, work together to serve the people, to take care of those in need, to make sure we look out for the future of our country. I am proud to have been involved and appreciate the work of the gentleman from Texas and the chairman and those on the committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say, in conclusion, I also want to thank the Congressman one more time and the chairman and the ranking member and their staff, who were very gracious and helpful in drafting this. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
At the end of title VI, add the following 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall develop a national research strategy with respect to elementary and secondary education that includes advancing— 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to present an amendment to help prepare vulnerable and atrisk students for the future. Too many children suffer because we effectively do not have the coordinated efforts to research and apply data on student achievement in a way that would really benefit them. 
This amendment supports the creation of a national strategy for the collection, analysis, and assessment of student achievement data. This data will be used to structure systems that better serve our students. In addition, it will advance teacher professional development, educational administration, and international education comparisons. 
careers should be a priority of our system of education. But doing this successfully requires evidencebased tools we need to properly assess what is working and what is not working. 
ensure that all students leave our elementary and secondary schools prepared to meet the demands of our global society. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
thank the gentleman for offering his amendment, even though I am opposed to it. 
programs is important, and we need to better understand what works in education. It is for that reason the underlying bill already places an emphasis on better evaluation for the programs included in the bill. We do not need yet another Federal program overlaying a new strategy on top of the current evaluations required and allowed. 
While I agree very much with the importance of the issue, I must oppose the amendment, as it is unnecessary 
and duplicative. I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his thoughts and, quite frankly, I appreciate that this is really a part of our ongoing discussion; however, I respectfully disagree. 
some of my colleagues believe that such a strategy should be left to the States; however, it is critically important that we remember one fact: a child does not learn differently based on what State they live in. A State that fails to hold schools accountable hurts the students, even if their standards were approved by the General Assembly. Parents should not have to worry about their child getting an inferior education just because of the State that they live in, Mr. Chairman. 
Hoosier State of Indiana—are holding robust debates about assessments, we still do not have a clear strategy to address the needs of our students or our teachers. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, merely sets forth a plan to address the problems we are facing across the country and increase the likelihood that our students will receive a quality education. This is something for us to think about, Mr. Chairman. 
this amendment addresses a very important issue, it will not solve the wide array of programs with the underlying bill. This bill ignores the needs of students living in poverty, students with disabilities, and English language learners. It fails to target those schools that are truly in need and allows portability that will hurt these struggling schools even further. It cuts State accountability standards. It block grants critical title I funds, effectively increasing chances that funds will not reach their intended targets, Mr. Chairman. 
students, parents, and teachers need. I encourage my colleagues, Mr. Chairman, to support my amendment and 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, while obviously I disagree with a great deal of what my friend and colleague has just said about what this underlying bill does, I think it is going exactly to the core of the problem that we see with the current law, No Child Left Behind. 
greater flexibility to superintendents and to local school boards so that they can dedicate funds to the areas where they are needed most. The gentleman’s amendment, as I mentioned earlier, is not helpful in this effort because of the language in the underlying bill. 
support the bill, I disagree with his description of the bill and would urge my colleagues to oppose his amendment and support that underlying bill. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
of taxpayer funds authorized to be appropriated under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds, the Secretary of Education— 
grant or subgrant under such Act is aware of— 
properly any subgrantee under the applicable program or programs; and 
and any other compliance reviews to ensure proper use of Federal funds; 
General in the Department of Education as needed to help ensure that employees of such department understand how to monitor grantees properly and to help grantees monitor any subgrantees properly. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate this opportunity to advocate for my amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My amendment is based on the principle that strong oversight of taxpayer dollars should be the utmost priority for any Federal agency, including the 
Department of Education. I know my colleagues have strong and varied opinions—as has been exhibited on this floor over the past few hours—on the merits of this bill or not, but as this amendment comes forward, I would ask that we look at the accountability factor that is in this amendment. 
As the husband of an educator, education has long been a priority in my family. My wife’s experiences have also given me a firsthand look at the challenges teachers face when school resources are tight. Some school districts in northeast Georgia and all over the country often struggle to make ends meet. They have to hold each other and every member of their staffs accountable for the money they spend. 
I think it is time we apply this same 
commonsense principle to the Department of Education. When fiscal responsibility and oversight are not taken seriously, we lose opportunities to help educators and students. When the Federal Government is a good steward of public funds, we have more resources to direct to good initiatives that will actually make a difference in classrooms across the country. My amendment seeks to protect the Department of Education’s limited resources by ensuring that recipients of taxpayer funded grants are aware of their responsibilities. 
Now, understanding I personally believe that the Department of Education’s role should continue to be reduced and that States and locals are the best place to do this, but as long as there is money going to the Department of Education, it should be an utmost responsibility of responsibility and accountability. 
Secretary of Education ensure that each grantee and subgrantee is aware of three things: first, their responsibility to comply with all the monitoring requirements under their applicable program; second, the grantee’s obligation to properly supervise any subgrantee; and third, the Secretary’s schedule for monitoring and compliance reviews to ensure proper use of Federal funds. 
information will discourage abuse and remove the grantee’s excuse that they just did not know what would be required of them when they accepted taxpayer dollars. 
My amendment also requires the Secretary to review and analyze the results of monitoring and compliance reviews to understand trends, identify common issues, and issue guidance before the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding. The Secretary would also make public their agency’s effort to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse, including specific cases in which the Secretary found and prevented the misuse of taxpayer funds. 
Secretary to work with the agency’s Office of Inspector General to ensure that the appropriate Department of 
Education employees understand how to properly monitor grantees and guide grantees in the overseeing of subgrantees. 
designed to improve transparency, increase communication between the Department of Education and grant recipients, and ultimately ensure the Federal Government ensures good 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. The extra layer of accountability provides this amendment will ensure that grants of all sizes are used well and that students and taxpayers will get the most benefit for their buck. 
Nation understand the importance of protecting the limited resources we have to help kids in and out of the classroom. The least the Department of Education can do is put the policies in place to prevent the abuse of taxpayer dollars by grantees and make sure that the grant recipients know all of the reporting requirements and guidelines concerning their taxpayer funds. 
both sides of the aisle will support this simple, commonsense transparency amendment. 
the chairman and the committee for their work on this bill and others. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . DOLD  
to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Add at the end of title VIII the following: 
FUNDS FOR EXCESS PAYMENTS TO CERTAIN RETIREMENT OR PENSION SYSTEMS. 
authorized under this Act or the amendments made by this Act may require any local educational agency using funds authorized under this Act to hire or pay the salary of teachers to use such funds to make contributions to a teacher retirement or pension system for a plan year in excess of the normal cost of pension benefits for such plan year for which the employing local educational agency has responsibility. 
of this section, the term ‘‘normal cost’’ means the portion of the cost of projected benefits allocated to the current plan year, not including any unfunded liabilities the teacher retirement or pension system has accrued. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) and a Member 
today in support of my amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
Federal education dollars will go to students and schools that need them most and that the Federal education funds are not redirected into State pension programs that pay off the States’ unfunded liabilities. The amendment prohibits States from requiring school districts that choose to pay teachers 
using Federal funds to make a contribution to a teacher’s pension plan that covers not only the normal cost of that teacher, but also covers the unfunded liabilities that that pension plan may have incurred. It will prevent the States from forcing school districts to use Federal funds to bail out State pension plans and will leave school districts free to make the best decisions for their needs. 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to recognize that the amendment does not ban school districts from making pension contributions to cover the normal costs of a teacher’s participation in that pension plan. The amendment only prevents States from redirecting Federal education dollars to pay off unfunded liabilities and instead leaves the school districts free to use the Federal funds for their intended purposes: improving our schools, hiring more teachers, and giving children the opportunity to receive a better education. 
I think it is important, Mr. Chairman, as we look at what is happening certainly in my State, the State of Illinois, there are times where actually almost 33 percent of title I dollars, of dollars that go to IDEA, actually go into the teachers’ pension. It is actually a penalty. So what we find is that we find school districts that are in desperate need of hiring additional teachers that are using those dollars not to go to teachers. They are instead using those dollars to pay for other things because they refuse to take a 33 percent, in essence, haircut on funds that are desperately needed. 
Chairman, to my colleagues that this is not something that happens in many States. In fact, our research shows that Illinois may be fairly unique in this regard. But what I did find just last week, Mr. Chairman, I had an educational advisory board meeting with teachers and administrators and principals. One of the things that they said and they urged me, they said: Please, can you do something about this problem that we have? One school district that is in desperate need of teachers said, if we were able to solve this problem, they would be able to hire six additional teachers to be able to help out in their crowded classrooms to be able to have a better teacherstudent ratio. 
in the State of Illinois, something that I think we can actually solve here. My hope is that my colleagues will support this amendment and that we will be able to really allow those dollars to be able to go to those students that are in desperate need of help. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
Georgia). Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, this would require that the money that is appropriated under ESEA go to the purpose for which it was appropriated, and that is education. This amendment focuses the money and makes sure it goes to where it is supposed to go, and therefore I support the amendment. 
Mr. DOLD. I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia. I certainly appreciate that. 
have a bipartisan solution that allows Federal education dollars to be able to go into local school districts that are going to be able to hire more teachers. This is the way, hopefully, the process is supposed to work, Republicans and Democrats looking to work together to actually help our children. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD). 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
should examine their policies to ensure that, in a manner consistent with the Constitution, law, and court decisions, students, teachers, and school administrators are able to fully participate in activities on elementary and secondary school grounds related to their religious freedom. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) and a Member 
offer my amendment, which reaffirms the First Amendment rights of students, teachers, and school administrators to exercise their religious beliefs. 
The Founders of our Nation recognized the singular importance of religious freedom. One only needs to look 
back at the very first clause of the First Amendment to know that James Madison, the father of the Bill of Rights, saw religious freedom as central to our liberty and to our freedom of expression as human beings. 
Rights over 225 years ago, Americans have been protected from religious oppression. As a result, in present day, for many, religious freedom may seem like a given—a right that has always existed and that will always exist—but we know we can’t be so cavalier. 
that the religious protections enjoyed by Americans are not universally embraced. Even here at home, we have cause to remain vigilant. 
elementary schoolchildren being forbidden from passing out candy canes that are affixed with notes including traditional Christmas messages or even being forbidden from saying the word ‘‘Christmas’’ in school. 
Today, I rise to offer a sense of Congress to ensure that our right to religious freedom is preserved in our schools. No one should tell students and teachers that they have to check their fundamental freedoms at the schoolhouse door. This is not what our Founding Fathers envisioned or intended. 
passage of this commonsense reminder that, as Members of Congress and as Representatives of the people, we are the first line of defense against coercive government behavior. 
We bear the responsibility of protecting and upholding our traditional religious freedom as espoused in the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights in our Constitution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I have a number of concerns regarding the amendment as it is currently drafted. 
I would first note that the amendment gives great weight to the ‘‘free exercise of religion’’ without acknowledging the other half of the First Amendment, and that is the Establishment Clause. 
I am also concerned that the amendment is duplicative of previous efforts under ESEA. In No Child Left Behind, section 9524 requires the U.S. Department of Education to issue guidance on constitutionally protected prayer in public elementary and secondary schools. This guidance was developed with the Office of the General Counsel in the Department of Education and with the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice. 
that the amendment implies that teachers can participate in religious 
activities with their students. The Constitution prohibits teachers from participating in religious activities with students when those teachers are acting in their professional capacity. 
not have the ‘‘right to make the promotion of religion a part of their job description,’’ says the Supreme Court decision in 2007. A sense of Congress provision in this bill will not override the Constitution. 
religious freedom means not only are students, teachers, and school administrators able to exercise their right to religion, but also that the students should be able to attend public schools free of unwarranted proselytization and coercion in the participation of religious activities. The First Amendment is reflective of that balance. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. I appreciate the gentleman from Virginia’s response. 
intended to cause any establishment of any religion or to encourage the proselytization of any religious beliefs in school. 
protect the rights of students and of teachers and of school administrators to practice their individual beliefs and not have to check their religious freedoms at the door. It does nothing to establish any religion. 
too often too many times that somebody wears a religious necklace to school and a school administrator violates his right of religious freedom by telling him he has to remove that or, if one wears a Tshirt that has a Biblical phrase or a Biblical verse, that he has to remove that shirt or be banned from wearing that shirt in the future from school because of an administrator who doesn’t understand the protections offered by the First Amendment. 
This amendment, this sense of Congress, is purely to protect the rights that we have as students and as administrators and teachers under the First Amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, would the Chair advise how much time is available on both sides? 
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, the problem that Mr. F LORES is seeking to address here is a real problem in our country. 
Students, teachers, and school administrators of faith, particularly teachers, students, and school administrators of minority faiths, are frequently under peer pressure—at times, perhaps, coupled with pressure through official channels—not to exercise their free religion in schools. There have been instances in this 
country of Muslim teachers—Muslim women—being told not to wear their hijabs at schools. A situation could arise when a man of the Sikh faith, who would carry a ceremonial knife with him, might be told he cannot carry his ceremonial knife at a school because it violates another policy. 
who are atheists or humanists are often intimidated and afraid to proudly proclaim their lack of faith on their clothing or through their words and deeds. 
would allow Muslims and atheists and other members of minority faiths to proudly proclaim their faiths in our schools, and it would give them the opportunity to talk with others while on the school grounds during the school day. 
against students, teachers, or school administrators based on their faiths, and you don’t park your First Amendment rights at the door to the schoolhouse. 
regard to students, as we know. Students’ lockers can be checked in a different way other than through unreasonable searches and seizures. Of course, students have particular dress codes which have been sustained over time as well; and they are minors, of course, acting with their parents’ permission. 
Yet, by and large, in a manner consistent with our Constitution, which recognizes that we are a nation of many faiths and a nation of those who have no faith, people should not be afraid to proudly proclaim their Christianity, to proclaim their atheism, to proclaim that they are Muslim at our schools. 
Correctly done, I think this amendment can accomplish this, so I praise the efforts that led to this amendment. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments from the gentleman from Colorado. 
I think he goes right to the core of 
the reason that my amendment is perfectly appropriate, that it is there to protect religious freedom and to protect our rights under the First Amendment. 
my amendment, actually, when you work through what he said, so I continue to encourage the other side to work with us to protect religious freedom and to adopt my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, just to remind people that students ought to be able to attend their public schools, free from unwarranted proselytization or coercion. 
as well as the Free Exercise Clause, and as public employees exercise their rights, they should not violate a person’s right to go to school and not be faced with a phalanx of people all coercing him into joining in prayer. 
ought not be guiding the prayer and suggesting that the State has a particular religion. We have an Establishment Clause, as well as a Free Exercise Clause. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments of the gentleman from Virginia and also of the gentleman from Colorado. 
that says that coercion is okay, that religious proselytization is okay. What we are doing is just protecting the religious freedoms of the First Amendment. 
colleagues to vote for a commonsense, simple amendment that protects our religious freedoms under the First Amendment. It is very simple. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. In closing, 
Mr. Chairman, it is a great sense of Congress on the free exercise, but it ignores the Establishment Clause. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
At the end of title VIII of the bill, add the 
must meet to demonstrate proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing in both English and a second language; 
marker on the student’s secondary school diploma or its equivalent; and 
serves the student at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the State may require, including assurances that the student— 
or its equivalent in the year the student submits an application; and 
available under this section shall be used for administrative costs of establishing or improving and carrying out a Seal of Biliteracy program and for public outreach and education about that program. 
section shall be for a period of 2 years, and may be renewed at the discretion of the Secretary. 
the recipient of such grant may reapply for a grant under this section. 
this section shall not have more than 1 grant under this section at anytime. 
later than 6 months after the date on which a grant term ends, a recipient of a grant under this section shall return any unspent grant funds to the Secretary. 
receiving a grant under this section, a grant recipient shall issue a report to the Secretary describing the implementation of the Seal of Biliteracy program. 
language’’ means any language other than English, including Braille and American Sign Language. 
term ‘‘Seal of Biliteracy program’’ means any program established under this section. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) and a 
Chairman, my amendment, the Biliteracy Education Seal and Teaching Act, would amend H.R. 5 to encourage and incentivize bilingual education for our students across the country. 
establish a grant program at the Department of Education to provide resources for States to create or to expand State biliteracy seal programs to recognize high school seniors who achieve a high level of proficiency in writing, reading, and speaking in English and in a second language. 
language have a competitive edge in the American job market. As businesses look to expand into overseas 
markets and serve a wider range of customers and as the world becomes increasingly interconnected, the demand for students with valuable language skills is increasing. 
needs young people with language skills. The Federal Government also has a direct and compelling interest in 
ensuring that our young people become proficient in foreign languages. Our military, our diplomats, and our intelligence agencies are increasingly seeking to recruit young people with proficiency in a foreign language. 
However, there are few State or national standards for bilingual certification for high school students, and many students who could qualify for the seal are not enrolled in AP or baccalaureate classes either because they cannot afford the cost of the test or their school does not offer advanced courses; whereas States that have or are in the process of implementing State seals do so free of charge for every student. 
I must add that eight States have already approved a bilingual seal, and three more are considering it as we speak. 
marker on a student’s high school diploma. It serves as a certification by the State that the student is fluent and literate in a language other than English. 
would be available to students who are proficient in any spoken language—Arabic, Mandarin, Spanish. My amendment also makes nonspoken languages, like American Sign Language and braille, also eligible. 
To receive a seal, a high school senior must have a strong academic record in both English and a second language, and he must be on track to graduate. My amendment establishes a voluntary grant program which would not impose any new mandates on States. 
It is also budget neutral. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that it would not increase direct spending. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment, even though I am opposed to it. 
clearly a helpful skill and much sought in the private sector and in government. I think back to my days in school, and at one time I was conversant, if not fluent, in both Spanish and German, and now I can barely read the menu—or speisekarte—having let that lapse. I just do not think we need yet another Federal program, and the gentlewoman’s amendment authorizes another $10 million for this program to get a government seal of approval. I think the students can speak, read, and write for themselves and should be encouraged to learn those languages, become proficient, stay proficient, but the last thing they need is the Federal Government creating yet another program to determine what certifies them as bilingual. 
gentlelady’s emphasis on the importance of being bilingual or multilingual, I nevertheless must oppose her amendment and encourage my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, as chairwoman of the California Assembly Education Committee, I sponsored legislation in 2012 that established a State seal in California, the first of its kind in our country, and since that time I have seen firsthand how successful this program has been. 
and 219 school districts across California participated in this program. They earned their seals for achievement in 40 different languages. 
the 113th Congress, it was supported by many education and civil rights organizations, including the National Education Association, Centro Latino for Literacy, California Association for Bilingual Education, Families in Schools, California School Board Association, Californians Together, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, and the Asian and Pacific Islanders California Action Network. 
States the flexibility to shape their own seal programs while ensuring the programs guarantee equal access for all students. 
and multiculturalism. It also recognizes that fluency in a second language helps students compete in an increasingly global marketplace. The seal also helps employers, colleges, and universities distinguish talented applicants with valuable skills. 
If you support encouraging bilingualism, this is an amendment to support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, regretfully, I continue to oppose the gentlelady’s amendment. I ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
to consider amendment No. 40 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Schools of 
promise of transforming rural education by removing barriers of distance and increasing school capacity. 
in rural areas, these advancements risk bypassing rural areas without support for their implementation. Rather than having schools and local educational agencies apply digital learning innovations designed for urban environments to rural areas, it is important that digital learning technologies be developed and implemented in ways that reflect the unique needs of rural areas. 
and new tools for improving teaching and learning are being developed every day. A growing demand for digital learning tools and products has made rigorous evaluation of their effectiveness increasingly important, as this information would allow school and local educational agency leaders to make informed choices about how best to use these tools to improve student achievement and educational outcomes. 
student access to courses that may not have been available to students in rural communities, increasing their college and career readiness. 
From the amounts appropriated to carry out this title, the Secretary of Education is authorized to award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible partnerships to carry out the activities described in section 906. 
under this title shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, which shall include the following: 
learning practice, tool, strategy, or course that the eligible partnership proposes to develop or implement using the grant funds. 
hold the relevant license and are otherwise qualified to implement any technologybased practice, tool, strategy, or course using the grant funds. 
class or school implementing a practice, tool, strategy or course using the grant funds will have access to any equipment necessary to participate on a full and equitable basis. 
smartphones, laptops, tablets, or other devices susceptible to inappropriate use have the informed consent of parents or guardians and are not inconsistent with any policies of the local educational agency on the use of such devices. 
to be reached through the grant and evidence of its capacity to reach the proposed number of students during the course of the grant. 
a peer review process to review applications for grants under this title. The Secretary shall appoint individuals to the peer review process who have relevant expertise in digital learning, research and evaluation, standards quality and alignment, and rural education. 
under this title, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, diversity in the type of activities funded under the grants. 
eligible partnership’s application for a grant under this title, the Secretary shall consider— 
evidence with respect to such practice, tool, strategy, or course; 
or tablet applications to improve students’ engagement, focus, and time on task. 
based practices and strategies identified under this paragraph include the following types of practices and strategies designed to aid and inform instruction: 
can be used for the purpose of formative assessment. 
and their students access to instructional and curricular materials that are— 
and a career, such as a repository of primary historical sources for use in history and civics courses or examples of developmentally appropriate science experiments. 
Technologybased tools, courses, and strategies identified under this paragraph include the following types of tools, courses, and strategies designed to meet the needs of students with specific educational needs: 
meet the needs of students with a particular disability. 
are not on track to graduate or have already dropped out of school the opportunity for accelerated credit recovery. 
or software designed to meet the needs of English language learners. 
courses, and strategies identified under this paragraph include peertopeer virtual learning opportunities to be used for the purposes of projectbased learning, deeper learning, and collaborative learning, and other tools, courses, and strategies designed to help students develop 21st century skills, such as the ability to think critically and solve problems, be effective communicators, collaborate with others, and learn to create and innovate. 
identified under this paragraph include courses or collections of courses approved by the applicable local educational agency or State educational agency that provide students with access to courses that they would not otherwise have access to, such as the following: 
partnership receiving a grant under this title may use grant funds to— 
for technologybased learning strategies, practices, courses, or tools to be carried out under the grant; 
to carry out such strategies, practices, courses, or tools under the grant, except that such purchases may not exceed 50 percent of total grant funds; 
development or professional development on how to maximize the utility of technology; and 
in a class or school implementing a practice, tool, strategy, or course using grant funds provided under this title, there shall be a teacher of record, holding the relevant certification or license, and otherwise qualified to implement any digitallybased practice, tool, strategy or course using the grant funds. An eligible partnership shall use grant funds provided under this title, and shall determine the extent and nature of pedagogical uses of digital tools, in a manner that is consistent with the judgments of teachers of record about what is developmentally appropriate for students. 
receiving a grant under this title shall require its evaluation partner to complete an independent, comprehensive, welldesigned, and wellimplemented evaluation that meets the standards of the What Works Clearinghouse after the third year of implementation of the grant to measure the effect of the practice, tool, strategy, or course on— 
measured by high quality assessments that provide objective, valid, reliable measures of student academic growth and information on whether a student is ontrack to graduate ready for college and career; 
regional educational laboratories established under part D of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, research on best practices in school leadership. 
a case in which a school partner or evaluation partner demonstrates expertise in digital learning to the Secretary; and 
‘‘digital learning partner’’ means an organization with expertise in the technology required to develop or implement the digital learning practices, tools, strategies, or courses proposed by the school partner with which the digital learning partner will partner or has partnered under this title, such as— 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I think that there is universal agreement among us in this body that No Child Left Behind, the most recent iteration of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, needs to be replaced. 
I think a lot of folks have the same 
kinds of concerns I have about the Student Success Act, many of the provisions in that act. One of my major concerns—and, again, I think a number of us in this body can share these concerns—is that the bill lacks focus on or support for rural school districts. That is a big issue. 
mother, and I represented rural parts of Iowa for the last 8 years that I have been in Congress. I served for 8 years on the Education and the Workforce Committee. I would be remiss if I didn’t say that I miss my time there from time to time, although I am enjoying my time on a new committee. 
think gets overlooked. I think that a lot of folks in this body really, through no fault of their own and certainly through no malice on their part, simply don’t recognize or understand the needs of rural parts of our country, not just in Iowa, but around the country, and certainly the needs of rural students. 
often educating my colleagues to some extent because they don’t seem to understand sometimes—folks on both sides of the aisle, Mr. Chairman—that poverty is not just an urban problem. It is a rural problem as well, and it does exist in rural areas. 
that fewer students from rural areas complete college than their urban counterparts as well. In fact, this gap is growing wider by the year. 
think just a little bit, we understand exist out there in our society. And a large part of the problem is that rural students face unique challenges and barriers to access to resources. For example, many rural students may not have a proper Internet connection, if any at all, let alone enough bandwidth or a computer at home. So it is even more important that they are exposed to technology in school. 
powerful it is in vastly expanding the educational options and opportunities available to students in rural areas, 
providing these students with a cuttingedge 21st century education regardless of geography. 
have the power to transform the typical classroom experience into one that is more studentcentered and provide teachers with more accurate information and feedback on student progress so they can better address the needs of struggling students—something all of us would like to see happen. 
smaller workforce to draw from and struggle to find teachers for a wide variety of electives or advanced coursework. The students in these schools, I have no doubt—and I think most folks in this body have no doubt— would benefit tremendously from the use of technology to deliver, supplement, and personalize instruction and provide opportunities to these students they may not have otherwise. 
a simple one. It is supported by the National Education Association, by the School Superintendents Association, and the Alliance for Excellent Education. It would simply support the expansion of the use of digital learning through competitive grants to partnerships to implement and evaluate the results of technologybased learning practices, strategies, tools, and programs at rural schools. 
start paying more attention to rural communities. That is the bottom line. As cochair of the Rural Education Caucus, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment and to provide students in rural communities with the same digital learning resources as students in larger school districts, and I hope that we can vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, even though I must oppose the amendment. I would say that we do miss him on the committee. 
his, we certainly have rural schools. In fact, I was thinking about rural schools the other day. My wife went to such a rural school. It was called Country School because it was a oneroom schoolhouse, and how heartbroken she was when she was forced to go to the bigcity school—population 1,000—for the city. So we do know something about rural schools. 
The underlying bill, the Student Success Act, does maintain the rural education programs in the bill, and under the local academic flexible grants, districts can support the use of digital learning if they believe it is the best way to use those funds. 
to determine what they need for their students and not have to abide by priorities set by Washington. 
So while I greatly appreciate the gentleman’s passion for rural schools—and I think I share that passion—I just firmly believe we don’t need yet another new Federal program. We are working to provide flexibility so that schools can put the resources where they need them the most. 
And so I must oppose the gentleman’s amendment, ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
amendment at the desk as the designee of Ms. MENG. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
The purpose of this title is to provide assistance to States to improve the knowledge, credentials, compensation, and professional development of early childhood educators working with children in early childhood education programs. 
program’’ means a Head Start Program carried out under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), a Statefunded prekindergarten program, a licensed child care serving prekindergarten children, and special education preschool. 
The Secretary of Education, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award grants to States to implement and administer the activities described in section 906. 
grant under this title shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
was developed in collaboration with the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or established under section 642B of the Head Start Act, the State agency responsible for administering childcare, the State Head Start collaboration director, the State educational agency, institutions of higher education, organizations that represent early childhood educators, and credible early childhood education professional organizations. 
working learners through offering of college courses at accessible time and locations, with particular attention to rural areas; 
language learners, or come from lowincome or minority communities; 
title shall ensure that grant funds are used to carry out the following: 
costs of tuition, fees, materials, transportation, paid substitutes, and release time for preschool teachers employed in an early childhood education program to pursue a bachelor’s degree in early childhood education or a closely related field. 
in an early childhood education program, and who have obtained a bachelor’s degree in a field other than early childhood education or a closely related field, to attain a credential, licensure, or endorsement that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
who are enrolled and making progress toward a degree in early childhood education and to provide parity of compensation upon completion of such degree and retention in the early childhood education program. 
diversity of children (including children with special needs and dual language learners) and families. 
supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local funds that are available for early childhood educator preparation and professional development. 
for a fiscal year shall maintain the fiscal effort provided by the State for the activities supported by the funds under this title at a level equal to or greater than the level of such fiscal effort for the preceding fiscal year. 
carry out this title such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, as the father of a young boy that you had the opportunity to meet the other day in our Rules Committee, I have a particular interest in quality early childhood education. He is going to enter preschool this fall. I support universal preschool so every child in the country has the same kinds of opportunities that your child or my child has. 
side of the aisle also recognize the tremendous importance of quality preschool in this country. I also understand that they don’t necessarily support the Democratic approach of a comprehensive Federal program for universal preschool. 
is a compromise, a modest step that would help States make the investment in early childhood education that they want to make by authorizing—not appropriating money for—but authorizing the Department of Education to set up a grant program to incentivize State investments in quality early childhood education. 
get behind. I urge my Republican colleagues to see this amendment as a modest compromise approach to an issue that we need to move forward on. 
Investment in early childhood education is the most important investment we can make in the life of a child. I remember many years ago I chaired a high school reform commission in the State of Colorado, and one of the first things that we concluded about how to improve the performance of high schools in our State was to improve the performance and make preschool universally available—and then just wait 12 years and the high schools will look a whole lot better. 
Well, there is a lot of truth to that. 
We can lower the special education rate, lower the grade repetition rate. The most inexpensive place to address the achievement gaps is in early childhood education. It only gets harder to succeed and more expensive as those gaps become more persistent across socioeconomic groups, across race, as the child ages. 
preschool programs, and this amendment provides the right incentives for the State to do it—not by a Federal approach mandating preschool, but by 
simply saying we are here to be your partners and work with States to expand access to highquality preschool programs. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
the gentlewoman and the gentleman in her stead for this amendment, although I do oppose it. 
I think most of us agree that there is 
great value to early childhood education. That is why the underlying bill would allow States and schools to use funds allocated through both the local academic flexible grants and under title I to support preK programs. 
already spend—the Federal Government—over $13 billion a year in preK programs. The premier program, which is Head Start, spends over $8 billion a year. And I think we should concentrate on getting those right instead of creating yet another new, massive program that would simply compete with other programs for scarce taxpayer resources. 
So while this is somewhat duplicative, another large program, I appreciate the gentleman’s passion for preK learning. But, unfortunately, because we don’t, in my judgment, need yet another new program when we haven’t properly evaluated existing programs, I oppose this amendment. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
have been studied. Those highquality programs increase achievement, increase the graduation rates, increase future employment, decrease crime, decrease teen pregnancy, and, in the long term, save more money than they cost. 
early childhood education and therefore is a meaningful improvement in the bill, and I would hope we would adopt this. It provides for professional improvement, a great improvement in early childhood education. 
Since it has been studied and so successful, I would hope we would adopt the amendment. 
that for every dollar invested in quality early childhood education, it can actually save $7 to $9 of taxpayer 
money over the lifetime of that child in schools over the next 12 years. That is an actual savings. If we were to score this in an accurate way, on a 10year basis, the investment in quality preschool would save money. 
of course I am interested in improving Head Start and building upon it, but this is a different and broader approach than Head Start. This program impacts middle class communities who also stand to benefit from quality early childhood education that often they can’t afford on their own dime. 
Now, what we need is a targeted approach, and that is really the crucial difference between this amendment and the existing program. The need for a unique approach to preschool has been recognized across the Nation. 
It is time for the Federal Government to recognize what States and districts are crying out for. It is time to address the need for highquality early childhood education in a dedicated and comprehensive way, and that is what this amendment does. 
can prevent learning gaps from arising before they arise. We can reduce the need for special education and IDEA, and we can save money by reducing youth adjudication rates, grade repetition rates, and other costly interventions that are necessary if children don’t have that opportunity when they are 3 or 4 years old. 
on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
to my friend from Colorado talking about how great this program would be, I was thinking about, over the years, how do you get to 80 programs in the Federal K–12 program and get multiple preK programs for child care and child education? It is because, year after year, Members of Congress have stood up and talked about how wonderful things were going to be, how much money we were going to save, how much brighter the kids would be if we just had this one more program. And so it grows, and so it grows. 
is to look at the programs we already have, to make the most of them and, in the underlying bill, the Student Success Act, to give the maximum amount of flexibility to local school superintendents and school boards so they can put the resources where they need them. 
gentleman—or the gentlewoman’s amendment. I think you were subbing for Ms. MENG, perhaps. I am not sure. I 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. KLINE) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider resolutions to authorize 12 prospectuses, including three alteration projects and nine leases included in the General Services Administration’s FY2015 Capital Investment and Leasing Program. 
waste and the cost of federal property and leases. The resolutions include projects that will reduce space, support consolidations into Governmentowned facilities, and address life safety deficiencies. The space reductions and consolidations will result in $111 million in avoided lease costs. All the projects approved are within amounts included in the relevant appropriations bills. 
adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on February 12, 2015. 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to implement energy and water retrofit and conservation measures, as well as high performance energy projects, in Governmentowned buildings during fiscal year 2015 at a total cost of $5,000,000, a prospectus, as amended by this resolution, for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/2 here EH26FE15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPBS 
GSA proposes the implementation nf energy and water rctmlit and conservation measures, as 
well as high performance energy projects, in Governmentowned buildings during fiscal year 
GSA proposes the implementation or energy and water retrofit and conservation measures in 
The Energy and Water Conservation Measures Program is designed to reduce onsite energy 
consumption through building alteration projects or retrofits of existing buildings systems. 
These projects arc an important part of GSA's approach to reducing energy consumption in the 
existing inventory to reach mandated percentage !'eduction goals through 2015. 
Projects in Federal buildings throughout the country are currently being identified through 
surveys and studies. The projects to be funded will have poshivc savingstoinvestment ratios, 
wiH provide reasonable payback periods that reflect GSA's priority of being a green proving 
ground of next generation technologies, and may generate rebates and saving from utility 
companies and incentives from grid operators. Projects will vary in size, by location, and by 
This prospectus requests approval for proposed projects involving energy and water retrofit 
work, geothermal and other High Perfonnance Green Building retrofit work, as well as 
design/construction work for new facilities that incorporate these technologies. The projects 
contained in this prospectus are for a diverse set of design and retrofit projects with engineering 
solutions to reduce energy or water consumption and/or costs. 
Projects will vary in size by location and by delivery method. Typical projects include the 
• Upgrading heating, ventilating, and air·conditioning (HV AC) systems with new. high 
efficiency systems including the installation of energy management control systems. 
• Altering constant volume air distribution systems to variable air flow systems by the 
addition of variable air flow boxes, fan volume control dampers, and related climatic 
Insert offset folio 1431/3 here EH26FE15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPBS 
• Installing building automation control systems, such as night setback thermostats and 
• Installing automatic occupancy light controls, lighting fixture modifications, and 
associated wiring to reduce the electrical consumption per square foot through the use of 
higher cflicicncy lumps and usc of nonunifom1 task lighting design. 
• Installing new or modifying existing temperature control systems. 
• Replacing electrical motors with multispeed or variablespeed motors. 
• Insulating roof.'l, pipes, HVAC duct work, and mechanical equipment. 
• lnsta!Jing and caulking storm windows and doors to prevent the passage of air and 
• Providing advanced metering projects which enable building managers to better monitor 
• Providing renewable projects including photovoltaic systems, solar hot water systems, 
01 Drilling to install vertical and horizontal geothermal loops. 
• Installing heat pumps and other types of geothermal equipment. 
• Installing building insulation and seals to enhance equipment performance and reduce the 
size and energy consumption of geothermal and other energyefficient equipment. 
• Installing wastewater recycling processes for use on lawns, in toilets, and for washing 
• Insulating roofs, pipes, HV AC duct work, and mechanical equipment. 
Insert offset folio 1431/4 here EH26FE15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPllS 
The Energy Policy Act of2005 (Public Law 109~58) required a 2 percent energy usage reduction 
as measured in BTll/GSF per year from 2006 through 2015 over a 2003 baseline. Guidance 
issued by the Department of Energy pursuant to this requirement states that savings anticipated 
from advanced metering can range from 2 to 45 percent annually when used in combination with 
reduction, was incorporated into Jaw as the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 
(EISA). Both increased the energy reduction mandates 1o 3 percent per year, and the Executive 
Order also established a water reduction mandate of2 percent per year based on a 2007 baseline 
By the year 2015, all Federal agencies are directed to reduce overall energy use in buildings they 
operate by 30 percent from 2003 levels and reduce overall water usc by 16 percent from 2007 
levels. Increased energy and water efficiency in buildings and operations will require capital 
investment for changes and modifications to physical systems which consume energy and water, 
as well as other high perfom1ance green building initiatives and infi·astructure designs and 
In addition, EISA included provisions that exceed the requirements of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005. One such longterm requirement is to eliminate fossil fuelgenerated energy consumption 
in new and renovated Federal buildings by FY 2030 by achieving targeted reductions beginning 
with projects designed in FY 2010. Other shorterterm measures include increasing the use of 
solar hot water heating (to 30 percent); instaHation of advanced meters for steam and gas 
(previously only electricity was covered); and broader application of energy efficiency in all 
Approval of this FY 2015 request will enable GSA to continue to provide leadership in 
energy/water conservation and efficiency to both the public and private sectors. 
Insert offset folio 1431/5 here EH26FE15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PUS 
lt has been determined that the practical solution to achieving the identified building energy and 
water management goals is to proceed with the energy and water retrofit and conservation work 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on __ .=.:Mctr=ch~...:=6:.!..,.....:2:::.;0::..:1:..:4:__ ________ ~Recommended: \Q t}rf) 
ALTERATION —PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILD I N G&U .S. COURTHOUSE , SAN FRANCISCO , CA 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade several building systems and reconfigure existing space at the Phillip Burton Federal Building & U.S. 
Courthouse located in the Civic Center area in San Francisco, California to replace the roof and associated support structure elements, cold and hot water risers, window film, and the extension of external airintakes and to buildout and backfill approximately 15,000 square feet of vacant space to move the U.S. Bankruptcy Court from leased space, at a design cost of $2,000,000, an estimated construction cost of $25,000,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $2,000,000 for a total estimated project cost of $29,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/7 here EH26FE15.005SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade several building systems and reconfigure existing space at the PhiHip Burton 
Federal Building & U.S. Courthouse (Phillip Bmton). The project will include 
replacement of the roof and associated support structure elements, cold and hot water 
risers, window film, and the extension of extemal airintakes. The project also includes 
the buildout and backfill of approximately 15,000 square feet of vacant space for the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Court that will relocate from leased space to Phillip Burton, resulting in a 
reduction of annual lease payments to the private sector of approximately $1.8 miUion 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
Insert offset folio 1431/8 here EH26FE15.006SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The Phillip Burton Federal Building and United States Courthouse is located in the Civic 
Center area of San Francisco and is the largest Federal building in the San Francisco 
metropolitan area. Constructed in 1964, the building consists of 22 stories above ground 
with two underground levels of parking. Situated on 2.6 acres of land area, the building 
has approximately 1,244,600 rentable square feet with 236 underground parking spaces. 
The building is rectangular in shape and sheathed in an aluminum and glass exterior with 
a limestone and granite stone facade over concrete walls and columns. The building was 
renovated from 1989 through 1995 for asbestos removal and tenant space changes. The 
front plaza was redesigned and reconstructed in 2000. A new main entry project to 
enhance the security and first impressions of the building was completed in December 
Judiciary Public Defender, U.S. District Courts, Circuit Libraries, District Judge 
Courtrooms, Magistrate Judge Chambers, District Clerk, Probation, Pretrial Services; 
Justice Department Antitrust Division, Civil Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
U.S. Marshals Service, Drug Enforcement Agency, Office of U.S. Attorneys, Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco & Firearms; U.S. Postal Service, Treasury Department Intema1 
Revenue Service, U.S. Tax Court; General Services Administration Regional Public 
Buildings Service and Field Office, Federal Acquisition Service; Department of 
Homeland Security Transportation Security Agency, National Protection and Programs 
Insert offset folio 1431/9 here EH26FE15.007SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project will replace and repair some of the critical infrastructure systems in 
the building. The roof and associated support structure, cold and hot water risers, window 
film, and the extemal air intakes will be replaced or upgraded. In addition, the project 
will decrease building vacancy and provide the necessary tenant improvements necessary 
for the US Bankruptcy Comt to relocate from leased space. When complete the project 
Many of the building's systems and infrastructure are substantially beyond their useful 
life and showing signs of failure. These improvements will address water intrusion, 
health and life safety, and tenant comfort issues within the building. The project will also 
decrease building vacancy by relocating the U.S. Bankruptcy Court from leased space to 
Phillip Burton saving the taxpayer approximately $1.8 million mmually. 
The air intake portion of this project improves the buildh1g security by raising the outside 
air intalces on this facility above their current grade level locations. 
The infrastructure work items (roof, liser, and solar film replacements) have reached the 
end of their design life. Defen·ed maintenance of these items could potentially lead to 
greater replacement costs in the future and the potential to negatively impact other 
1 Tite entire lease costs tor the Judiciary at 235 Pine Street, San Francisco, CA are approximately$! .8 
million annually. Part of this requirement will move to Phillip Burton prior to project completion. 
Insert offset folio 1431/10 here EH26FE15.008SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum perfonnance criteria. 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
alteration project. The cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or 
Insert offset folio 1431/11 here EH26FE15.009SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade components of the fire and life safety systems at the HartDole Inouye Federal Center located in Battle 
Creek, Michigan to improve the life safety condition of the facility by replacement of components of the fire alarm and smoke detection systems, restoration of fire separation in the tunnels that connect multiple 
buildings, elevator recall and air handling unit shutdown, and repairs to the fire suppression system and abatement of hazardous materials, at a design cost of $986,000, an estimated construction cost of $9,222,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $989,000 for a total estimated project cost of $11,197,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/13 here EH26FE15.010SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI)ROSI'ECTllS ALTERATION 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade components of the lire and tile safety systems at the HartDolcInouye Federal 
Center in Battle Creek, MI. Alterations to improve the life safety condition of the facility 
involve replacement of' components of the fire alarm and smoke detection systems; 
restoration of fire separation in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings, elevator recall 
and air handling unit shutdown~ repairs to the fire suppression system and abatement of 
This project was among those previously included in GSA's FY 2013 Capital Investment 
and Leasing Program's Exigent Needs prospectus. Alihough the prospectus was 
approved by the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works and the House 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on July 24,2012, and February 28,2013, 
respectively, no funds were ever appropriated. GSA will not seek to have the Exigent 
Needs prospectus funded in the aggregate. Instead, the agency will seek individual 
prospectus approval and funding for certain of the projects originally included as part of 
the Exigent Needs prospectus, such as the work described in this prospectus. 
For FY 2015, this prospectus proposes repairs and alterations to the HartDoyleInouye 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
Insert offset folio 1431/14 here EH26FE15.011SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The IlartDolcInouye Federal Center is a campus of 21 buildings with a total of 
approximately 800,000 rentable square feet of space primarily occupied by the 
Department of Defense, Defense Logistics Agency. The buildings are located on 
approximately 25 acres of land northwest of the central business district of Battle Creek. 
Four buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and an 
additional fourteen buildings were listed in 2012. The remaining three buildings were 
The complex was originally opened in 1866 as the Westem Health Reform Institute by 
the SeventhDay Adventist Church. The original structure was destroyed by a fire in 
1902. The next year, the facility was rebuilt and enlarged, and renamed the Battle Creek 
Sanitariwn. In 1942, the U.S. Army purchased the complex and renan1ed it the Percy 
Jones Army Hospital after an anny surgeon who served during World War I. The Percy 
Jones Army Hospital closed its doors in 1953. fn 1959, the U.S. General Services 
Administration changed the name of the facility to the Battle Creek Federal Center since 
it provided office space for a variety of federal agencies. The facility was redesignated 
through FPMR Bulletin 2003Bl as the HartDoleInouye Federal Center on March 3L 
2003 in honor of three U.S. Senators, Philip Hart, Robert Dole, and Daniel Inouye. 
Department of Defense Defense Logistics Agency; Department of Homeland Security 
Federal Protective Service; GSA Public Buildings Service; Anned Forces Recruiting; 
GSA is proposing life safety upgrades in 15 out of the 21 buildings. The remaining 
buildings are small support structW'es that do not require life safety upgrades. The 
project will replace components of the fire alarm and smoke detection systems, the 
addition of strobes to provide a visible alert to the hearing impaired and upgrades to the 
elevators for firefighter recall. Automatic shutdown will be added to the air handling 
units. Fire separations in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings in the facility will be 
Insert offset folio 1431/15 here EH26FE15.012SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
restored. The project also includes repairs to the existing fire suppression system and 
extension of its coverage to high risk areas that are not cunently protected. Hazardous 
materials that directly impact the project will be abated. 
The facility's fire alarm backbone was modernized in 2009; however, peripheral fire 
afann devices were not replaced and are beyond their useful lives. Most of the devices 
were installed in the mid1990s and are not compliant with current code. There are 
currently no strobes on the notification devices to alert the hearing impaired. Elevators do 
not have firefighter recall and automatic shutdown is Jacking on many air handling units. 
The existing fire doors in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings are inoperable and 
do not provide adequate fire separation as required by code. Fire sprinklers do not extend 
into all critical areas of the facility. Some existing fire sprinklers are failing and 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert offset folio 1431/16 here EH26FE15.013SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
*Included m the FY 2013 Exigent Needs Prospectus PEX00001 approved for 
Prior ProspectusLevel Projects in Building (past l 0 years) 
There arc no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert offset folio 1431/17 here EH26FE15.014SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best f>olution to meet a vulidatcd Government need. 
( \~;r. 6 r{ 'td. . . Approved: ~ )___} ·0···· Administrator, Genet 
Insert offset folio 1431/18 here EH26FE15.015SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMan H4 
475 8.287 4.130 Total 166,521 U70 1,989 39,440 24.051 749 400 806 
Insert offset folio 1431/19 here EH26FE15.016SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMan 114 
DHS National Protection & Programs Directorate fPS 65 65 
*Buildings are suppol't buildi11g that have 110 f./SF, hut It ave RSF. Hoti.y ...• g Plan 
143 . 400709 41943 81,086 . 8,470 65 65 
292 Current Office UR excludes 88,156 usf of office support space. 
Proposed Office UR excludes 87 ,490usf of office support space 
' USF means the pottion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate= total office space available for ofticc personnel. UR calculation excludes office support space USF. 
"Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building oceupants (office, "":d nonoffice personnel). Special Space 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 105,000 rentable square feet of space, including 245 official parking spaces, for the Drug Enforcement Administration currently located at 4560 Viewridge Avenue, San Diego, California, at a proposed total annual cost of $4,124,723 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 214 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 214 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/21 here EH26FE15.017SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI GSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 105,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), currently 
The DEA occupies the entire building under one lease that will expire May 31, 2016. The 
replacement lease will provide continued housing for DBA and will maintain DEA's office and 
overall utilization rates of 103 usable square feet (USF) per person and 214 usf per person, 
The RSFIUSF at the current location is approximately L 15. However, to maximize competition a RSFIUSF ratio 
of 1.2 is used for the proposed maximum RSF as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent armually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease 
award is made in the best interest of the govermnent. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for armual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 1431/22 here EH26FE15.018SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Congress created the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) Program in 1988 to 
provide assistance to law enforcement agencies in areas detennined to be critical drugtrafficking 
regions in the United States. The Drug Enforcement Administration plays a critical role in 
assisting the state and local govennnent gather intelligence and coordinate law enforcement 
strategies to reduce the supply of illegal drugs in the United States. The San Diego field office 
agents gather intelligence, execute on the intelligence in the field, and provide input for legal 
cases against offenders. In addition to DEA agents, administrative and support groups also 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1431/23 here EH26FE15.019SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ==S=e__!p_t_e_mb_e_r_2_9...:...., _2_0_1_4 _________ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/24 here EH26FE15.020SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMarch 2014 
[ rnr~e Utilization Rate (UR)' I I Current I Proposed 
Current UR excludes 8,975 usf of conference office supoort space 
Prooosed UR excludes 8,975 usf of conference office snpport space 
'USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space avuilable jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
1USF/Person =housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
'RfU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 114,000 rentable square feet of space, including 14 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons currently located at 500 First Street, NW in Washington, D.C., at a proposed total annual cost of $5,700,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 199 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 199 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/26 here EH26FE15.021SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 
114,000 rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the Department of Justice, Bureau 
of Prisons (BOP) currently located at 500 First Street, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for BOP and will improve BOP's 
office and overall utilization rates from 133 to 117 usable square feet (USF) per person 
and 229 to 199 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the 
replacement lease will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 12 
percent, a 15,035 RSF reduction from BOP's current occupancy. 
1Thls estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to acconnt for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease to ensure that the lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. The lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1431/27 here EH26FE15.022SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
BOP's mission is to protect society by confining offenders in the controlled environments 
of prisons and communitybased facilities that are safe, humane, costefficient, and 
appropriately secure; that provide work and other selfimprovement opportunities to 
The current lease at 500 First Street NW expires July 31, 2016, and BOP has a continued 
need for space. In an effort to reduce its space footprint and increase its space utilization 
efficiency, the proposed lease will reduce BOP's current space by 15,035 RSF of its 
current 129,035 RSF at 500 First Street, NW. In the absence of this reduction, the status 
quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $6,451,750 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus, will· 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that wiH yield the 
GSA will execute interim leasing actions as necessary to ensure continued housing of the 
tenant agency prior to the effective date of the proposed lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1431/28 here EH26FE15.023SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ s_e':::p""te=m:b_e_r _2 __ 9_, _2_0_1_4 ______ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/29 here EH26FE15.024SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEAprH2014 
I I Current Proposed r Rate I 133J 117 
Current VR excludes 17,913 usf of office support space 
Proposed VR excludes 15,708 usf of offtee support space 
r RIU Factor I Total USF 1 RSF!USF I Current I 109,1981 LlB 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and t'tunUibings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
1 Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3 USF/Person "'.housing plan total USF divided by total personneL 
• R!U Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 217,000 rentable square feet of space, including 2 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice currently located at 1100 L Street, NW and 20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW in Washington, D.C., at a proposed total annual cost of $10,850,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/31 here EH26FE15.025SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 217,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) currently 
located at 1100 L Street, NW, and 20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for DOJ and will improve DOJ office and 
overall utilization rates from 160 to 130 usable square feet (USF) per person and 292 to 240 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 15 percent, a 38,972 RSF reduction 
accomplished as a lessorfurojshed service, under an operating agreement with the lessor, or as part of the 
2 This estimate is for ftscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent mmually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully servicedincluding all operating expenseswhether 
paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market 
rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to 
ensure that the lease award is in the best interest of the Government. The lease award shall not exceed the 
Insert offset folio 1431/32 here EH26FE15.026SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
In order to acquire space that will meet DOJ's requirements, GSA may issue a single, multiple 
award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks of space to meet the requirements in 
whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by 
The current leases at 1100 L Street NW and 20 Massachusetts NW expire May 19, 2016, and 
October 22, 2016, respectively, which would leave DOJ without housing. Also, DOJ wants to 
take the opportunity presented by this proposed lease action to reduce its space footprint and 
increase its space use efficiency. The proposed lease will reduce DOJ's space by 38,972 RSF or 
15.2 percent of its current 255,972 RSF of leased space. In the absence of this reduction, the 
status quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $12,798,600 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed the minimum requirements in the procurement and to achieve an 
3New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 1431/33 here EH26FE15.027SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Resolutions approving this prospectus were adopted by the House Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. They will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the proposed lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _____ Se'p't_e_m_b_er_2_9_,_2_01_4 ______ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/34 here EH26FE15.028SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril2014 
C\II'I'mt UR ey;cludes 33,968 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 27,573 usf of office support space 548 
"··~~40J! . ... _.J.~J 1 ... ···~ (il,3_1(i 219,327 Personnel 
'USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to tbe occupants of the building" 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USF/Pernon =housing plan total USF divided by total personneL 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 382,000 rentable square feet of space, including 15 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice currently located at 555 4th Street, NW and 501 3rd Street, NW in Washington, D.C., at a proposed total annual cost of $19,100,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/36 here EH26FE15.029SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 382,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) currently located at 555 41h 
Street, NW, and 501 3rd Street, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for DOJ and improve DOJ office and 
overall utilization rates from 166 to 130 usable square feet (USF) per person and 290 to 240 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 8 percent, a 33,684 RSF reduction from 
accomplished as a lessorfurnished service, under an operating agreement with the lessor, or as part of the 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid 
by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental 
rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure 
that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental 
Insert offset folio 1431/37 here EH26FE15.030SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
In order to maximize flexibility to acquire space that will house DOJ and meet their 
provide blocks of space to meet the requirements in whole or in part. A multiple building 
solution must house DOJ in geographically proximate locations. All offers must provide space 
consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
The current leases at 555 4th Street, NW, and 501 3rd Street, NW, expire December 31, 2017, and 
June 1, 2019, respectively, and DOJ requires continued housing to carry out its mission. The 
total space requested will reduce DOJ's footprint by 33,684 RSF or 8.1 percent of the 415,684 
RSF currently occupied. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued 
occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $20,784,200 per year. 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 1431/38 here EH26FE15.031SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus wi11 constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ se=p:_t_e_m_b_er_2_9_,_z __ Ol_4 _______ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/39 here EH26FE15.032SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSESeptember 2014 
JCB 555 4th Street NW I 148 I 148 
Current UR excludes 60,223 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 47,263 usf of office support space 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the ~lding. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than l 0 people 
3USF/Person ~housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total I 324 1.:\24 PDC03WAlS Washington, DC, 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for lease extensions of up to 168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism Task Force currently located at 85 10th Avenue in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of $13,776,000 for a lease term of up to 5 years, a prospectus, as amended by this resolution, for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/41 here EH26FE15.033SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes lease extensions of up to five years for 
168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism 
Task Force (FBI) currently located at 85 101h Avenue in New York, NY. FBI has occupied space 
in the building since 2005 under two leases that will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. The 
longterm plan is to relocate FBI from 85 Tenth Avenue to governmentowned space; a lease 
extension is needed as space is vacated and readied at the Governmentowned location. GSA will 
attempt to secure flexibility and the right to terminate the entire lease periodically within the five 
Extension of the current leases will enable FBI to provide continued housing for its personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its current office utilization rate 
of 148 USF per person and its overall utilization rate of 218 USF per person. 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by! .9 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease 
extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and operating 
Insert offset folio 1431/42 here EH26FE15.034SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The leases at 85 101h Avenue wi11 expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. FBI requires continued 
out its mission until it can relocate its personnel and operations 
to governmentowned space. A fiveyear lease extension is needed to protect occupancy until 
such time as space is vacated and readied for FBI at a governmentowned facility. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the extension. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ___ s_e_p_te_m_b_e_r_29_,_2_0_1_4 __________ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/43 here EH26FE15.035SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril 2014 Housing Plan 
Cum:nt UR ell eludes 22,612 us f of office support space 
Proposed UR ellcludcs 22,612 usf of office support space 542 542 
RfU Factor• I Total USF I RSFIUSFf Mall RSF I 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation ex.cludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
4RIU Factor= Mall RSF divided by total USF 542 542 Total 542 542 PROPOSED PNY 02NYlS 
601 WEST 26TH STREET , NEW YORK , NY 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease extension of up to 79,792 rentable square feet of space, including 84 official parking spaces, for the Federal Bureau of Investigation currently located at 601 West 26th Street in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of $5,346,064 for a lease term of up to 3 years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/45 here EH26FE15.036SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a shortterm lease extension of up to 
79,792 rentable square feet for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), currently located at 
601 West 26th Street, New York, NY (Starret Lehigh Building). The lease includes 84 structured 
parking spaces, radio maintenance facility, automotive maintenance facility, and ancillary office 
space for the FBI. FBI has occupied space in the Starret Lehigh building since November 1, 
1993, under a single lease that will expire October 31, 2014. FBI has a longterm plan to 
relocate to another leased location in the Bronx, and currently is reviewing proposals of existing 
GSA is seeking a threeyear lease extension to allow FBI to remain in place while providing 
enough time to award a longterm lease that is expected to be below the prospectus threshold. 
Extension of the current lease will enable FBI to provide continued housing for current personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its current office utilization rate of 
156 USF per person. An overall utilization rate is not applicable, since almost 94 percent of the 
space leased is light industrial space used for automotive and radio maintenance. GSA will 
attempt to negotiate termination rights into the lease agreement to accommodate the longer term 
111ris estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 1.7 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for negotiating this lease extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the 
government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
Insert offset folio 1431/46 here EH26FE15.037SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Current Total Annual Cost: $ 3, 449,920 (lease effective 11/01/1993) 
The current lease for space at 601 West 26th Street will expire October 31, 2014. FBI requires 
continued housing at this location to carry out its mission until it can relocate its personnel to a 
new location in the Bronx market area. FBI has a longterm plan in place to relocate its existing 
operations at this location. The lease procurement for the relocation is in process) however, the 
procurement is projected to exceed the duration of the current lease. Prospectus approval is 
required to extend this lease and protect the occupancy until such time that a new lease can be 
awarded and FBI can relocate to the new location. It is anticipated that the cost to the 
Government will be substantially reduced after relocation to a more economically favorable real 
GSA will attempt to secure a shortlease term, including the right to terminate the entire lease 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus .will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1431/47 here EH26FE15.038SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ S_e"pt=e=m=b;::e_r_2_9~._20_1_4 ______ ~Approved: _____ =~o:mm=issi·o_r_,"'Pu1ic_B_u_~_lding=sSice _________ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/48 here EH26FE15.039SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril2614 Lo~tions Persoooel 
Current UR excludes 1100 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes ll 00 usf of office support space 
5000 . 74,792 ·12::22!.'1~ .. ~ Max RSF I 
79,192 79,7921USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USP/Person"' housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. Not applicable since 94 percent of the space is used for automotive and radio maintenance. 
4RIU Factor"" Max RSF divided by total USF PROPOSED Usable Square Feet (USF) 
LEASE —U.S. PROBATION OFFICE & U .S. PRETRIAL SERVICES OFFICE , 233 BROADWAY , NEW 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease extension of up to 112,392 rentable square feet of space for the U.S. Probation Office and the U.S. Pretrial Services Office currently located at 233 Broadway in New York, New York, at a proposed total annual cost of $5,394,816 for a lease term of up to 2 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 379 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 379 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/50 here EH26FE15.040SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a shortterm lease extension of up to 
112,392 rentable square feet of space for the U.S. Probation Office and the U.S. Pretrial Services 
Office (Probation and Pretrial Services), currently located at 233 Broadway (Woolworth 
Building), New York, NY. They have occupied space in the Woolworth Building since 
November 1, 2005, under a single lease that will expire October 31, 2015. Both offices are 
planned to relocate to the Daniel P. Moynihan U.S. Courthouse in Manhattan, NY. Funding for 
this relocation/backfill and buildout of space at the Moynihan USCH has been secured by GSA. 
GSA is seeking a 2year lease extension to provide sufficient time to synchronize the completion 
ofthe buildout of the new space and the relocation of Probation and Pretrial Services. GSA will 
attempt to negotiate a flexible lease term with early termination rights to mitigate vacancy risk 
Extension of the current lease will enable Probation and the Pretrial Services to provide 
continued housing for their current personnel and meet their current mission requirements. 
They will maintain their current office utilization rate of 261 USF per person and overall 
Insert offset folio 1431/51 here EH26FE15.041SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The current lease at 233 Broadway will expire on October 31, 2015, and Probation and Pretrial 
Services require continued housing at this location to carry out their missions until they can 
relocate their personnel to the Daniel P. Moynihan U.S. Courthouse. The plan for the relocation 
is in process, and GSA has obtained funding to build out the office space in the Moynihan 
USCH. The process, however, is projected to exceed the duration of the current lease. 
Therefore, prospectus approval is required to extend this lease and protect the occupancy until 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agencies prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 1.7 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease 
extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
2 Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and operating 
Insert offset folio 1431/52 here EH26FE15.042SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ~S::=ep_t"e:m_b_er_2_9_, _z_o_I_4 _________ _ 
Insert offset folio 1431/53 here EH26FE15.043SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril2014 Housing Phm 
CW'tent UR excludes t 4,713 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 14,713 usf of office support space 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's persoooel and furoishings and space available jointly to the occupants of !.be building. 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with 1ess than 10 people 
3USF!Person = housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
'RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF 66,878 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 92,500 rentable square feet of space, including 21 official parking spaces, for the Internal Revenue Service currently located at the San Patricio Office Center at 7 Tabonuco Street in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, at a proposed total annual cost of $4,625,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 146 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 146 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/55 here EH26FE15.044SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI GSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 92,500 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), currently located at 
the San Patricio Office Center, at 7 Tabonuco Street, Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, under a lease 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for IRS and will improve office and 
overall utilization rates from 87 to 64 usable square feet (USF) per person and 160 to 146 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by approximately 10 percent, a 10,201 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 1431/56 here EH26FE15.045SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
IRS is currently located at the San Patricio Office Center in Guaynabo and the ability of its 
personnel to operate efficiently is hindered by the distribution of work functions over several 
floors. As a result, IRS would like to consolidate its operations by reducing its space 
requirements by 10,201 rentable square feet. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost 
of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $5,135,050 per year. A new 
consolidated location will provide IRS with efficient space to meet its current requirements as 
well as their longterm housing needs in the San Juan/Guaynabo area. 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1431/57 here EH26FE15.046SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1431/58 here EH26FE15.047SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril:l014 
Current UR excludes 12,860 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 9,245 usf of office support space 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
4RIU Facror"" Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 229,000 rentable square feet of space, including 40 official parking spaces, for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency currently located at 1445 Ross Street in Dallas, Texas, at a proposed total annual cost of $6,412,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 188 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 188 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1431/60 here EH26FE15.048SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE1 GSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 
229,000 rentable square feet (RSF) for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for EPA and will improve EPA's 
office and overall utilization rates from 153 to 1 02 usable square feet (US F) per person 
and 226 to 188 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the 
replacement lease will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 12 
percent, a 30,432 RSF reduction from EPA's current occupancy. 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
~ew leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
3 The current lease includes 13,215 rentable square feet of space that was vacated by EPA in 2010. The 
the rent associated with the vacancy. The entire lease is 272,647 rentable 
Insert offset folio 1431/61 here EH26FE15.049SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house EPA, GSA may issue a 
single, multiple award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks of space able 
to meet the requirements in whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent 
EPA has developed a program of requirements for replacement space to house its Region 
6 Headquarters in Dallas, Texas. The proposed requirements utilize new space standards 
developed to improve space efficiency and employee productivity and will reduce EPA's 
footprint by 30,432 RSF. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of 
continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $7,264,096 per year. 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that wiJI yield the 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best 
interest of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1431/62 here EH26FE15.050SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1431/63 here EH26FE15.051SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril2014 
RULES OF THE HOUSE PERMANENT SELECT COM MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR THE 114TH CON GRESS  
Regular Meeting Day for the Full Committee. The regular meeting day of the Committee for the transaction of Committee business shall be the first Thursday of each month, unless otherwise directed by the Chair. 
Ranking Minority Member, determines there is good cause; or 
as directed by the Chair, shall brief members of the Committee at a time sufficiently prior to any Committee meeting in order to: 
a member, include a list of all pertinent papers and such other materials that have been obtained by the Committee that bear on matters to be considered at the meeting; and 
thereof for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, or any 
hearing or portion thereof shall be closed to the public if the Committee determines by record vote in open session, with a majority of the Committee present, that disclosure of the matters to be discussed may: 
is being considered by the Committee, members shall provide the Chief Clerk in a timely manner with a sufficient number of written copies of any amendment offered, so as to enable each member present to receive a copy thereof prior to taking action. A point of order may be made against any amendment not reduced to writing. A copy of each such amendment shall be maintained in the public records of the Committee. 
Committee reports any measure or matter by record vote, the report of the Committee upon such measure or matter shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of, and the votes cast in opposition to, such measure or matter. 
legislation and oversight of programs and policies as the Committee may direct. 
that the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the full Committee do not choose to sit as regular voting members of one or more of the subcommittees, each is authorized to sit as an ex officio member of the subcommittees and participate in the work of the subcommittees. When sitting ex officio , however, 
Upon the determination that a witness shall testify under oath or affirmation, any member of the Committee designated by the Chair may administer the oath or affirmation. 
been closed because the subject to be discussed deals with classified information, counsel accompanying a witness before the Committee must possess the requisite security clearance and provide proof of such clearance to the Committee at least 24 hours prior to the meeting at which the counsel intends to be present. 
who is unable to obtain counsel should notify the Committee. If such notification occurs at least 24 hours prior to the witness’ 
appearance before the Committee, the Committee shall then endeavor to obtain voluntary counsel for the witness. Failure to obtain counsel, however, will not excuse the witness from appearing and testifying. 
Chair may remove counsel during any proceeding before the Committee for failure to act in an ethical and professional manner. 
members of the Committee may vote to overturn the decision of the Chair to remove counsel for a witness. 
Committee that counsel wishes propounded to a witness; or 
(iii) May suggest, in writing to the Committee, the presentation of other evidence or the calling of other witnesses. 
any such questions, or suggestions, as the Committee deems appropriate. 
exceed five minutes in length, unless otherwise determined by the Chair. 
submitted no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’ appearance before the Committee and shall be submitted in written and electronic format. 
called with less than 24 hours notice, written statements should be submitted as soon as practicable prior to the hearing. 
witness, or counsel for the witness, shall be ruled upon by the Chair, and such ruling shall be the ruling of the Committee. 
Chair may be overturned upon a majority vote of the Committee. 
be made of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during any hearing of the Committee. 
testifying before the Committee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to inspect the transcript of the hearing, and may be accompanied by counsel to determine whether such testimony was correctly transcribed. Such counsel: 
she has the appropriate security clearances necessary to review any classified aspect of the transcript; and 
Rules, any corrections the witness desires to make in a transcript shall be limited to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections. 
writing to the Committee within 7 days after the transcript is made available to the witnesses. 
the witness, any portion of the witness’ testimony given in executive session shall be made available to that witness if that testimony is subsequently quoted or intended to be made part of a public record. Such testimony shall be made available to the witness at the witness’ expense. 
requests to testify on any matter or measure pending before the Committee. 
may take those actions it deems appropriate with respect to such requests. 
members of the Committee of a meeting to be held to consider any such contempt recommendations; 
scheduled to be heard by the Committee, the name of that witness shall not be released publicly prior to, or after, the witness’ appearance before the Committee. 
shall have attached thereto a copy of these rules. 
rules, ‘‘Committee Staff’ or ‘‘Staff of the Committee’’ means: 
or otherwise, to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. 
of employment for prospective Committee Staff positions shall be contingent upon: 
by these rules and the Rules of the House of Representatives, members of the Committee and Committee Staff shall not at any time, either during that person’s tenure as a member of the Committee or as Committee Staff, or anytime thereafter, discuss or disclose, or cause to be discussed or disclosed: 
closed to the public pursuant to these rules or the Rules of the House. 
Committee Staff shall not discuss either the substance or procedure of the work of the 
the Committee or the Committee Staff in connection with any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, either during the person’s tenure as a member of the Committee, or of the Committee Staff, or at any time thereafter, except as directed by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
Committee, members and Committee Staff shall be governed in these matters in a manner determined by the House concerning discussions of the classified work of the Committee. 
Committee on Intelligence designated by the chair of that committee; 
members of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and staff of those committees designated by the chairmen of those committees; and, 
the Ranking Minority Member, upon the written request to the Chair from the Inspector General of an element of the Intelligence Community, grant access to Committee transcripts or documents that are relevant to an investigation of an allegation of possible false testimony or other inappropriate conduct before the Committee, or that are otherwise relevant to the Inspector General’s investigation. 
an Intelligence Community element, the Chair may, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, make available Committee briefing or hearing transcripts to that element for review by that element if a representative of that element testified, presented information to the Committee, or was present at the briefing or hearing the transcript of which is requested for review. 
records or notes taken by any person memorializing material otherwise prohibited from 
disclosure by members of the Committee and Committee Staff under these rules, including information received in executive session and the substance of any hearing or briefing that was closed to the public, shall remain Committee material subject to these rules and may not be publicly discussed, disclosed, or caused to be publicly discussed or disclosed, unless authorized by the Committee consistent with these rules. 
before joining the Committee Staff agree in writing, as a condition of employment, not to divulge or cause to be divulged any classified information which comes into such person’s possession while a member of the Committee Staff, to any person not a member of the Committee or the Committee Staff, except as authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these Rules. 
termination of the Committee, members and Committee Staff must follow any determination by the House of Representatives with respect to the protection of classified information received while a member of the Committee or as Committee Staff. 
response to any such request for testimony, any such classified information, except as authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
Committee, Committee Staff will be subject to any determination made by the House of Representatives with respect to any requests for testimony involving classified information received while a member of the Committee Staff 
For purposes of receiving classified information, the Committee Staff is authorized to accept information on behalf of the Committee. 
provided to the Committee by the executive branch, if provided in whole or in part for the purpose of review by members who are not members of the Committee, shall be received or held by the Committee on a nonexclusive basis. Classified information provided to the Committee shall be considered to have been provided on an exclusive basis unless the executive branch provides a specific, written statement to the contrary. 
the case of materials received on a nonexclusive basis, the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may grant 
At least one U.S. Capitol Police officer shall be on duty at all times outside the entrance to Committee offices to control entry of all persons to such offices. 
Classified documents shall be segregated and maintained in approved security storage locations. 
Classified documents in the Committee’s possession shall be examined in an appropriately secure manner. 
Materials. Removal of any classified document from the Committee’s offices is strictly prohibited, except as provided by these rules. 
Members. All members of the Committee shall at all times have access to all classified papers and other material received by the Committee from any source. 
access to any classified information provided to the Committee on a strict ‘‘needto know’’ basis, as determined by the Committee, and under the Committee’s direction by the Staff Director. 
Committee, or the Committee Staff, shall have access to classified information, the following oath shall be executed: 
‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose or cause to be disclosed any classified information received in the course of my service on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, except when authorized to do so by the Committee or the House of Representatives.’’ 
shall be retained in the files of the Committee. 
available to all members of the Committee and Committee Staff. 
or the confidential conduct of the foreign relations of the United States of the information sought; 
otherwise, as may affect the public interest of the United States. 
of the member’s request, the Committee may take any action it deems appropriate under the circumstances, including but not limited to: 
material in a different form than that sought by the member; or 
classified information provided to the member, pursuant to this subsection, to any person not a member of the Committee or the Committee Staff, except as otherwise authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
three Members of the Subcommittee to be eligible for admission in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, of whom not more than two may be from the same political party. Such designation shall be effective for the entire Congress. 
whether to admit designated Members at each hearing or briefing of the Committee involving discussions of classified material. If the Chair admits any of the designated Members to a particular hearing or briefing, all three of the designated Members shall be admitted to that hearing or briefing. Designated Members shall not be counted for quorum purposes and shall not have a vote in any meeting. 
given access to classified information pursuant to this subsection, a designated Member shall: 
oath executed by such Member pursuant to House Rule XXIII, clause 13; and 
classified information provided to the Member pursuant to this subsection to any person not a Member of the Committee or a designated Member or authorized Staff of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations, except as otherwise authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
whether to admit the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services at each hearing or briefing of the Committee. If the Chair admits either the Chair or Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, both the Chair and Ranking Member shall be admitted to that hearing or briefing. The Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services shall not be counted for quorum purposes and shall not have a vote in any meeting. 
given access to classified information pursuant to this subsection, the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services shall: 
oath executed by such member pursuant to House Rule XXIII, clause 13; and 
classified or executive session information provided to the member pursuant to this subsection to any person not a member of the Committee or authorized staff of the Committee on Armed Services except as otherwise authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
the request of any member of the Committee to call to the attention of the House, or any other committee, executive session material in the Committee’s possession, the Committee shall meet at the earliest practicable opportunity to consider that request. 
The Committee shall consider the following factors, among any others it deems appropriate: 
the national defense or the foreign relations of the United States; 
matters within the jurisdiction of another Committee of the House. 
Materials. Before the Committee makes any decision regarding any request for access to any classified information in its possession, or a proposal to bring any matter to the attention of the House or another committee, members of the Committee shall have a reasonable opportunity to examine all pertinent testimony, documents, or other materials in the Committee’s possession that may inform their decision on the question. 
of the House (with time equally divided between the Majority and the Minority); or 
Methods. In bringing a matter to the attention of the House, or another committee, the Committee, with due regard for the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall take all necessary steps to safeguard materials or information relating to the matter in question. 
Committees. The Committee, having determined that a matter shall be brought to the attention of another committee, shall ensure that such matter, including all classified information related to that matter, is promptly made available to the chair and ranking minority member of such other committee. 
Security and Registry for the Committee shall provide a copy of these rules, and the applicable portions of the Rules of the House of Representatives governing the handling of classified information, along with those materials determined by the Committee to be made available to such other committee of the House or nonCommittee member. 
The Staff Director is further empowered to provide for such additional measures, which he or she deems necessary, to protect such classified information authorized by the Committee to be provided to such other committee or nonCommittee member. 
event that the Committee authorizes the disclosure of classified information provided to the Committee by an agency of the executive branch to a nonCommittee member or to another committee, the Chair may notify the providing agency of the Committee’s action prior to the transmission of such classified information. 
direction of the Staff Director, shall maintain a printed calendar that lists: 
shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. 
The Chair shall maintain an official Committee web site for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. 
Rule XI, the Chair is authorized and directed to offer a privileged motion to go to conference under clause 1 of House Rule XXII whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
members and Committee Staff to travel on Committee business. 
authorization for such travel shall state the purpose and length of the trip, and shall submit such request directly to the Chair. 
Staff requesting authorization for such travel shall state the purpose and length of the trip, and shall submit such request through their supervisors to the Staff Director and the Chair. 
all foreign travel of Committee Staff not accompanying a member. 
prior to the commencement of such travel, of its length, nature, and purpose. 
beyond the control of the Committee Staff hindering compliance with such requirements. 
full Committee, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may take such immediate disciplinary actions deemed necessary. 
Whenever any hearing or meeting conducted by the Committee is open to the public, a majority of the Committee may permit that hearing or meeting to be covered, in whole or in part, by television broadcast, radio broadcast, and still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, subject to the provisions and in accordance with the spirit of the purposes enumerated in the Rules of the House. 
notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to the Rules of the House of Representatives, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the full Committee for a determination of the question of public availability on the written request of any member of the Committee. 
in writing, of the proposed change shall be given to each member at least 48 hours prior to any meeting at which action on the proposed rule change is to be taken. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, February 27, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
568. A letter from the Chairman and President, ExportImport Bank, transmitting a report on a transaction involving U.S. exports to Turk Hava Yollari, A.O. (Turkish 
Management, Department of Energy, transmitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105270), the Department’s FY 2013 Inherently Governmental Commercial Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Management, Department of Energy, transmitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105270), the Department’s FY 2012 Inherently Governmental Commercial Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Resolution Funding Corporation, transmitting in accordance with the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, the Corporation’s Statement on the System of Internal Controls and the 2014 Audited Financial Statements; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Bradenton Area Riverwalk Regatta; Manatee 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30998; 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 749. A bill to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–30). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 129. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–31). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1093. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out a pilot program to work with municipalities that are seeking to develop and implement integrated plans to meet their wastewater and stormwater obligations under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the President to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Navy Seal Christopher Scott Kyle for acts of valor during Operation Iraqi Freedom; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
NORTON , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York): 
H.R. 1095. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to use only humanbased methods for training members of the Armed Forces in the treatment of severe combat injuries; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Mr. ROGERSof Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
H.R. 1096. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to clarify the distance requirements regarding the eligibility of certain veterans to receive medical care and services from nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit trading on material inside information; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
BONAMICI , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit mandatory predispute arbitration agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Bird Treaty Act to provide certain exemptions relating to the taking of migratory game birds; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. J ONES , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H ECK of 
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
DELBENE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
SARBANES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. C APPS , 
BUSTOS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. F ARR, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E LLISON, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C ASTROof Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
New York, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. B ARR, and 
H.R. 1100. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
HONDA , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Health Service Act to revise and extend the program for viral hepatitis surveillance, education, and testing in order to prevent deaths from chronic liver disease and liver cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. RANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. R USH, Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. C LEAVER ): 
H.R. 1102. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for assault or homicide committed by certain State or local law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. RUSH): 
H.R. 1103. A bill to create jobs in the 
United States by increasing United States exports to Africa by at least 200 percent in real dollar value within 10 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees 
on Ways and Means, Small Business, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1104. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1105. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generationskipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
POMPEO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M EADOWS, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. R OUZER ): 
H.R. 1106. A bill to amend section 706 of the 
Telecommunications Act of 1996 to provide that such section does not authorize the Federal Communications Commission to preempt the laws of certain States relating to the regulation of municipal broadband, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
AMODEI , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. H UFFMAN , 
California, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. D ENHAM , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 1107. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1108. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt sports betting from the tax on authorized wagers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1109. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to increase the maximum amount of the lumpsum death benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1110. A bill to provide effective criminal prosecutions for certain identity thefts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
of Peacebuilding; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
FINCHER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. K ING 
DUFFY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G UINTA , 
H.R. 1113. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating insured depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1114. A bill to modify the definition of 
‘‘antique firearm’’; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1115. A bill to improve the response to 
missing children and victims of child sex trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1116. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide comprehensive audiology services to Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to authorize grants for graduate medical education partnerships in States with a low ratio of medical residents relative to the general population; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
partners and intermediaries in the planning and delivery of education and related programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of Federal research and development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. HANNA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. M EADOWS): 
H.R. 1120. A bill to enhance interstate commerce by creating a National Hiring Standard for Motor Carriers; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1121. A bill to encourage online workforce training; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of pay and allowances to members of the Armed Forces and Federal law enforcement officers in the event the debt ceiling is reached or there is a funding gap; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Armed Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DEUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
for immigrationrelated fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. CLEAVER ): 
H.R. 1124. A bill to establish a grant program providing for the acquisition, operation, and maintenance of bodyworn cameras for law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1125. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for tax preferred savings accounts for individuals under age 
18, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
MOORE , Ms. E STY, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. N UNES , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): 
H.R. 1126. A bill to provide for free mailing 
privileges for personal correspondence and parcels sent to members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, or other designated hostile fire areas; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1127. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain grants to assist nursing homes for veterans located on tribal lands; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1128. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the information security of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1129. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs an Office of Whistleblower and Patient Protection; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1130. A bill to improve the understanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1131. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , 
H.R. 1132. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
Credit Union Act to exclude extensions of credit made to veterans from the definition of a member business loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1134. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the submission of information by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to Congress; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself, Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. U PTON , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. N OLAN , 
measure to control the spread of aquatic nuisance species from the Mississippi River basin to the Great Lakes basin and to inform longterm measures to prevent the Interbasin transfer of aquatic nuisance species; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
H.R. 1136. A bill to amend title III of the 
Social Security Act to require States to implement a drug testing program for applicants for and recipients of unemployment compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1137. A bill to provide for an 8.7 percent reduction in the annual rate of basic pay for certain employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1138. A bill to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National 
Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TONKO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. 
Product Safety Commission to establish a consumer product safety standard for liquid detergent packets to protect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
PELOSI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Ms. L EE): 
Water Pollution Control Act to establish a grant program to support the restoration of San Francisco Bay; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1141. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post9/11 Educational Assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AULSEN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
KIND, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 1142. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent and expand the temporary minimum credit rate for the lowincome housing tax credit program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1143. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for health insurance costs of certain Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation pension recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1144. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prevent discriminatory misconduct against taxpayers by Federal officers and employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1145. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating appliances for tax credits available for energyefficient building property and energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.J. Res. 35. A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to clarify the authority of Congress and the States to regulate the expenditure of funds for political activity by corporations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
continuing appropriations for the Transportation Security Administration for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
H. Con. Res. 19. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress that tax exempt fraternal benefit societies have historically and continue to provide critical benefits to Americans and United States communities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. WALKER, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
BEATTY , Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
York, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. R USH, Mr. S MITH 
MATSUI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F ATTAH , 
HONDA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of 
EDWARDS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
BECERRA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
significance of the Greensboro Four Sit In; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
1146) for the relief of Simeon Simeonov, Stela Simeonova, Stoyan Simeonov, and Vania Simeonova; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or 
H.R. 1093. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1094. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 1095. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 (Clauses 1, 14, and 18), 
which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; to make rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; and to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. 
H.R. 1096. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1097. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 1098. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1099. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . 
H.R. 1101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1102. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 1103. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, which gives Congress the authority ‘‘to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ 
H.R. 1106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause) If the matter in quetion is not a purely local matter (intrastate) or if it has an impact on interstate commerce, it falls within Congress’ power to ‘‘regulate commerce amng the severl states.’’ 
and Proper Clause) which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Consitutioon of the United satets, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 1109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1111. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. MCGOVERN: 
H.R. 1112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1114. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1115. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1116. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1117. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1118. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 1121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 1122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 1124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
H.R. 1128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
H.R. 1129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
H.R. 1130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
H.R. 1139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Amendment I, Clause 3 of the Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 35. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.J. Res. 36. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. 
H.J. Res. 37. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 109: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 156: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 235: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
LUCAS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mrs. 
H.R. 284: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 303: Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
H.R. 313: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. 
H.R. 333: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
H.R. 358: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 379: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H ANNA , 
H.R. 445: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 539: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. F UDGE , and 
H.R. 546: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 551: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio, and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 624: Mr. H ULTGREN and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 631: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MULLIN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E STY, Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 662: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T URNER, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 706: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 721: Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. B ROOKS of 
JONES , Mr. Emmer of Minnesota, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. R EED, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 749: Mr. H ANNA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.R. 818: Mr. R EEDand Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 823: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. K EATING , and 
H.R. 846: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
H.R. 863: Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 893: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUNTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L ONG, Ms. 
H.R. 919: Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 923: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 932: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 978: Ms. K USTER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
H.R. 997: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 1013: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
WELCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ELA, 
Mr. S ARBANES , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
RUSH, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
COSTA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. N EAL, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 14: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. P AYNE . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
SIMPSON , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
RODGERS . H. Res. 24: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
H. Res. 53: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. D ANNY  
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1127 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2015 No. 33 