now in my hometown of Flint, Michigan, there is a public health crisis. In the 21st century, in a city of 100,000 people, they cannot deliver safe drinking water. They can’t guarantee safe drinking water because of high lead levels. As a result of a decision by a Stateappointed financial receiver, the city now has water that is undrinkable. 
provide relief to my hometown as they struggle with this crisis, to provide relief to the victims and support to that community as it now has to rebuild its water infrastructure. 
forgive the city of its current debt to the Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund, and it should do that immediately. I am pushing for action to do that, and that requires not only the support of the State government but the Federal Government as well. 
health fund to provide monitoring, education in the short term, and assistance in the long term to individuals, especially children, who have been exposed to high levels of lead. 
What is happening in Flint is a failure of government. It cannot be allowed, and the State and Federal Government need to act to help this poor city. 
morning my Governor, Governor Abbott of Texas, sent a letter to President Obama: ‘‘I write to inform you that the State of Texas will not accept any refugees from Syria in the wake of the deadly attacks in Paris.’’ 
quickly behind Secretary Kerry’s announcement that the United States will be taking in an unprecedented number of refugees. 
Last month the Helsinki Commission, of which I am a member, held a hearing. Assistant Secretary of State 
Anne Richards said that refugees were fleeing to Europe because they perceived those borders to be open. 
Madam Speaker, there can be no perception that our borders are open. During my questioning last month, it became clear to me that we do not have the procedures in place to perform adequate and thorough background checks on refugees. 
may be best described as magical thinking. Certainly, it is a fragmented strategy to combat ISIS. 
this morning. We should not be silent on this issue any longer. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
we saw on Friday, as most Americans were perhaps heading home for the weekend, at least 129 innocent civilians were killed by terrorists in Paris. 
Paris concert hall, where a band from Palm Desert, California, was scheduled to play. 
23yearold junior at California State University, Long Beach, was doing a semester abroad and was killed while having dinner with her classmates. 
prayers, our hearts go out to the families of the victims and the people of France. We stand with the French people, just as they stood with us after 9/11 and so many other times in our past, going back to our founding as a nation. 
to use violence and the destruction of innocent lives as a means of spreading a hateful ideology against the world. ISIS must be defeated and destroyed, not contained. 
coming from this administration that global warming is the greatest threat. Indeed. Tell that to the families, the victims of what happened in Paris. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, 
November 13, the world was reminded once again that freedom has its foes when Islamic State militants killed 129 people and injured hundreds more in coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris. 
lost and pray for the people of France as they confront this terrible tragedy, we must let the adversaries of liberty know that champions of freedom will not be stopped. We will not waver, we will not cede strength, and we will stand firm. 
State subgroup appears to show militants praising the Paris attacks and warning that a similar attack could take place in Washington. 
ways in which we can defeat Islamic State, but it is time for President Obama, who told ABC News on Friday that we ‘‘have contained’’ Islamic State, to take seriously this threat to our Nation and all that we stand for. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent in my district who has made a difference in the lives of many students. 
girl in Athens, Georgia, who loved to read but had no books at home to read over the summer vacation. After realizing this little girl was one of many children in this situation, Melaney decided to start Books for Keeps, a nonprofit dedicated to keeping children engaged in reading by giving them books to take home over the summer. In the 6 years since its founding, Books for Keeps has donated 185,000 books to children in 10 schools, and Melaney has 
plans to expand it to 15 more next year. 
have regular access to libraries, especially during the summer vacation. Location and access to transportation pose a difficulty for many, especially lowincome students. 
am sure my wife can attest to the frustration teachers feel when August rolls around and they have to spend precious class time reviewing and catching up before they can move on. 
sends kids off to summer vacation armed with a variety of titles tailored to their interests to entertain and challenge them over the break. We have Melaney Smith from Athens, Georgia, to thank for her initiative to encourage literacy and to inspire students. 
WOODALL ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 22. With best wishes, I am 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 24. 
That the Senate agreed to without amendment H. Con. Res. 92. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 1004. With best wishes, I am 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate disagree to House amendment to Senate amendment to text of the bill H.R. 22. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate passed S. 1203. That the Senate passed with an amendment H. Con. Res. 90. 
That the Senate passed with an amendment. H.R. 2029. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
That the Senate passed S. 2280. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 2262. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 
Today, as all of us extend our condolences of support to the people of France, to the loss of life, to the friends and loved ones and families of those murdered by terrorism, we ask Congress that the administration have the resolve to defeat and deal with the horror that this terrorism has created not only in France, but in other parts of the world, and our condolences and prayers in support of the victims. 
Today is also a day on which we are 
debating a profitdriven monopoly seeking piece of legislation under suspension, H.R. 308, that seeks to make null and void established law, 18 court and administrative decisions, and in a very real way expose the American taxpayers to at least $1 billion in liability. 
That CBO score has been again validated and affirmed in the same analysis that was done for S. 152, the companion legislation in the Senate. This liability is for an economic taking of the Tohono O’odham Nation. 
that we are talking about today for established human interest in the East Valley of Maricopa County in Arizona with us today on suspension? Because it is simply a piece of legislation to eliminate competition, to control the gaming market in the metro Phoenix area. The adages about let the market decide and let the consumers have choice does not apply to this piece of legislation. 
Again, why is H.R. 308 under suspension when very dangerous precedence can be set by H.R. 308 if it were to become law? It eliminates existing law that was passed in 1986. It overturns 18 judicial State and Federal Court decisions and administrative decisions. 
It opens up a $1 billion taxpayer liability and creates a new category of selective sovereignty in terms of land taken into trust as a result of 1986 legislation. It nullifies the tribe’s ability to yield the highest economic development from it. 
law that established a nocompetition zone in that part of Maricopa County in the Phoenix metro area. So why not regular order, where amendments can be discussed and we can have a full debate? 
leads one to the belief that there is a deadline involved here, that Congress must pass H.R. 308, and the President must sign H.R. 308 by December 20, when the Tohono O’odham Casino in the West Valley is scheduled to open. 
Then it quickly passes the Senate. Then it goes to the President, is vetoed, as has been indicated by the administration. It comes back. The House overrides that veto, and the casino can’t open. 
This scenario places H.R. 308 in national significance, above things like security and terrorism, tax extenders that need to come before this Congress, transportation—do we extend for additional time until the conference can come up with one package?—general government funding and appropriations, Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Land and Water Conservation Fund, and the TPP, the trade agreement. 
importance that it overrides other issues, why suspension and why not have a real debate on the issue? 
where is the legislation of the Carcieri fix? Where is the legislation and funding appropriate for the Indian Health Service? Where are the tribal recognition reforms, as recommended by the administration? Where is the funding for BIA schools? Where is legislation to protect sacred sites? Where is governmenttogovernment codification for consultation? Why not deal with these issues? Perhaps the lobbying influence and resources are not present to move these items so quickly to suspension. 
of legislation to protect game and market share in Maricopa County, Arizona, has this Congress’ total attention. It makes one wonder why, but I think we really know why. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Y OUNG and also 
thank Chairman B ISHOP and the leadership of this House for bringing this bill to the floor today. I also want to thank the bipartisan group of cosponsors for their support. I especially want to thank the Members of the Arizona delegation who have been in support of this bill. 
a budgetary impact by Michael Solon, the former senior adviser to the senior leadership; a report from the Council for Citizens Against Government 
Waste; and a letter from the mayors of Arizona regarding this legislation. 
FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO SENATE LEADER SHIP PROVIDES BUDGET ANALYSIS OF H.R. 
Mitch McConnell and Trent Lott, Michael Solon of U.S. Policy Strategies, has analyzed Congressional Budget Office’s (CBO) most recent score of H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act and its companion bill in the Senate, S. 152. 
‘‘the facts strongly support CBO’s past repeated positions that the Keep the Promise Act will have no budgetary impact, and will not increase spending or the deficit.’’ 
budget score of H.R. 308, stating that they had ‘‘no basis for estimating’’ any potential cost from any future litigation. Yet, Mr. Solon notes that previous CBO analyses of virtually identical legislation found no significant impact on the federal budget: ‘‘As recently as September 2013, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found that the Keep the Promise Act upholding the Arizona TribalState Gaming Compact ‘would have no significant impact on the federal budget’ and ‘would not affect direct spending or revenues.’ 
CBO report using the identical term of ‘‘no significant impact on the federal budget’’ in its assessment.’’ 
specific facts of the case make a significant monetary judgment extremely unlikely: ‘‘A full analysis of the legal and factual background strongly supports CBO’s original conclusion of no budget impact. Under current law, there are tremendous hurdles that the tribe would have to overcome in order to expand gambling operations beyond the limits jointly established by the state government, all the Tribes, and voters through compacts, state laws and referendum. Even if one assumed they would be successful absent the Keep the Promise Act, the chances of obtaining a significant monetary judgment against the government is extremely low, in particular because other economic uses of the property would not be barred.’’ 
to inform policymakers of information that introduces uncertainty in its cost estimates, in this particular case the facts strongly support the repeated previous positions of the CBO that the Keep the Promise Act will have no budgetary impact, and will not increase spending or the deficit.’’ 
version of the Keep the Promise Act adds that it ‘‘would not increase direct spending or onbudget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10year periods beginning in 2026.’’ 
strategies. He spent two decades on Capitol Hill. In addition to Senators McConnell and Lott, he also worked for Senator Phil Gramm, and Congressman Dick Armey. 
A copy of the report is available upon request. 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Representatives will consider H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act of 2015, introduced by Rep. Trent Franks (R–Ariz.) on January 13, 2015. 
The Council for Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW) is aware of the legislative history of this bill, to include similar 
However, CBO has failed to provide a definitive score for H.R. 308, due to a virtually unprecedented factor: the risk of potential litigation. Of particular concern, CCAGW understands that CBO may have been pressured by opponents of the legislation to inject uncertainty into the final score. Regardless of the merits of the underlying legislation, CCAGW finds these circumstances to be troublesome. Furthermore, CCAGW understands that, when asked to use litigation risk as a scoring factor for other legislation, CBO indicated that such an approach was inconsistent with their established procedures. 
of the underlying legislation, CCAGW believes that, in the absence of a definitive score for this bill and given the precedent of two previous estimates that indicated ‘‘no significant impact’’ of virtually identical legislation, thus rendering CBO’s latest scoring statement an outlier, passage of H.R. 308 should not reasonably be considered to increase spending. 
Office of the Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , 
As the elected leaders of towns and cities in the State of Arizona, we are writing to you to convey our support for H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act of 2015, and urge you to pass this bill as soon as possible. 
In 2002, the people of Arizona voted to approve a tribalstate compact, which, among other things, prohibited additional casinos from being built in the Phoenix area through 2027. In exchange for this prohibition, tribes were granted the exclusive authority to conduct gaming within the state. H.R. 308 simply preserves and codifies the will of the Arizona people. 
For us, this issue is about more than public policy. It is about preserving the integrity of our communities by keeping casinos from opening across the street from our schools, churches, and homes. It’s also about maintaining the trust and integrity that was forged over a decade ago between tribes and our governments. 
17 Arizona tribes testified to the State Senate that the tribalstate gaming compact would not permit the construction of additional casinos in the Phoenix area beyond the number that existed at the time. 
This promise—that there would be ‘‘no additional casinos in the Phoenix metropolitan area’’—had the full and complete backing of the Tohono O’odham Nation and other tribes and was widely publicized to Arizona voters who were asked to approve the compact in a statewide referendum. Now, the Tohono O’odham Nation is building a new casino near Phoenix, in direct opposition to the promises it made, and which voters relied on when they went to the polls. 
land across the street from a high school and is building a Las Vegas style casino 100 miles 
from its primary reservation. This is not what the Arizona voters and other tribes intended when they approved the Statetribal gaming compacts. And, more importantly, it is contrary to the statements that Tohono O’odham made to persuade the voters of Arizona to support tribal exclusivity for gaming in Arizona. 
of the Governor, the State Legislature, numerous tribal governments, and almost the entire Arizona congressional delegation. Congress is the only entity that can address this issue. We ask that you move quickly to enact this legislation. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act, seeks to prevent Las Vegasstyle gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area until the gaming compact, to which the Arizona tribes agreed and the Arizona voters approved, expires in 2027. 
build a major casino on lands that were deceptively purchased in the Phoenix metropolitan area at the very time that they were in negotiations with other tribes in the State to craft this gaming compact duly passed by the voters. 
public commitments that this particular tribe made between 2000 and 2002 to the other 16 Indian tribes in the State of Arizona and also to the State voters of Arizona. 
supported by the passage of Proposition 202, this compact, a State referendum to limit casino gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area. All parties knew what we were agreeing to, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan cosponsors of H.R. 308 are simply trying to hold all the parties to their publicly stated commitment to the people of Arizona not to engage in gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area. 
Congress does have a role in supervising tribal gaming. Congress has a longestablished history of regulating, managing, and working with the tribes relative to tribal trust land. Most astonishing, Mr. Speaker, is the 
opposition’s argument that the courts have ‘‘upheld’’ the tribe’s right to operate a casino on that parcel of land. Indeed, the court raised serious questions about the tribe’s misconduct, but dismissed the litigation under the doctrine of sovereign immunity. This is not a ruling on the merits in favor or against any side, Mr. Speaker. It simply means the court could not or would not issue a ruling. 
This bill passed the House twice before and it had a zero CBO score. In CBO’s analysis of this exact bill last Congress, they acknowledged the uncertainty of future legal challenges, but did not score those. This is the standard practice. Today any ruling by them to the contrary is a precedent and sets the CBO up for being politically impacted in the future, politically driven in the future. 
scored an addition to the exact same bill this Congress of zero dollars to $1 billion. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker. The CBO added a score now to this same bill from zero last time to now zero to $1 billion. 
do that in an unprecedented way while admitting it had no basis to issue any conjecture about a possible lawsuit resulting from the passage of this bill. 
litigation. The CBO has never scored potential litigation on other bills. This score should be ignored as useless and harmful if allowed as a precedent, Mr. Speaker. 
ability to have any lands taken into trust, nor does it impact any water or land claims. Consistent with the intent of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act and Proposition 202, this bill merely restricts the ability of tribes to game on 
the very lands on which they themselves agreed they would not game. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that my colleagues join with me today and the Members of Arizona’s delegation supporting this bill. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
today to stand with thousands of community voices and jobs in opposition to H.R. 308. 
This legislation not only shortchanges our commitments to our tribal brothers and sisters, but it will do so at exorbitant costs to taxpayers according to the Congressional Budget Office. 
project has been an immense and welcome addition to communities across Phoenix and beyond. Once fully completed, the project will employ 3,000 people and support their families, jobs we need in our community as we continue to reel as one of the hardest hit areas in the Nation from the Great Recession. 
of this project both within Arizona and nationally. 1,300 construction workers are currently under contract, and those 1,300 jobs are just the beginning. 
than the job fair the tribe recently held on September 28. It drew over 3,000 applicants from the community, 400 of whom were hired on the spot. That number will rise to 500 employees when phase one of the project opens in December, and it will eventually climb to 3,000 fulltime employees when the project is completed and staffed. These are new, permanent, goodpaying jobs that are badly needed in the West Valley. This bill will unnecessarily put these hardworking men and women out of work while costing American taxpayers as much as $1 billion. 
Mr. Speaker, our community supports these jobs and this project. We cannot afford to play politics when it comes to the bottom lines of our families and of our local economies. 
local jobs and join me in opposing this jobkilling legislation. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), one who has been 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, for several years, I have 
been actively involved in a troubling, offreservation gaming issue in my home State of Arizona regarding the 
Tohono O’odham Nation. TO has been attempting to open a Las Vegasstyle casino—more than 60 miles from its ancestral lands and reservation in Tucson and in another tribe’s former reservation in the Phoenix metropolitan area—for the sole purpose of gaming. 
This comes after TO and 16 other Arizona tribes adopted a compact, approved by Arizona voters, which expressly promised there would be no additional casinos or gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area until 2027. TO alone spent $1.8 million in urging Arizona voters to rely on this limitation. In exchange for this promise, the voters granted the tribes a statewide monopoly on gaming, and other tribes gave up significant rights. 
Shockingly, a few months after Arizona voters approved Proposition 202, TO finalized a multiyear effort to violate this compact and used a shell organization to purchase land in Glendale for a casino. TO’s dismissal of their promise to build no additional casinos in Phoenix is not something that Congress can ignore when the result will be so harmful to what has been a national model. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to call attention to critical evidence obtained from the litigation discovery in the State of Arizona v. Tohono O’odham Nation. Here are a few of the important quotations from tribal council meeting transcripts and minutes that were included in the underlying discovery: 5–18–01: VDI, a TO chartered and 
owned corporation, included in their meeting notes a description of a presentation delivered by Mark Curry, TO’s lead negotiator in the gaming compact negotiations. The notes reflect ‘‘107th AvenueStadium,’’ ‘‘gaming compact— unsure what will happen,’’ ‘‘put in a shell company—need to keep it quiet, especially when negotiations of compact are at stake.’’ 
Lucy District Council. ‘‘We are also looking at another project . . . based on discussions we had and continue to have about a casino on the west end of Phoenix, and part of that discussion that we’ve had was that—we didn’t want to publicize that because of the confidentiality in terms of that issue . . . and that’s how we’re holding it—as confidential—because we don’t want, you know, people to know we are seriously considering this, because, if you do, I’m sure that there’s going to be a lot of resistance from, you know, the general public.’’ 
8–22–02: VDI meeting transcript discussing the West Phoenix casino project and whether Governor Hull’s successor would also oppose additional Phoenix area casinos. The meeting transcript states: 
the position of the State, that they don’t want any more casinos around the Phoenix area, then they’re going to fight it, whoever the new Governor is, if he’s going to go along—he or she go along with Jane Hull regarding taking a position. 
to wait until the initiative passes before it gets out.’’ 
2–23–03: VDI meeting transcript discussing potential political problems with the proposal: 
‘‘Male voice: I just hope that . . . in 
terms of the political—that’s going be to coming—that some of the metro tribes over there don’t come back and jump on us, too . . . 
Salt River indicate that it’s a violation of Proposition 202—metropolitan area? 
in terms of political impact, is that even—even those metro tribes, particularly those three that are right there, might—might say something.’’ 
claiming a victory in court. Let’s be clear. TO won nothing in court. In fact, the U.S. District Court stated there was evidence that TO made false promises, but, unfortunately, TO’s sovereign immunity barred the court from ruling on this case. In other words, the court ruled that the tribe cannot be sued in court because ‘‘it can’t be sued in court.’’ Any ruling could not consider anything claimed under sovereignty by the tribe, i.e., the tribal minutes, notations in meetings. 
H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act, is necessary. Only Congress has the authority to hold TO accountable for their shameful, deceitful, and criminal 
actions. This was confirmed again by the Supreme Court in 2014 in the case of Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Community, when the Court stated that only Congress can act when a tribe raises sovereign immunity. TO acted immorally and covertly against its fellow tribes, the State, and the general public. We can’t let TO get away with these horrific actions that violate a voterapproved compact and that could upend tribal gaming compacts throughout the Nation. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 308. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Federal agency rulings favoring Tohono O’odham Nation on this issue, and we can dismiss those court decisions by Federal judges—the Ninth Circuit—State judges, administrative hearings with the Interior. We can dismiss them as not meaning anything. Obviously, the state of the law that was passed in 1986 means nothing. Obviously, these court cases and judicial decisions mean nothing because this legislation, H.R. 308, seeks to usurp the law in 1986 and to overrule judicial decisions that have been made. 
there is no standing in those decisions. The latest was a unanimous decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that confirmed, once again, the legality of the tribe’s West Valley project. 
about what the numerous legal outcomes actually mean for the nation. For instance, we heard just now that the nation won nothing on the merits and that all of the cases had merely been dismissed on the draconian doctrine of sovereign immunity. 
that, while the court dismissed some claims for this reason, the courts have, in fact, ruled on the merits of several of the claims in favor of the nation. For example, Judge David Campbell, a George W. Bush appointee, ruled: 
agreement, and the nation’s construction of a casino on the Glendale area land will not violate the compact.’’ 
the compact could lead a person to conclude that it has prohibited new casinos in the Phoenix area.’’ 
He ruled: ‘‘The Glendale area land acquired by the nation qualifies for gaming under the Indian Game and Regulatory Act.’’ 
the Ninth Circuit found that Arizona State law, designed to block the Federal Government from taking land it purchased into trust on behalf of the nation, was unconstitutional and would frustrate the purpose of the law Congress passed to secure replacement lands for the nation. 
and statutory right to sue to use its land would be violated, and the U.S. taxpayer would be on the hook to pay the nation up to $1 billion in compensation. 
We can’t dismiss those decisions because it serves the narrative of those who want to keep a ‘‘no competition’’ zone in the Phoenix area. 
I represent a part of that area up in Maricopa—it is in deep need of stimulus and economic development. This would be a huge shot in the arm as evidenced by the support of the mayors and city councils of Peoria, Tolleson, and Glendale, which is where the casino would be located, representing 670,000 people in that West Valley area. So I would say that there is support in the area, and one cannot merely dismiss it as if there is not any. 
I want to address the claim of reservation shopping headon. The proponents of this bill love to throw around the term ‘‘reservation shopping.’’ They like to suggest the bad images associated with it. They invoke the ‘‘boogeyman of tribal megacasinos’’ outside of major cities, but that cannot be further from the truth for the Tohono O’odham Nation. This has nothing to do with reservation shopping, and the term is offensive at best. The Tohono O’odham Nation didn’t ask for their land to be flooded and their economic resources to be destroyed. They didn’t ask for their agricultural way of life to be taken away. They aren’t looking to expand their land base. They are simply trying to replace the land that was destroyed by the Federal Government. 
the land, is specific only to the Tohono O’odham Nation. The replacement land can only be purchased in one of three counties. In fact, the land in question is in the exact same county, Maricopa, where the flooded land was located, and the replacement land was to be specifically used—and I am quoting from the original Gila Bend Act here of which Senator MCCAINwas a cosponsor—‘‘. . . 
for sustained economic use which is not principally farming and do not require Federal outlays for construction, and promote the economic selfsufficiency or the selfsufficiency of the O’odham Indian people.’’ 
Nothing in this situation is offreservation. This tribe simply has reservation lands in two places, thanks to being flooded by a Federal project. So let’s please stop talking about ‘‘reservation shopping’’ and ‘‘Las Vegas style casinos’’ when the casinos in these valleys are not Las Vegasstyle casinos but something less than— maybe Renostyle casinos, maybe Atlantic Citystyle casinos. 
the land that we are talking about—for the O’odham and the Gila Bend Act— was a replacement to their losing 10,000 acres due to the Painted Hills Dam that was constructed by the Federal Government. All of the rights have 
been affirmed by the courts, and the right for use has been affirmed by the court. We can’t dismiss those judicial decisions as merely inconveniences to some. They are legal decisions; they are binding; the land is in trust. For all intents and purposes, the reservation land and the complication of passing this bill and the complication of future liability for the Federal Government is very much part of the decision that is being made today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Arizona makes my exact point. 
State of Arizona v. TO prohibited the discovery of those minutes and tribal minutes in meetings from being allowed in the court. That is why the court said they had to find on behalf of TO, but they knew something was wrong. 
Supreme Court ruled once again that Congress—and only Congress—has the jurisdiction over tribal treaties and tribal entities when they claim sovereign immunity. Once again, for 2014, the gentleman from Arizona miscites that. 
utilized here, but they should not be utilized by criminal extortion and in violation of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. This has consequences far beyond that, not just for Arizona but across the country. When we passed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, we expected good faith and to follow the proceedings and to not enhance criminal activity. Obviously, just by my citations in the record, it shows that there was a conspired, extortive extent to which the TO conspired to violate the compact that the voters of Arizona expected to be honored exactly. 
I am not going to get into the points 
piece of legislation, H.R. 308, seeks to target just one tribe, the Tohono O’odham Nation, in order to retroactively prohibit a specific casino which is on their reservation land and which is almost completely constructed and will soon be operational. Other wealthy special interests don’t want the competition. It is as simple as that. 
cases, the agency’s ruling, and the land’s being taken into trust. The tribe is right in that their West Valley casino is well within the conditions of the Arizona Gaming Compact, and it has been upheld by the courts; but that hasn’t stopped the special interests and the wealthy lobbyists from pushing this reckless bill year after year. b1530 
Members are setting a dangerous precedent. You are saying that no matter what the obligations are to our Native Nations by a previous Congress, no matter what was promised to them and agreed in law, no matter what was decided and ruled upon by a court, no matter the process undertaken by the administration—you are opening up a very, very dangerous area—that you can unilaterally undo, by the request of outside interests for one tribe, their ability to take full advantage of the law that was passed in 1986 and to make them whole again economically. 
You are opening up an era of selective sovereignty where Congress can dictate the terms for how and when a tribe can assert its own selfdetermination and selfgovernance. That is akin to Congress being the sole determiner of recognizing who is a Native tribe and who isn’t. 
going to have serious ramifications for this Congress if it is passed and ever were to become law. The precedent set here is a dangerous precedent that extends beyond the one tribe that is being targeted now. It’s the O’odham Nation being targeted now. What would prevent this same kind of situation in a different light, under different circumstances on a different issue from another tribe being targeted and limited as to the use of their land and under law? 
that this controversial and potentially costly legislation really has no place on the suspension calendar. At the very least, Members deserve the opportunity to fully debate H.R. 308 and to offer amendments to address the serious concerns raised by the legislation. 
amended to guarantee that any Federal liability resulting from litigation sparked by H.R. 308—liability that the CBO estimates could be as high as $1 billion—shall not result in a reduction in funding for any Bureau of Indian Affairs programs. We should not punish the rest of Indian country for the greed of a few. 
amended to clarify that this prohibition on gaming should not apply to land specifically authorized by Congress as compensation for trust lands destroyed by the Federal agency action. If the bill is designed to stop so called offreservation gaming and reservation shopping, it should clearly exempt reservation lands provided to a tribe to replace land that the Federal Government destroyed. 
If the aim of H.R. 308 is to enforce 
Arizona’s tribalState gaming compact, this legislation should be amended to be clear that gaming can take place as 
suspension is unfair, and it only serves the interests of those who would rather not discuss the issues highlighted by these and other amendments. 
Finally, let me reiterate that regardless of how you voted the last time around, this is a completely different situation. As of July 2014, the land is now in trust. It is now part of the Tohono O’odham Reservation. This casino is set to open for business next month. If this legislation was unfair before, it is now just shameful. 
promise that was made that needs to be kept; the solemn promise this government made to the Tohono O’odham Nation with the passage of the Gila Bend Act in 1986. H.R. 308 will break that promise. It will set a dangerous precedent for settled land claims and will forever be a black mark on the dealings with Indian nations. 
remind my colleagues that this piece of legislation, while tempered and promoted for interests, carries with it extensive liability, dangerous precedents, and deserves a full, regular order debate, which we are not going to have today. 
course, I brought this bill to the floor on behalf of the mostly unanimous Arizona delegation. My role in this is that I am, in fact, the prime author of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act itself. 
proposed here and the opposition to it, H.R. 308 does not affect land into trust and is a temporary halt. All this bill does is stop the opening of this casino, which they did, I believe, under the guise of dishonesty to the general public. Promises made, promises kept. 
including the Tohono O’odham Tribe, agreed and signed a compact not to expand gambling in the State of Arizona, as they were doing so, in signing the compact, they were in preparations to buy this land, not telling anybody, not acknowledging or thinking of another casino. At least they should have had the courage and the guts not to sign the compact. 
to the public. It would never have passed. Gambling in Arizona would not be there if they did not have this understanding there would be no expansion. 
about greed, et cetera. There are people in that group who are just as greedy, trying to take and establish a gambling place where they said they wouldn’t do it. That was the compact. That was the understanding with the State. That was the State legislative body. 
can’t vote for this because it is going to take jobs away. Away from whom? Other Natives. Other American Indians. 
on a platform, a model of how many people go in and how many people come out. That is how you make these casinos pay, and that was the understanding and the plan that all the tribes agreed to. They all signed it, and we have documentation of that. 
because the general public did not want an expansion of gambling within the State of Arizona. It passed in good faith, but the faith was not that good. It was not the spirit and intent of the Indian Gaming Act at all. It broke the compact with the State and the people of the State. That is what we have to think about. 
exposed during the conference and in negotiating with the State and with the tribes. It was not exposed yet. It was taking place, not in sincerity but, in fact, in dishonesty. 
tribal wars, but what is being encouraged here is wrong with that compact. The promise made by the people for the people and with the people and with the tribes, and you are asking us not to stop that. 
make sure a dishonest act does not take place. A breaking of a promise while you are holding your hand behind your back with your fingers crossed when you have the other hand up swearing, that is what occurred. 
So I am asking my colleagues to listen to the Arizona delegation and the Governor. I am asking my colleagues to think about a promise made should be kept and only the Congress will make sure it is kept. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 308, the 
September 25, 2012), when a bill is controversial and a close call on the merits, we should not be considering it under suspension of the rules. Accordingly, I cannot vote to suspend the rules. 
today the House is scheduled to consider H.R. 308, the ‘‘Keep the Promise Act of 2015’’ which would prohibit gaming on property near Glendale, Arizona that is owned by the Tohono O’odham Nation and held in trust by the United States. The Tohono O’odham Nation is currently constructing a resort and casino on this property and expects to begin operations within a year. 
that if this legislation were enacted, the tribe would pursue litigation against the federal government to recover its financial losses from 
foregone gaming revenue. For this reason, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that possible compensation payments from the government could range from nothing to more than $1 billion. However, the Congressional Budget Office concludes that it has no basis for estimating the outcome of the future litigation. 
Budget enforcement is among my top priorities for the 114th Congress. It is my intention to ensure compliance with the Congressional Budget Act and House Rules as they apply to budget enforcement on the floor. However, given the considerable uncertainty of the budget impact of this legislation as concluded by the Congressional Budget Office, it is my position that a definitive score for this legislation cannot be determined. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FAIRNESS TO VETERANS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1694) to amend MAP–21 to improve contracting opportunities for veteranowned small business concerns, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness to 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and 
Columbia (Ms. N ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on H.R. 1694. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by expressing my deepest condolences to the families, friends, and loved ones of those killed in last Friday’s terrorist attacks in Paris. My prayers go out to them, the French people, and all those lovers of freedom and peace who have been shaken by this very savage attack. 
with the specter of terrorism. Fourteen years ago, on September 11, 2001, terrorists attacked our homeland. 9/11 was a call to action for tens of thousands of men and women who enlisted and served in our Nation’s Armed Forces in defense of the American ideals that we all hold so dear. 
these post9/11 veterans are returning home and transitioning into civilian life after service and continue to serve as leaders in our communities and in our economy. In fact, one quarter of these veterans say they are interested in starting or buying their own businesses. This is exactly, Mr. Speaker, the kind of entrepreneurial spirit that makes America work. 
and to put their unique skills and commitment to best use, the Federal Government has a role to play in empowering them to succeed in the private sector, especially in terms of Federal contracting. A number of agencies do. 
For example, Mr. Speaker, the Veterans Administration has been a leader in engaging the veteranowned small business community within their agency, working on contracting and procurement and seeing the benefits of increased veteran involvement. In fact, this week, in my own State of Pennsylvania, the VA, in collaboration with other Federal agencies and partners, will host its fifth national veterans smallbusiness engagement event. This event is expected to attract nearly 3,000 veteran businessowners and focus on promoting and supporting veteran owned small businesses’ access to economic opportunities. VA Secretary Robert McDonald said the event highlights the agency’s ‘‘commitment by offering veteran businessowners the tools they need to thrive in the Federal marketplace. We want to do all that we can to help our veterans be successful,’’ he said. However, while these veteran 
businessowners will be making valuable inroads into working within the Federal contracting and procurement programs, they won’t be talking about rebuilding our Nation’s infrastructure through competing for Federal contracts. 
That is because even with the immense amount of work facing the Department of Transportation, its small business contracting program doesn’t put veteran small businesses on a level playing field when competing for contracts. That is a real problem, not only for missed opportunities for veteran owned businesses but missed opportunities to put veteranowned firms on the front lines of our battle to rebuild our infrastructure. 
completely level playing field throughout Federal contracting for every small business, the fact is that today, some get a preference when doing business with the Federal Government where veterans do not. While 10 percent of federally funded infrastructure projects are set aside for small businesses, our veterans are excluded from competing equally. That is not fair, and that is why I rise today to offer bipartisan legislation to address it. 
for Infrastructure Investment Act is a simple, yet powerful update to current law. It would allow veteranowned small businesses to compete in an existing infrastructure smallbusiness program known as the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program or DBE. This simple legislation is critical to both the shared goal of creating and sustaining jobs for our veterans and rebuilding our Nation’s infrastructure. 
This bill is an idea that my constituents in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, know as fairness to veterans and they support it. 
businesses across my district which have received their veteranowned smallbusiness certification, it is easy to see its impact on their outlook. Connecting veteranowned businesses to the contracting power of the Federal Government opens the door for increased production, the hiring of additional staff—oftentimes veterans themselves—and opens doors to national opportunities. 
But it is not just Pennsylvania veterans who would benefit from this measure. Fairness to Veterans would level the playing field for more than 380,000 veteranowned construction firms across the Nation. And it is not just construction firms that will benefit. There are, in fact, a variety of industries involved, such as personnel, administrative, engineering, landscaping, utilities, and information technology. So this is an issue that affects all veteranowned small businesses. 
it is easy to see why the American Legion—one of the foremost organizations advocating for veterans in the workforce—backs this bill. Its 2.3 million members support providing parity for veterans in all smallbusiness government contracting programs. 
Here is what they just said in a message to all of our offices: 
‘‘The Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act of 2015 is a bipartisan, commonsense, and ‘no cost to the taxpayer’ update of existing legislation that redresses the exclusion of veteran small businesses when the framework of the DBE program was originally drafted. 
meet their DBE goals. Adding veteran small businesses to this program would increase the pool of eligible firms at the States’ disposal. For States that already meet their goals, this bill does not affect them or the smallbusiness contractors that they employ. 
idle while our veterans are precluded from this Federal program.’’ 
of the aisle should see the positive impact that can be made by putting the most trained workforce in history on the job of rebuilding our Nation’s roads and bridges. That is what the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act is all about. 
Veterans Jobs Caucus and an advocate for tens of thousands of veterans in my district in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan effort. 
Nation are at half staff, and, coincidentally, we have just celebrated our own Veterans Day. We particularly feel that celebration here in the District of Columbia where we have served our country since it was created and still have no vote on this floor, even though the residents of the city I represent pay the highest taxes per capita of any residents anywhere in the United States, including our veterans, who continue to go to war without a vote. 
the wake of Veterans Day, the House is considering several bills that will benefit the Nation’s veterans. I strongly support much of this legislation. I believe that many of these bills will pass the House without a single dissenting vote. 
Speaker, for H.R. 1694, which I cannot support because, as currently drafted, it may cause destructive harm to the Department of Transportation’s Disadvantaged Business Enterprise, or DBE, program, which helps combat historic discrimination against women and minorityowned small businesses. 
playing field and provides an opportunity for these small businesses to 
construction contracts. Regrettably, this bill could destroy the entire program, taking everything down with it, including the veterans it purports to add. 
very clear in determining that the DBE program must be subject to the highest standard of constitutional review by the courts, known as the strict scrutiny test, to be constitutional. Under the strict scrutiny test established by the U.S. Supreme Court, the DBE program must be narrowly tailored to serve a compelling governmental interest. 
To meet these objectives, State Departments of Transportation and public transit agencies must certify individual DBE businesses and conduct extensive disparity studies to determine the appropriate goal for awarding contracts to the small businesses owned by women and minorities in a particular community or State. That is a very rigorous standard. 
adds all veteranowned businesses without the constitutionally mandated study. I emphasize that serviceconnected disabled veterans are and always have been included. They are a narrowly tailored group of veterans. However, the change offered today threatens the constitutionality of the existing DBE program because it would no longer clearly meet one of the two essential elements of the Supreme Court test. 
The most important is that the program be narrowly tailored to address the continued effects of discrimination, which the disparity study must have already shown. Thus, although the bill has a worthy objective, it has an unintended consequence of threatening the very program designed to help level the playing field for small businesses owned by women and minorities and, as would happen, veterans as well. It just would blow up the whole program. 
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) to outline these concerns. Mr. C UMMINGS and I, in response, 
developed an alternative approach to create a veteranowned business enterprise program within the Department of Transportation. Under that program, there would be a national goal to ensure that veteranowned small businesses receive highway and transit construction contracts. Moreover, this program would not undermine the constitutionality of the existing DBE program. 
bill earlier today, and I had hoped, in the spirit of compromise that is necessary to save the program at this point, we could proceed with that compromise proposal that would achieve all of our objectives: Mr. FITZPATRICK ’s 
objectives and the objectives that have been in the bill since the 1980s. Regrettably, we have not yet reached any such agreement on this approach with 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania prior to today’s consideration of H.R. 1694. 
Capital, only in Washington, D.C., would somebody ever make the argument that adding veterans to any Federal program would make it weaker, but that is the argument we just heard. The fact is, of the hundreds of thousands of veteranowned small businesses in the United States of America, the owners of many of them are women veterans, the owners are minority veterans. 
I just want to address some of the arguments that my colleague from the District of Columbia has made, two in particular. 
Infrastructure Investment Act does not presume that veterans are socially and economically disadvantaged for purposes of the DBE program. Instead, the veteranowned small businesses are given the exact same definition that they have in other contracting programs through the Small Business Act. The DBE program was set up to assist certain classes of small businesses, and this bill does not affect those businesses, number one. 
Number two, the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act uses existing Small Business Act definitions requiring that businesses be 51 percent owned or controlled by veterans. The certification process and the screening was put in place by the Department of Transportation regulations, a similar process that would apply to veteranowned small businesses. Additionally, any business participating in the DBE program could also be publicly owned. 
to note that the gentleman is correct that women are covered. They are already covered. Onethird of those covered under the DBE category of minority and ethnic groups are minorities. So we do have large numbers of women and minorities covered, and the disparity studies have been done as to them. 
as to veterans as a whole. If the gentleman wants to do such a study, we invite him to work with us in doing a disparity study on veterans rather than blowing up the whole program. 
I now yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), 
a member of the committee and my good friend. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I also thank her for her leadership as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit of 
honor the extraordinary service of our Nation’s veterans. The foundation of America’s military is not ships or missiles, and it isn’t tanks or jets. The foundation of our military is the men and women who voluntarily serve, the ones who give their blood, sweat, and tears to make sure that we have the freedom that we experience every day. 
country, particularly after the terrible events of 9/11, have faced significant challenges finding civilian employment. Earlier this year, the Bureau of Labor Statistics released a report on veterans’ employment in 2014. According to the BLS, last year there were more than 21 million men and women who had served in our Armed Forces, or approximately 9 percent of our civilian population. 
The BLS found that in 2014 the jobless rate for all veterans was 5.3 percent, while the unemployment rate for veterans who had served since 9/11 was 7.2 percent. The BLS also found that the unemployment rate for veterans in my home State of Maryland was 8.5 percent, the highest among all 50 States. 
Census Bureau’s Survey of Business Owners in 2007, there were nearly 2
million businesses in the United States of which veterans comprised the majority ownership. Together, these businesses had receipts of approximately $1.2 trillion. Nearly half a million of these businesses were also employers, with a combined annual payroll of approximately $210 billion. 
FITZPATRICK that we must expand programs that help veterans find employment after their service ends and that we should expand contracting opportunities in the highway and transit programs for small businesses owned by veterans. I just don’t think adding veterans to the existing DBE program is the right way to accomplish these goals. 
Adding veteranowned small businesses to the DBE program would force the veteranowned businesses to compete with disadvantaged business enterprises already participating in the program for contracting opportunities. The best way to help veterans is to establish a Federal participation goal that is specifically for veteranowned small businesses and business concerns separate and apart from the DBE program. 
introduced legislation to accomplish just that. Our bill, H.R. 3997, would amend the MAP–21 program to create a 10 percent aspirational goal for veteranowned smallbusiness concerns. 
consistent with existing Federal contracting programs while ensuring that veterans do not have to compete with any other business under the aspirational goal. 
ensure that we do not make changes to the DBE program that could open the program to new legal challenges that could limit the program’s ability to serve either DBEs or veterans. 
aisle agree to work with us to create a program that will provide the maximum benefit to veterans, which is a Veterans Business Enterprise program with its own aspirational goals. 
the bill currently before us in favor of creating a program that will serve veterans and only veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments of my colleagues. I would just indicate that this is not a bill that was just recently filed. This was filed and has been pending in the House since 2012, when I first filed the Fairness to Veterans Act, seeking to put our veterans to work as they are coming off the battlefield and coming back into a difficult economy, many of them starting businesses because they are entrepreneurial, because they are hard workers, and because they have those skills that they achieved while defending our Nation with our training. They want to put it back in the economy and help get their country’s economy moving again. 
were competing for contracts, they were not on a level playing field. I indicated that for 5 years this policy has been pending and there have been too few meetings to try to forward the idea of helping our Nation’s veterans compete. 
has been measuring the DBE program. On the 10 percent contracting goal that is set forth in the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program, for 5 years in a row, 25 of the 50 States—half of the States—never met their 10 percent goal. 
our Nation’s veterans competing against others within the 10 percent setaside, first of all, half the 10 percent setaside is not being met. Number two, I think we do want competition. I think we do want our Nation’s veterans competing. 
It will not only be good for our Nation’s veterans, it will be good for all enterprises, all businesses, in this country. Competition is what built this country. Competition will help put our Nation’s veterans back to work and get our roads and bridges rebuilt, which is 
DUNCAN ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 91⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 
with respect to that big and important job that our Nation’s veterans are prepared for, I would say that we know that they are up to the challenge, and the statistics prove it. 
transitioning each year from military to civilian life, and they are looking for their next mission. A quarter of them say they want to start or buy their own business in the future. That is something that we should celebrate, encourage, and support. 
veterans who are selfemployed or are smallbusiness owners right now. The impact of veteranowned businesses and entrepreneurs with a veteran background on our economy is impressive. 
There are currently 3.7 million veteranowned businesses in the United States, accounting for more than $1.6 trillion in receipts and employing 8.2 million people. Of them, there are more than 380,000 veteranowned construction firms, 414,519 veteranowned firms in the professional, scientific, and technical services, and over 10 percent of all manufacturing firms are veteran owned. These are the people that would stand to benefit from this commonsense bill. 
show that 75 percent of current veteran business owners are over the age of 55. That means we need to support the next generation of veteran smallbusiness owners. The Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Act lays that groundwork. 
been enough meetings. I met with the gentleman more than once and then wrote an extensive memo on the problems with the bill. 
day after Veterans Day. You can’t divide this House on the question of veterans, not when we have offered an entire program for veterans. 
about being in this particular program. In fact, the gentleman mentioned that minorities and women were not, in fact, meeting all of their goals. Therefore, some of those goals are left on the table. 
That is a very important point. Because being a minority or a woman is not enough to qualify you for this—and I don’t even want to call it a setaside for this goal is not a setaside. So these minorities and women have to show equivalent skills with others who are competing. It is not an easy thing to do. 
there are some leftover points to be picked up by veterans. The DBE program has 30 years of history in the United States Supreme Court. 
every time this bill is passed the DBE program is challenged. Each time the 
Justice Department, under Democratic and Republican Presidents, have defended it as a narrowly tailored program. 
strict, narrowly tailored standard, the gentleman was offered a way for veterans to, in fact, be recognized in transportation and infrastructure programs. 
even better than the program that unites minorities, women, and, I might add, servicedisabled veterans, who are a narrowly tailored group that is already included. 
has decided he wants to blow up the entire DBE program for veterans and everyone else. We can’t agree to such a destructive approach, particularly when we have offered the gentleman a way for veterans to be recognized. 
hear the motives behind my interest in putting our Nation’s veterans back to work being mischaracterized on the floor, the 5year effort from 2011 to 2015 where I patiently worked on both sides of the aisle, where I patiently introduced bills, where I patiently signed up sponsors and cosponsors on both sides of the aisle. 
say that, after 5 years’ worth of legislative work on an issue to help our veterans, we are rushing something to the floor. That is what is being suggested here today. 
years of work, much of that work hand in hand with The American Legion. And, Mr. Speaker, this is what The American Legion has to say: On behalf of the 2.3 million members of The 
American Legion, I would like to express my support for H.R. 1694, the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. 
National Convention of The American Legion. They supported the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. It was Resolution 339. It passed The American Legion’s 2014 national convention. 
‘‘supports legislation to ensure equal parity for all veterans in all small business government contracting programs, thus ensuring no veteran procurement program is at a disadvantage in competing with any other government procurement program established by law.’’ 
passage of this legislation. It also goes on to applaud the leadership in addressing this critical issue facing our Nation’s servicemembers and veterans. Mr. Speaker, that is from Michael Helm, National Commander of The American Legion. 
Let me add that we are not just talking about construction firms, as I said earlier. We are talking about a wide swath of veteran businesses that will be impacted. 
pointed out at their national meeting. They pointed out that: This bipartisan, commonsense, and no cost to taxpayer update of existing legislation redresses the exclusion of veteranowned small businesses when the framework of the DBE program was originally drafted, such as personnel, administrative, engineering, landscaping, utilities and information technology. So, again, this is an issue that affects all veteran owned small businesses. 
that he has put into his bill. His party has been in power the past 5 years. As far as I know, he never asked for a hearing so that these issues could be clarified. I am sure that, if he had, we might have been able to iron this out. 
what the Supreme Court has said, we have no choice but to oppose the bill as he has offered it, in not differentiating among the veterans he is speaking about, but putting in a global group, which has never been done or approved. 
Supreme Court to agree to let such programs prevail, but we have always succeeded in getting the Court to understand that past discrimination has been shown through disparity studies. Without any disparity studies, the gentleman from Pennsylvania means to march straight up to the Supreme Court and say: We are veterans. Approve us anyway. 
Nobody opposes veterans, particularly at this time, following what we have seen in Paris. The way to make sure that veterans are not left out is to sit down with us and figure it out, not to barnstorm the floor in the hope that, since you are in the majority, it will pass. 
the District of Columbia indicated that there has not been a hearing in the House of Representatives in the relevant subcommittees or committees on the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. 
The fact is, for 5 years, this bill has 
been pending. Anybody on the committee, including Ms. HOLMES NORTON  
of the District of Columbia, could have asked for and had a hearing. 
there was no hearing. But we have a hearing now on the floor here on this bill. In addition to the Transportation 
Committee, the bill was also referred to the Small Business Committee. The American Legion testified on the bill within one of their subcommittees. 
testimony. There was an opportunity for all Members to question and to follow up on those questions and to submit material after the hearing was over. 
years of negotiation, after 5 years of working with committees and subcommittees, this bill was prepared to be voted on here today. 
the letter from The American Legion dated April 22, 2015, signed by National Commander Michael D. Helm, in support of the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE FITZPATRICK : On behalf of the 2.3 million members of The American Legion I would like to express support for H.R. 1694, the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. 
Resolution 339, passed at The American Legion’s 2014 National Convention states that The American Legion ‘‘. . . supports legislation to ensure equal parity for all veterans in all small business government contracting programs, thus ensuring no veteran procurement program is at a disadvantage in competing with any other government procurement program established by law.’’ 
by making veteranowned small businesses (VOSBs) eligible for Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) programs of the Department of Transportation (DoT). Veterans are not presumed to be socially or economically disadvantaged for purposes of DBE programs; instead the proposed legislation would make VOSBs independently eligible by establishing VOSBs as a separate entity who count for the purposes of the 10 percent goal as set by DoT. 
Again, The American Legion supports passage of this legislation, and applauds your leadership in addressing this critical issue facing our nation’s service members and veterans. 
heard a Member from the majority say that a Member from the minority should have asked for a hearing on his bill. If you are in the majority and you want a hearing on your bill, that is your obligation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), my 
first of all, let me just say that we just finished celebrating Veterans Day, and as the ranking member, I support veterans 100 percent. Also, as a minority, I have a question 
for the gentlewoman because we just celebrated the 1965 Voting Rights Act and, of course, minorities have had a tough time participating in many programs. 
passed, how will this affect the MBA, the minority business program in transportation? 
We have both been on this committee. I have been on it for over 23 years, and we know it has to be narrowly tailored, or else we will have no programs. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank the gentlewoman for her question. 
rough history to prove what needs to be done. It is not as if we are speculating on what the constitutional standard is. The constitutional standard has been developed. The States have to do their disparity studies all over again to show that groups should still be included. Some groups may fall out. 
This is delicate work, and in our constitutional government, we don’t say every worthy group should have a preference. We need to make a showing, and if that showing isn’t made, then the matter will not stand. 
If you want to give a very, very painful example of that, let’s take the Voting Rights Act. The Supreme Court of the United States overturned, about 5 years ago, the Voting Rights Act. 
there had been some changes, and that people of color could now vote, as they couldn’t always vote when the Voting Rights Act was passed. And so they threw it back to this Congress, and said: All right, you can have a Voting Rights Act but you must update the Act to show that there is still a disparity in voting. There are pending now three bills in order to do that. 
the Voting Rights Act, where the discrimination was perhaps the most apparent, from poll taxes to lynching, you can imagine where we would be on DBE, and we have got 30 years of court history to show it. 
We all want to do the best that we 
possibly can for our veterans. The way to do that is to sit down and design a bill that would, in fact, pass constitutional muster. We know how to do it. 
This is not a matter of the ego of 
whoever introduces the bill. It is a matter of how you make sure that veterans, in fact, are designated, in a constitutional way, for participation in the soontobesignedbythePresident surface transportation bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 45 seconds remaining. 
done the best we could for our veterans in speaking for this bill today. We remain open to assuring that the veterans participate in the funds that are 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we 
know that we must rebuild our crumbling infrastructure in this country. That is not a question. 
In fact, in my home State of Pennsylvania, 15 percent of roads are in poor condition, and there are over 5,200 structurally deficient bridges. There is plenty of work to do, work which will be supported by the bipartisan passage of the other week’s 6year surface transportation bill. 
Fairness to Veterans Act, is if it will be in our Nation’s interest that our veterans will help to lead that work. 
Let’s salute our veteran smallbusiness owners by empowering them to rebuild America and passing the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act, a bipartisan, commonsense, nocosttothetaxpayer update of existing legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this simple bipartisan proposal and pass this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CORPS OF ENGINEERS TO ASSIST WITH CURATION AND HISTORIC PRESERVATION ACTIVITIES 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3114) to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
agencies are required to preserve and catalogue artifacts and other items of national historical significance that are uncovered during the course of their work (notably under part 79 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations). 
Federal agencies are stored in hundreds of repositories and museums across the Nation. 
Center of Expertise for the Curation and Management of Archaeological Collections, initiated 
the Veterans’ Curation Program to employ and train Iraq and Afghanistan veterans in archaeological processing. 
veterans and members of the Armed Forces in the sorting, cleaning, and cataloguing of artifacts managed by the Corps of Engineers. 
participated in the Veterans’ Curation Program, including the current class of 38 participants. Of the 203 graduates of the program, 87 percent have received permanent employment in a field related to training received under the program or chosen to continue their education. 
gained through the Veterans’ Curation Program is valuable training and experience for the museum, forensics, administrative, records management, and other fields. 
may assist the Corps of Engineers in developing a more efficient and comprehensive collections management program and also may provide the workforce to meet the records management needs at other agencies and departments, including the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall carry out a Veterans’ Curation Program to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Secretary in carrying out curation and historic preservation activities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) and the gentlewoman 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 3114. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
deserve opportunities for employment in addition to our thanks for their brave sacrifice and service. 
I believe one of the greatest responsibilities our government has is to ensure the members of our military, both Active and retired, and their families have opportunities upon returning home. 
to their country, risked their lives in combat, and experienced long periods of separation from their families. 
created to give veterans the opportunity to adjust to a civilian work environment and learn important skills while processing atrisk archeological 
collections belonging to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
Veterans Curation Program is building on the skills that veterans acquire during military service, including leadership, teamwork, and attention to detail. 
of professionals in the field of archaeology, the veterans receive competitive pay and technical training in a peerto peer veterans environment. I urge all Members to support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I 
H.R. 3114, as stated by my colleague, a bipartisan bill, introduced along with my colleague, Congressman RODNEY  
DAVIS from Illinois, to permanently authorize available funds from the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans for curation and historic preservation of archaeological sites, items of historical value during their excavation and during other related activities. 
It is very notable that, on the legislative week immediately following Veterans Day, the House is considering important legislation to provide job training assistance to hire and train our veterans. 
protect our Nation’s archaeological heritage, Federal agencies are required to provide curation and preservation services to professional museums and archival practices. 
began training veterans in archaeological processing activities, using temporary funds provided by the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, otherwise known as ARRA. 
the program, and have been acquiring valuable job skills, including but not limited to computer database management, records management, scanning, and photographing records and artifacts. These are skills further preparing our veterans for today’s competitive job market by giving them valuable, handson experience. 
have gone through the program, and currently they have 38 veterans in this current class. 
veterans have obtained permanent employment; 39 have continued their education, either at colleges, universities, or in certificated programs. 
Curation Program educate, train, and employ veterans, the program’s jobs are tailored to fit the capabilities of disabled veterans. The Corps undertakes these activities in three facilities across our country, located in Georgia, Virginia, and Missouri. 
grateful for the chance to provide our veterans an opportunity to continue 
work and job training that is helping them and their families reintegrate, become more productive, and that is so beneficial to our Nation. 
making this worthwhile program permanent and joining me in passing this legislation. 
is very worthwhile. It is one of the agency’s many efforts to continue helping our veterans be able to get job training, get job skills, and be able to sustain their families in a way that may make them feel whole again. I do ask all my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3114, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3144) to require consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Act may be cited as the ‘‘Partners for 
Security Administration shall consult, to the extent practicable, with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee (established pursuant to section 44946 of title 49 of the United States Code) regarding any modification to the prohibited item list prior to issuing a determination about any such modification. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Transportation Security Oversight Board (established pursuant to section 115 of title 49, United States Code), the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and 
the Advisory Committee shall be two years but may continue until such time as a successor member begins serving on the Advisory Committee. A member of the Advisory Committee may be reappointed.’’. 
list’’ means the list of items passengers are prohibited from carrying as accessible property or on their persons through passenger screening checkpoints at airports, into sterile areas at airports, and on board passenger aircraft, pursuant to section 1540.111 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on January 1, 2015). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of H.R. 3144, the Partners for Aviation Security Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this important bipartisan legislation ensures that the critical decisions affecting the transportation security of the United States are not made in a vacuum without the input and perspective of relevant transportation stakeholders. 
Security Administration has a troublesome history when making sweeping policy changes at the expense of the traveling public and other affected parties, such as aviation workers, airports, airlines, vendors, and law enforcement. 
Administrator of TSA to consult, when possible, with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee before determining whether to modify the prohibited items lists for passenger aircraft. 
In the 113th Congress, the Subcommittee on Transportation Security conducted oversight of efforts to modify the prohibited items list after TSA made a sweeping decision to do so without appropriate prior consultation with stakeholders. By codifying the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, or ASAC, the committee has a proven record of ensuring that TSA consults with stakeholders on important matters of transportation security when appropriate. 
to this record. Another important provision of this bill requires that the Secretary of Homeland Security submit a report to both Congress and the Transportation Security Oversight Board, including important information on the Board’s composition and activities. This report may include recommendations for Congress and the Department to improve the Board and ensure that it is meeting the original intent of providing review to transportation securityrelated regulations and making a meaningful contribution to the security of our Nation’s critical transportation systems. 
there are new and evolving threats to the security of America’s traveling public, and it is the important work of the Department of Homeland Security and TSA to ensure that travelers are safe and to mitigate threats against transportation. In this regard, it is of the highest importance that relevant partners in transportation security are engaged and included in ongoing dialogue on important policy matters being considered. 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. KATKO , 
for their work in bringing this bill to the floor today and conducting critical oversight efforts to secure America’s transportation systems. Additionally, I wish to thank the bill’s author, Congressman PAYNE , for his hard work and 
dedication to this issue. Finally, I would like to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. THOMP SON, for supporting this important legislation. 
security, and it is the prerogative of the Committee on Homeland Security to ensure that open lines of communication exist between stakeholders, TSA, and DHS. 
support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
3144, the Partners for Aviation Security Act. I introduced H.R. 3144, the Partners for Aviation Security Act, to 
ensure that the Transportation Security Administration’s key domestic partner for aviation security, the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, is 
would like to say that our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those that were lost on the Metrojet flight originating from Egypt recently. 
The safety and security of the traveling public is vital, and the work of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, of which I am a member, is extremely important, as we address issues and vulnerabilities that affect the Nation’s aviation sector. 
Speaker, in 2012, thenTSA Administrator John Pistole unilaterally made changes to the prohibited items list allowed onto passenger planes to include small knives and sporting goods equipment. Almost immediately, there was an outcry against this decision from a broad range of stakeholders. Our committee heard from flight attendants, pilots, passenger groups, and others about the security and safety risks associated with this change. 
that TSA ultimately decided to withdraw its changes to the prohibited items list. However, I believe TSA should consult the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, or ASAC, before implementing new security protocols. Enactment of H.R. 3144 would ensure that such consultation occurs. 
language to ensure that there is continuity in the ASAC’s operations even when there are changes to its membership. In general terms, given that most of our Nation’s critical infrastructure is owned and operated by the private sector, it is important that DHS maintain close partnerships with the private sector to execute its missions and programs. 
such partners are essential insofar as TSA cannot effectively carry outs its mission at our Nation’s airports without buyin from the air carriers, airport operators, labor unions, passenger groups, airport vendors, and technology companies. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge that this bill was approved unanimously in committee and thank 
our cosponsors; the chairman of our committee’s Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. KATKO ; the 
chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAUL; and the ranking member of 
am pleased that the committee has worked in a bipartisan fashion to advance this timely piece of legislation. 
to TSA and the American flying public about our commitment to ensuring that sensible and effective security policies are in place at our Nation’s airports. For these reasons, I urge Members to support H.R. 3144. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1073) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to secure critical infrastructure against electromagnetic threats, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection Act’’ or the ‘‘CIPA’’. 
‘‘The Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, shall, to the extent practicable— 
and operators of critical infrastructure, emergency planners, and emergency response providers at all levels of government of the threat of EMP events.’’; 
risks to critical infrastructures from a range of EMP events. 
security assets and vital civic utilities and infrastructures that are at risk from EMP 
and response technologies that would address the findings and recommendations of experts, including those of the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
are available to improve the resiliency of critical infrastructure to EMP. 
and prepare the critical infrastructure of the American homeland against EMP events, including from acts of terrorism; and 
relevant Federal sectorspecific agencies (as defined under Homeland Security Presidential Directive–7) for critical infrastructures; 
report to Congress by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act describing the progress made in, and an estimated date by which the Department of Homeland Security will have completed— 
Nothing in this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to grant any regulatory authority. 
by this Act, may be carried out only by using funds appropriated under the authority of other laws. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
infrastructure continue to evolve. Threats today come in all forms: physical, cyber, and electromagnetic pulse, or EMP, events. 
legislation because it would ensure that DHS plans and addresses threats to critical infrastructure from EMP events. Specifically, this bill would require the Department of Homeland Security to include EMP events in national planning frameworks. It would also ensure DHS conducts outreach and educates owners and operators of critical infrastructure, emergency planners, and emergency responders about the threat of EMP events. Finally, this legislation requires the Secretary to conduct research and development to mitigate the consequences of EMP events. 
from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for authoring this important legislation. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Department of Homeland Security to undertake research, planning, and educational activities to mitigate the potential consequences of electromagnetic pulses and geomagnetic disturbances on critical infrastructure such as public utilities and national security assets. As the Congressional Budget Office noted in its analysis, the Department is currently carrying out programs similar to those required by the bill. 
Along those lines, I think it is important to identify the elements of EMP and GMD preparedness and response 
activities that are common to the existing preparedness and response efforts as set forth in the national planning frameworks. These national planning efforts identify roles and responsibilities for disaster prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities, and this bill will include consideration of EMPs. 
It is also important to distinguish between EMP, or electromagnetic pulses, and GMD, or geomagnetic disturbances. There are significant differences in the nature of the threats, the science behind their impacts, and the range of options for potential solutions. 
EMP weapons are most generally recognized as thermonuclear weapons that may be launched on missiles designed to explode in the upper atmosphere and produce intense, shortduration, targeted energy that can impact a wide range of technologies and industries. An EMP blast could disrupt and potentially destroy electronic devices in the affected area with consequences extending to critical infrastructures that rely on microprocessorbased electronic devices. 
In contrast, geomagnetic fluctuations, or GMDs, result from solar weather activity. Severe GMD events may produce varying effects on the power system depending on orientation of the solar storm, latitude, transmission line characteristics, the geology of an affected area, and the design of the power system. The effects of GMD are believed to be primarily limited to reliability of the bulk power system, while the effects of an EMP could cross multiple infrastructures and technologies. 
the result of an international attack or warlike activity on the United States or its neighbors, DHS may need to partner with the Department of Defense. Going forward, I urge Members to be mindful of the broad range of preparedness demands on DHS. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
to all of those who have supported the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. I am especially grateful to Chairman PETE SESSIONS for his cosponsorship 
and his committed partnership on this bill, as well as, of course, to Chairman MCCAULand to the leadership team of 
this House for allowing this legislation to come to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is an especially appropriate time for us to pause and reflect on the tragedies that have occurred in France and to stand in solidarity with those people who are part of the free world and do the best they can to fight terrorism and to survive its effects. My prayers are with them, 
and it is ironic that today we are here dealing with legislation to try to help mitigate our own vulnerabilities to potential attacks that could come in the future. 
or EMP, can be catalyzed by nonnuclear intentional electromagnetic interference, a major solar storm, or a highaltitude nuclear blast. EMP is an invisible force of ionized particles with the potential to overwhelm and destroy our present electrical power grids, which are a vital component of nearly every other critical infrastructure we have. 
naturally occurring or weaponized electromagnetic pulse is a timely and critical matter of national security. During the past several decades, America has spent billions of dollars hardening many of our critical defense assets, including our nuclear triad and our missile defense components, against natural or weaponized electromagnetic pulse. 
relies upon the largely unprotected civilian grid for 99 percent of its electricity needs in the continental United States, without which it cannot affect its mission. 
an electromagnetic pulse knocked out a large portion of the electric grid across the eastern United States. Fifty million people were affected after 21 power plants shut down in just 3 minutes. Office workers streamed into parking lots and many commuters were stranded inside their trains. 
that make up our critical infrastructure, from the electric grid to water 
pumps, to cell phone service, to computer systems, were disrupted. Lives suddenly changed that day in New York City, Cleveland, Detroit, and all the way into Canada. In New York City alone, this short blackout was estimated to cost more than a half billion dollars. 
There are at least 11 major government reports now that have all come essentially to the same conclusion regarding our vulnerabilities to electromagnetic pulse. Some of America’s most enlightened national security experts, as well as many of our enemies or potential enemies, consider a well executed weaponized electromagnetic pulse against America to be a ‘‘kill shot’’—let me say that again—a ‘‘kill shot’’ to America. 
fundamentally unprotected against severe EMP, and for it to remain so is an open invitation to our enemies to exploit this dangerous vulnerability. 
University recently translated an Iranian military doctrine called ‘‘Passive Defense.’’ This doctrine stresses that electrical grids are vital to the national existence of major powers in the 
world like America. It includes a formula for calculating the value of electrical power plants and for prioritizing the targeting of electric grid components and other critical infrastructures. Mr. Speaker, this Iranian military doctrine referenced the use of nucleargenerated electromagnetic pulse as an effective weapon more than 20 times. 
Iran begins to enjoy the bounty of their nuclear negotiations, it should be a wakeup call to all of us that the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism is contemplating the concept of nucleargenerated electromagnetic pulse as an asymmetric weapon against America. 
this day to pass the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which, if signed into law, will represent the first time in history that Congress will be specifically addressing this dangerous threat of electromagnetic pulse. 
DHS threat assessments for EMP through research and reporting requirements. It will help the United States prevent and prepare for such an event by including largescale blackouts into our critical existing national planning scenarios, including educational awareness for first responders to protect critical infrastructure. Most importantly, it requires a specific plan for protecting and recovering the electrical grid and other critical infrastructure from a dangerous electromagnetic pulse event. 
Mr. Speaker, finally, there is a moment in the life of nearly every problem when it is big enough to be seen by reasonable people and still small enough to be addressed. Those of us in this Chamber and across America live in a time when there still may be opportunity for the free world to address and mitigate the vulnerability that naturally occurring or weaponized EMP represents to the mechanisms of our civilization. This is our moment. 
acknowledge the remarks by the gentleman from Arizona in reference to the solidarity in which we stand with the French people. As it has been stated now and called, this terrorist attack is their 9/11. I just wanted to be on the RECORD to acknowledge the comments 
of the gentleman from Arizona. We stand with the French people in solidarity. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ). 
the gentleman, my dear friend from Georgia, for the time. 
seen an unprecedented expansion in the use of electronics, Mr. Speaker. These 
electronics have transformed our economy, our homes, our families, and, really, the way we do business and have become an integral part of our daily lives. 
also susceptible to new types of potential threats, threats that have been talked about on this floor by not only Mr. FRANKS , but also our friend, Mr. 
as EMPs, could dramatically disrupt electronic activity and severely damage our electrical grids and everything that stands under those grids. Examples of EMP threats include those generated from a geomagnetic solar flare, from a terrorist shortrange missile, cybersecurity attacks, or from a physical assault on a utility or a power plant. 
The Critical Infrastructure Protection Act that we are talking about today and that we hope to pass is an important first step towards protecting our Nation from potential catastrophic nationwide blackouts. 
Gaffney, the president and founder of the Center for Security Policy. Frank has provided the leadership not only by meeting with me, but also working with Mr. FRANKS and hundreds of other 
Members to let us know not only about this important critical infrastructure policy need, but also to make sure that we educate and spread awareness to not only our constituency, but other Members of Congress, regarding the new types of potential threats and occurrences, such as an electromagnetic pulse attack, that could dramatically alter our way of life. 
have previously done, our leader in Congress on this issue, my dear friend, Arizona Congressman TRENT FRANKS . 
this issue for years. We have worked hard with the chairman of Homeland Security, as well as leadership in this House, to make sure that we accomplish this legislation now. 
Ultimately, the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act is simply the first step towards getting the U.S. closer to protecting ourselves from a potentially catastrophic nationwide blackout. It is simply the first step, Mr. Speaker. I know this will begin a national dialogue, a dialogue that needs to take place and that has already been begun by such leaders as former Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Vice President Dick Cheney. 
today for taking up this important legislation, ask that my colleagues pay attention to understand this bill, and vote for it because support and passage of H.R. 1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, is important to the American people and our way of life. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1073 puts focus on EMP and GMD preparedness response in a reasonable 
manner. It does so in a way that does not come at the detriment of preparing for other more likely or more potentially lethal events. 
activities already underway at DHS to improve preparedness activities for an EMP event. For example, it is my understanding that DHS is looking at including EMP as an annex to the Federal Interagency Operational Plans currently in development. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1073. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak in support of H.R. 1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015. 
As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security as well as the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Investigations, I am well aware of the importance of our nation’s critical infrastructure and for this reason I support H.R. 1073. 
The bill also directs DHS to conduct research and development to mitigate the consequences of EMP events, including: an objective scientific analysis of the risks to critical infrastructures from a range of EMP events; determination of the critical national security assets and vital civic utilities and infrastructures that are at risk from EMP events; an evaluation of emergency planning and response technologies that would address the findings and recommendations of experts, including those of the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack; an analysis of available technology options to improve the resiliency of critical infrastructure to EMP; and the restoration and recovery capabilities of critical infrastructure under differing levels of damage and disruption from various EMP events. 
DHS will make recommendations to Congress on a strategy to protect and prepare the critical infrastructure of the nation against EMP events, and provide biennial updates on the status of developing a defense against EMP strategy. 
of vital importance to our national and domestic security interest. 
dives the Federal approach to strengthen critical infrastructure security and resilience: refine and clarify functional relationships across 
the Federal Government to advance the national unity of effort to strengthen critical infrastructure security and resilience; enable effective information exchange by identifying baseline data and systems requirements for the Federal Government; and implement an integration and analysis function to inform planning and operations decisions regarding critical infrastructure. 
Effective security for our nation’s critical infrastructure requires a national unity of effort based upon strategic guidance from the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with critical infrastructure owners and operators and state, local, and territorial to take proactive steps to address All Hazards that would impact: national security; economic stability; public health and safety; and or any combination of these. 
The Jackson Lee bill, just as H.R. 1703 is 
intended to do, would reduce vulnerabilities associated with potential terrorist attacks that target critical infrastructure by supporting a coordinated partnership among federal agencies; critical infrastructure owners and operators and local, state, and tribal authorities. 
Last, Friday’s terrible attacks in Paris only illustrates the inhumanity of those who are America’s enemies—the enemies of all of those who cherish freedom. 
I join my colleagues in the House in offering 
my deepest sympathies to the people of Paris especially to the families of those killed. 
should and must extend to the security needs of our allies in the struggle against violence and terrorism—France. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1338) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
STUDY ON MATTERS RELATING TO BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF VETERANS IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES. 
than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— 
interring of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Administration; and 
unclaimed remains of veterans, including an estimate of the number of unclaimed remains of veterans. 
the ability of the Secretary to inter unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Administration. 
PAID TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, of which, during fiscal year 2016, not more than an aggregate amount of $2,000,000 may be paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who are members of the Senior Executive Service.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks or to add any extraneous material they may have on H.R. 1338, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do urge all Members 
to support H.R. 1338, the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. 
introduced by my good friend, Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania, would help ensure that deceased veterans are treated with respect and with dignity. 
that the Department of Veterans Affairs conduct a study on the serious 
problem of unclaimed remains of deceased veterans. VA will provide a dignified burial in national cemeteries for those who die with no family to claim their remains or who did not have enough money to cover burial expenses. 
Unfortunately, the remains of deceased veterans may end up on the shelf at a funeral home or the shelf of a coroner’s office, and VA may not be aware that the veteran’s remains were not interred. 
an attempt to ensure that all deceased veterans are treated with the honor that they had earned. The Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 directed VA to work with Veterans Service Organizations and assist States, cities, and funeral directors to identify the unclaimed remains of veterans and to arrange for their burials in one of our national cemeteries. 
Unfortunately, the law has not resolved this issue and too many veterans may not be receiving a dignified burial. That is unconscionable. The men and women who have served our Nation in uniform have the right to expect that our Nation will make every effort to treat them with honor and deference even after they pass away. 
scope of the problem and identify any obstacles associated with claiming or interring veteran remains. 
Additionally, VA would also be required to make recommendations on how we can better ensure that our Nation’s heroes are properly laid to rest. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Veterans Act. This legislation will require the Department of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the unclaimed remains of veterans. 
Our Nation continues to be challenged by local and privately owned cemeteries that fail to identify and provide the VA with uninterred veterans’ remains. It is our intent that the VA look into this issue and come up with some solutions to assist privately and locally owned cemetery homes with the information and the support they need to transfer those remains to the VA’s National Cemetery Administration. 
VA to help our veterans. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Everett, Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the original sponsor of this particular piece of legislation. 
for working with me on this piece of legislation. 
light on the issue plaguing our Nation’s veterans. Specifically, there are an estimated 47,000 cremated veterans’ remains that are waiting to be interred because it was not possible to identify the next of kin. 
Existing legislation directs the Veterans Health Administration, Veterans Service Organizations, and funeral directors to work together in the claiming and interring of deceased veterans. Unfortunately, numerous barriers prevent the effective collaboration among these stakeholders. As it stands today, these barriers are not fully understood, which is preventing an effective solution to the problem from being found. 
Project, a nonprofit service organization that was established to locate and bury unclaimed veterans’ remains, identified 100 veterans who were awaiting burial within the State of Pennsylvania over the last couple of years. Some of those veterans waited more than 20 years for a dignified, military burial. We can speculate regarding the reason for this disgrace, but we cannot know for sure without giving this issue the attention it deserves. 
1338, the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. My bill requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the claiming and interring of unclaimed veterans’ remains. The intent of the study is to confirm the scope of this problem, to uncover any barriers associated with claiming and interring veterans’ remains, and to solicit recommendations from the Department of Veterans Affairs on potential solutions. 
I would like to thank two of my constituents, Mr. Ron Metros and Mr. Lanny Golden, for working with me on this legislation. 
about this issue, Mr. Golden, a Vietnam veteran, simply replied that his brothers in arms deserve to be buried alongside those who have walked the same path. 
would like to say ‘‘thank you’’ to all of those who have served this great Nation. 
I would also like to take this time to 
and Ranking Member B ROWN for working with me. Of course, I thank the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the 98 bipartisan cosponsors of the House for their support. Also a special thanks to two people 
without whom I could not have done this. They are my military fellows. One is U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant Anna Lloyd. She helped start the process. We then finished up with Air Force Major Cheri Guikema. Both of them provided an invaluable service in putting this bill forward, and I can’t thank them enough for their help and also for their continued service to the United States military. 
stand together and show or veterans we care. None of our heroes should be forgotten, and this is a step forward in reaching that important goal. 
I have no further requests for time. I urge my colleagues to support the passing of H.R. 1338, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the Chair will note that the time previously controlled by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) will 
now be controlled by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
today in strong support of this legislation, the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. 
that the bodies of 52 veterans had remained unburied for over a year at the Los Angeles County Mortuary, located just outside of my district. Similar instances were discovered in 13 other States, demonstrating just how widespread this is. Stories of unburied veterans’ bodies are deeply unsettling and the result of gaps in burial procedure policies at the VA. It has to be addressed. Our service men and women have made immense personal sacrifices on behalf of our Nation, and it is unacceptable for their remains to be treated with such a blatant lack of respect and dignity. 
Like the gentleman from Pennsylvania and many of my colleagues in the House and Senate, I introduced legislation in an effort to solve this issue. The Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to study the burial of veterans’ unclaimed remains in national cemeteries and to report the findings of such studies to Congress. This legislation is an important step toward acknowledging and, ultimately, solving the problem. 
unanimous consent the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act, which incorporated the House legislation, and I am happy to see that the companion legislation is now being voted on in the House of Representatives, bringing it one step closer to the President’s signature. 
of our veterans in both life and death, and it is crucial that we follow through on it. I encourage my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to vote in support of the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his work on this issue and the gentleman from Florida for his continued efforts as the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee chairman. 
Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1338, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1384) to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS AS VETERANS. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 107 the following new section: 
1223 of title 10 to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonregular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 107 the following new item: 
No person may receive any benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs solely by reason of section 107A 
of title 38, United States Code, as added by 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) and the 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1384. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
1384, the Honor America’s GuardReserve Retirees Act, which was introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ). 
vital to our Nation’s defense. These brave men and women enlist while knowing they can be deployed with little notice, just like America’s Active Duty servicemembers. 
of National Guard and Reserve personnel to our national security, Members may be surprised to learn that many of the men and women who served in the National Guard or Reserve for 20 years may not legally be 
considered ‘‘veterans’’ if they were never called up for Active Duty. This is not fair to these brave men and women who have demonstrated their patriotism through their willingness to wear the uniform and defend our Nation whenever and wherever they are needed. 
H.R. 1384 would not provide any monetary benefit. It would simply honor the service and sacrifice of retired National Guard and Reserve personnel by giving them the prestigious title of ‘‘veteran’’—in my opinion, the most prestigious title that Congress can bestow. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
legislation introduced by my friend and colleague from Minnesota, TIMWALZ. 
As a retired guardsman himself and as the highest ranking enlisted soldier to serve in Congress, I know this bill is near and dear to his heart. 
Retirees Act closes a longexisting gap. Federal law has neglected to acknowledge our guardsmen and women and reservists who have served fewer than 180 days of Active Duty service as ‘‘veterans.’’ This law would remedy this longstanding oversight by legally recognizing Guard and Reserve retirees as American veterans. Our military is more dependent on 
Reserve components than they have been since the dawn of modern warfare. These are men and women who have stood ready and trained to serve our Nation at war. They have served a dedicated 20 years of service. At the very least, we should acknowledge the dedication of these servicemembers by legally recognizing them as American veterans. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ). 
Mr. WALZ. I thank the subcommittee chairman and the ranking member for the time. More importantly, I thank both of them and their respective staffs for the bipartisan and continuously exceptional effort to serve our veterans. I thank them for the opportunity to move this forward. 
House multiple times over the last 8 years. It is very simple. It is less than 150 words, and it is very rare in that it costs nothing, but I would argue that it is very important. The men and women of the Reserve component, as you so eloquently heard by my colleagues who spoke prior, take the exact same oath of office and are held to the exact same standards as the Active component. They sacrifice their time and energy. They stand at the ready if called upon, whether it is assisting flood victims in Minnesota, fighting wildfires across the Western United States, or fighting overseas in the protection of our freedoms. 
years or more in the Guard or Reserve but who have not served a qualifying period of Title X Active Duty, we honor their service with health care benefits and monetary benefits, with one notable exception—they must call themselves ‘‘military retirees’’ and not ‘‘veterans.’’ As the gentleman from Pennsylvania noted, I think most Americans, when I talk to them, are unaware of this. Once they find out, they are appalled that we don’t do it. This bill closes the loophole. 
who fall into this category. They have devoted their lives to our Nation—they have served honorably for 20 or 20plus years—and this bill will recognize their service. It might be as simple as buying a hat that reads ‘‘Army veteran’’ or getting a license place for your car. It bestows no monetary benefits to these brave men and women, merely the title. Again, my colleague from Pennsylvania, I think, said it right in that it is a pretty important title—a veteran of the United States military. 
It also does something else very important. In doing so, we recognize the integral role our National Guard and 
Reserve play in our Nation’s defense. There is nothing quite so unifying or quintessentially American as the citizen soldier. Dating back to the founding of our Nation or serving overseas at a time of fighting terrorism, it is the mother who leaves her family and her law firm to serve her Nation, and it is the father who leaves his teaching job and his family to serve his Nation. 
Volunteer Force would be unsustainable if it were not for the men and women who dedicated 20 years of their lives. And one of the most important things they did, most of those are cold war warriors who were responsible for the training of the current force that protects us. 
ranking member again for their commitment to our veterans. 
heels of Veterans Day here—to add these 280,000. Let’s do what is right. Let’s call them veterans and honor their service. 
I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 1384. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I also urge Members to support H.R. 1384. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 599) to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
2707 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that such extension for that State is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the continued participation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the participation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an additional State that 
applies to be added to the demonstration project, prior to the State making a final election to participate in the project. 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public recommendations based on an evaluation of the demonstration project, including the use of appropriate quality measures, regarding— 
should be permanently continued after December 31, 2019, in 1 or more States; and 
The Secretary shall not permanently continue the demonstration project in any State after December 31, 2019, or expand the demonstration project to any additional State after December 31, 2019, unless Congress enacts a law approving either or both such actions and the law includes provisions that— 
in the project complies with budget neutrality requirements; and 
‘‘(ii) require the Secretary to treat any expenditures of a State participating in the demonstration project that are excess of the expenditures projected under the budget neutrality standard for the State as an overpayment under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
of amounts available in the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management account, $100,000 shall be available to carry out this subsection and shall remain available until expended.’’. 
2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
ANDREPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘, R EPORT , ANDRECOMMENDATIONS ’’. 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
extends and expands the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. 
A longstanding policy under Medicaid, called the institutions for mental diseases, IMD, exclusion, prohibits the Federal Government from providing Federal Medicaid matching funds to States for services rendered to Medicaideligible individuals aged 21 to 64 who are patients in IMDs. IMDs are inpatient facilities with more than 16 beds that primarily treat people with mental health and substance abuse disorders. The original IMD exclusion is consistent with the goal of treating severe mental illness in the least restrictive setting feasible. 
The IMD exclusion provided an incentive to shift the cost of care for mental illness to other care modalities and facilities where Medicaid matching funds were available. However, since the IMD exclusion was included with the creation of the Medicaid program in 1965, our mental healthcare system and overall healthcare system have evolved notably. 
In recent years, we have seen a significant decrease in the number of publicly funded inpatient psychiatric beds available for emergency services. This has contributed to patients in need of critical mental health services facing psychiatric boarding in general hospital emergency departments. 
individual with a mental health condition is kept in a hospital emergency department for several hours or admitted to medical wards or skilled nursing facilities without psychiatric expertise because appropriate mental health services were unavailable. This leads to potential serious consequences for psychiatric patients and unnecessary hospital costs. 
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act authorized a 3year demonstration program to study the effects of allowing Federal Medicaid matching funds to pay for emergency psychiatric treatment for adults that is otherwise prohibited by the Medicaid IMD exclusion. The demonstration was funded with $75 million in FY 2011, and these funds were available for obligation through December 31, 2015. The HHS Secretary selected 11 States 
and the District of Columbia to participate in the demonstration program in March of 2012, and the demonstration program began July 1, 2012. Due to significant State interest, patient need, and other factors, the demonstration project exhausted its Federal funding in April and was forced to terminate early. 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration for States already participating in the demonstration through September 30, 2016, if the chief actuary of CMS certifies that this extension would not increase net Medicaid spending. 
than September 30, 2016, the HHS Secretary report to Congress on whether the demonstration should be continued after such date and whether the demonstration should be expanded to additional States. If the chief actuary of CMS certifies that this extension would not increase net Medicaid spending, then the demonstration may continue not beyond 2019. 
the President’s healthcare law, S. 599 would let States and CMS continue to test the provision of critical mental health services for patients in a manner that is responsible for the Federal budget. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
599, the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. 
This legislation, sponsored by Senator BENCARDIN and championed in 
the House by Representative J OHNSARBANES , will extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration protect. Since the creation of Medicaid 50 years ago, the program has excluded payment for institutions for mental diseases, IMDs, a designation that includes most residential treatment facilities for mental health and substance use disorders with more than 16 beds. 
The original IMD exclusion is consistent with the goal of treating severe mental illness in the least restrictive setting possible. However, there have been some unintended consequences of this longstanding policy. States have an incentive to shift the cost of treating mental illness to other care settings where Medicaid matching funds are available. This contributed to a decrease in the number of publicly funded beds available for inpatient psychiatric emergency services. It also contributed to a rise in psychiatric boarding and recidivism in hospital emergency departments. 
To develop data on whether modifying an IMD exclusion can improve health care for mental illness, the Affordable Care Act authorized $75 million over 3 years for the Medicare emergency psychiatric demonstration project. Administered by the CMS Innovation Center, the initiative aims to test whether the Medicaid program could provide higher quality care at a lower total cost by reimbursing private psychiatric hospitals for emergency care otherwise prohibited by the Medicaid IMD exclusion. The demonstration project is currently operating in 11 States and the District of Columbia. 
This legislation extends the demonstration in a budgetneutral manner so that the Secretary of Health and Human Services can complete an evaluation and make an informed recommendation regarding its continuation and expansion. 
role in covering treatment for individuals with mental illness. S. 599 holds promise for improving access to quality psychiatric care for this underserved and vulnerable population and the overall success of our mental healthcare system. 
599, and I thank the sponsors for their commitment to this important issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), a prime sponsor of 
the House companion bill and a member of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of S. 599, the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. The bill is the companion to H.R. 3681, which I proudly introduced with my colleague, Congressman SARBANES from Maryland. 
am pleased that this meaningful mental health reform will head to the President’s desk. Fortunately, this bipartisan, bicameral, and commonsense legislation is a great step toward enacting meaningful reforms to an incredibly challenging system. 
private psychiatric institutions or institutions for mental diseases for the services provided to Medicaid enrollees aged 21 to 64. Yet often serious mental illness manifests itself in those in their twenties, and they are not allowed to go with a severe psychiatric break to a psychiatric hospital. 
ERs; and our ERs are already overburdened. Many of them often lack the resources and sometimes the expertise to deal with people who are suffering from a true mental crisis. When they find themselves in the ERs, it is not uncommon for them to have to sit for hours and for far too long while they are suffering. 
This commonsense legislation extends the existing demonstration grant that lifts the IMD exclusion and will allow these important psychiatric clinics to receive Medicaid reimbursement 
term direct care in psychiatric hospitals when they need it most. 
of this legislation that allows people to get the treatment that they need. As a lawyer, I have dealt with people who have been in a psychiatric crisis. Many of us have family members who have dealt with a psychiatric crisis. They need the help from the right experts at the right time. 
this in the House, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ). He is also a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a member of our Health Subcommittee. I personally appreciate his commitment to mental health. 
thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on the Health Subcommittee and on the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. I thank Representative BROOKS of Indiana for her support 
of this measure and certainly welcome the fact that this is a bipartisan piece of legislation. 
extend a demonstration project, as indicated, that ends the Federal prohibition on Medicaid matching payments to community psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases. This demonstration project allows individuals with severe mental illness who are a threat to themselves or to others, including those with substance abuse disorders who have experienced overdoses, to get emergency inpatient treatment. 
There has been a longstanding Medicaid provision, dating back to 1965, called the institutions for mental diseases, IMD, exclusion. Under that, the Federal Government is prohibited from providing Medicaid matching funds and reimbursement for the care of eligible individuals aged 21 to 64 if that care is provided in an inpatient facility that primarily treats people with mental health and substance abuse disorders and if that facility has more than 16 beds. 
exclusion has been to decrease the number of inpatient psychiatric beds that are available for emergency services. It has also been cited by the Government Accountability Office as a factor in emergency department overcrowding, which Congresswoman BROOKS just indicated. 
Communitybased psychiatric hospitals could help relieve these backups and provide muchneeded emergency psychiatric care, but these hospitals cannot receive Federal matching payments for these services. 
which expanded the number of emergency inpatient psychiatric beds available in communities by allowing Federal Medicaid matching payments to freestanding psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases. 
State of Maryland, are participating in this demonstration, and the preliminary data is very promising. Of the total number of Medicaid beneficiaries admitted to these communitybased psychiatric hospitals, fully 84 percent had just one admission during the entire first year of the demonstration. The average length of stay was only 8.2 days, and in 88 percent of the admissions, the beneficiaries were discharged to their homes or to selfcare. 
end on December 31, 2015, but the final evaluation of the project is not expected to be completed until a year later. 
would build upon the success of the current demonstration project, which 
is providing timely and costeffective care. It would also extend the current demonstration project by 1 year. 
certifying that the extension is not projected to result in an increase in net Medicaid program spending, and it would allow the Secretary of HHS to extend the demonstration project for an additional 3 years, provided that the requirements regarding Medicaid spending are met. 
the Senate by unanimous consent. While I am a little bit disappointed that a very small change was made that is going to require it to go back to the Senate for reconsideration, I am confident that it will be supported there again with Senator CARDIN ’s 
I urge support of this bipartisan effort to extend a demonstration project that allows individuals with severe mental illness and substance abuse disorders to get emergency inpatient treatment at community psychiatric hospitals. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ), who is also a member of 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce, a member of the Subcommittee on Health, and, again, a champion of mental health. 
today in support of the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. 
mental healthcare system, it is critical that we build upon programs that provide resources to underserved and vulnerable populations at all points along the spectrum of care. Today, with the passage of this bill, 
we have the opportunity to extend the vital Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. This demonstration project, which recently expired, ensures greater access to essential emergency psychiatric care for Medicaid patients. 
hospitals across our Nation will be able to provide community members in need with inpatient psychiatric beds. 
County, this demonstration project has provided great benefits to our system of care. MediCal beneficiaries have greater access to mental health services, and there has been a reduction in readmission rates at local hospitals. 
In fact, by the final year of the 3year 
demonstration project, the number of individuals rehospitalized within 30 days of their initial stay decreased by 20 percent in Sacramento County. 
The project has improved coordination of care for mental health patients by streamlining planning efforts between inpatient and outpatient providers. In addition, Sacramento County has been able to reinvest savings generated by the project into programs that build greater community alternatives for patients identified as high utilizers of inpatient and emergency departments. 
a community mental health system in California that is better able to focus on the whole spectrum of care for underserved patients, from prevention to treatment to the crisis stage. 
to improve the mental health system, but we must not reverse our significant progress by failing to renew this demonstration project. 
on S. 599, the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of extending and expanding the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act, which has already passed the Senate and for which identical legislation, H.R. 3681 has been introduced in the House with bipartisan support. 
appropriate, the Medicaid Emergency Psychiatric Demonstration that was created by the Affordable Care Act. 
on process, I must mention that I am not pleased that this legislation did not go through regular order here in the House as it should have, and as it did in the Senate. I also do not support a change made to require the $100,000 in administrative costs in the bill to come out of unobligated funds at CMS. To delay this legislation, slow it down even further and force the Senate to reconsider the bill for a one word change and an amount of money 
that is less than the annual salary of any 
Member of Congress is a waste of time. However, despite these reservations, I support this legislation moving forward. 
socalled ‘‘Institutions of Mental Disease’’, or IMDs, have been prohibited by statute from receiving federal Medicaid matching funds for inpatient treatment provided to adults ages 21 to 64. This prohibition was rooted in the desirability of communitybased care as an alternative to mass institutionalization of the mentally ill, often in horrific conditions. 
grown and changed, there has been increasing concern about the perverse incentives created by the wholesale exclusion of IMDs from treatment for Medicaid beneficiaries; for instance, frequent boarding of psychiatric patients in emergency rooms and nonpsychiatric beds of general hospitals has been reported to occur when specialized inpatient psychiatric beds are not available. 
over and we can never go back to those days—at the same time, socalled ‘‘boarding’’ of the seriously mentally ill in general hospitals, because the beds simply aren’t available, is not an acceptable alternative. 
Those Medicaid beneficiaries that are seriously mentally ill need the right treatment, at the right time. The demonstration project that we are extending here today allows states to test incorporation of IMD services for Medicaid beneficiaries in a way that insures other communitybased services do not suffer. This legislation, which also aligns with CMS’s recent proposal to allow for shortterm IMD stays in Medicaid managed care plans, is the appropriate way to responsibly address the Medicaid IMD exclusion. 
project thus far, and we can still learn more from it, which is exactly why this demonstration project must be extended and as appropriate, expanded. This legislation will allow the Secretary to do just that, and I urge my colleagues to support its swift passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 599, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 799) to address problems related to prenatal opioid use. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a review of planning and coordination related to prenatal opioid use, including neonatal abstinence syndrome, within the agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
efforts related to education about, and prevention of, neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
Federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal organizations (as defined in the Indian Self Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), and nongovernmental entities, including organizations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facilities, and other entities, as appropriate. 
research with respect to the prevention, identification, treatment, and longterm outcomes of neonatal abstinence syndrome, including the identification and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or have opioid use 
opioid use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women; 
opioid use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
system to respond to, and treat, pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants affected by such disorders; 
use disorders in pregnant women between demographic groups; and 
women of reproductive age, including pregnant women, who may be at risk of developing opioid use disorders; and 
Tribes in collecting information on neonatal abstinence syndrome through the utilization of existing surveillance systems and collaborating with States and Federally recognized Indian Tribes to improve the quality, consistency, and collection of such data; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
begins to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
addiction has risen dramatically in the United States, reaching epidemic proportions. The death rate for heroin overdose doubled in just 2 years from 2010 to 2012. 
epidemic is neonatal abstinence syndrome, known as NAS. Babies born with NAS are infants that are addicted to opioids and that suffer medical issues associated with drug withdrawal. Symptoms can last for weeks, keeping otherwise healthy infants confined to the hospital at the start of their lives. 
NAS can result from the use of prescription drugs or from the use of illegal opioids. Sadly, over the past 15 years, the incidence of NAS has tripled in the United States. This is a rapidly growing problem that needs to be addressed for the safety of our mothers and children. 
2015, introduced in the Senate by Majority Leader MCCONNELL and led in 
would address the increasing problem of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
Preventing opioid abuse among pregnant women and women of childbearing age is crucial in addressing NAS. The Government Accountability Office has identified that more research is needed in this area to help treat babies born with NAS and mothers addicted to opioids. 
research gap by directing the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, AHRQ, to conduct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 799 was approved by a voice vote in the Subcommittee on Health and the full Committee on Energy and Commerce. Today we have a chance to approve this important bipartisan and bicameral legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
799, Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. This legislation, sponsored by Senator MITCH MCCONNELL and championed in 
the House by Representative K ATHERINE CLARK , would help combat prenatal opioid abuse epidemic. 
Prevention, CDC, has found drug overdose to be the leading cause of injury death in the United States and declared prescription drug abuse to be an epidemic. 
is strongly associated with neonatal complications. According to a recent study in the New England Journal of Medicine, the incidence rate of neonatal abstinence syndrome, NAS, quadrupled from 2004 to 2013, a fourfold increase in less than a decade. 
occur in newborns who have been exposed to opioids while in the womb. The symptoms are often severe. 
Newborns with NAS require specialized care, typically in a neonatal intensive care unit. 
Accountability Office, the GAO, released a report entitled ‘‘Prenatal Drug Use and Newborn Health: Federal Efforts Need Better Planning and Coordination.’’ The report identified a number of different research gaps in the treatment of opioid use during pregnancy and in the treatment of infants with NAS. 
opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. Addressing these issues is a critical part of our effort to fight the ongoing prescription drug abuse epidemic. 
The legislation will facilitate the development and recommendations for 
the treatment of prenatal opioid abuse and NAS and coordinate a national strategy to close research program gaps. It will also require CDC to help States improve data collection and surveillance activities related to prenatal opioid abuse and NAS. 
799, the Protecting Our Infants Act, and I thank the sponsors for their commitment to this important issue. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS), a leader on this issue. 
Speaker, every day in hospitals across my district and the country, tragically, babies begin their lives suffering through drug withdrawal because they were exposed during pregnancy. 
have skyrocketed. NAS is a nationwide crisis. The Protecting Our Infants Act addresses the many gaps in the care and treatment of NAS babies. 
Today, in a facility in my hometown that I helped start, Lily’s Place is caring for 10—10—babies suffering the ravages of withdrawal. 
regulatory burdens and certification limitations just to do what is right for our most innocent. The gaps in care are real and so are the obstacles treating NAS babies. 
consider new models of care, like Lily’s Place, for our NAS babies. 
for helping to give every child a chance at a healthy start in life. 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), the House Democratic sponsor. 
Speaker, today 58 babies, 1 baby every 25 minutes, will be born suffering from the same pain adults describe as the worst pain of their lives, the pain of drug withdrawal. Over the last decade, the number of 
infants born experiencing withdrawal from powerful drugs has grown nearly fivefold. It is a condition called neonatal abstinence syndrome. It results from prenatal exposure to opioids like heroin and prescription painkillers. In States like Massachusetts, we are seeing this happen at a rate three times the national average. 
the costs associated with NAS births are staggering. They are five times more expensive than healthy births, totaling $1.5 billion for hospitals in 2012, with 80 percent being paid by Medicaid. 
But despite the best efforts of doctors, nurses, and others, there is no coordinated response to this crisis. There are no clear best practices for treating these infants, and more research is needed to help understand the problem. That is why I have worked with my colleagues, researchers, doctors, and advocates to introduce the Protecting Our Infants Act, the first Federal bill to take proactive steps in addressing 
We were able to pass this bill in the 
House in September, thanks to the help of my partner on this bill, Representative STEVE STIVERS . A slightly modified version was passed a few weeks ago, due to the hard work of our Senate sponsors, Majority Leader MCCONNELL and Senator C ASEY . With broad 
support in both Chambers, this is an opportunity for Congress to make a difference for moms and babies suffering because of the opioid epidemic. 
require the Department of Health and Human Services to develop recommendations to prevent and treat prenatal opioid abuse and NAS, and to develop a strategy in the Department to coordinate programs and research. This will help ease the suffering of the smallest victims of the opioid crisis. It will help hospitals and Medicaid save money, and ease the burden on doctors and nurses that are overwhelmed by this problem. 
political. It is just good policy. I thank my Republican partner in the House, STEVE STIVERS , for his leadership in 
help the thousands of babies and mothers who are fighting this epidemic, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bipartisan Protecting Our Infants Act and send this legislation to the President for his signature. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 799—the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. This legislation addresses a sad reality of our country’s opioid epidemic: prenatal 
opioid abuse and the steep increase in the incidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome or NAS. 
to opiates while in their mother’s womb and is associated with negative health outcomes such as preterm births, low birthweight, and respiratory distress. A recent study found the incidence of NAS quadrupled between 2004 and 2013. This legislation would respond to that dramatic increase by requiring HHS to create a comprehensive national strategy to address prenatal opioid abuse and NAS. That strategy would include a coordinated research and programming strategy to address the public health challenge of NAS and prenatal opioid abuse as well as develop a comprehensive set of recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid use disorders and NAS. 
her leadership on this critical and timely issue. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2583) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the procedures followed by the Federal Communications Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of the enactment of the Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking proceeding and adopt procedural changes to its rules to maximize opportunities for public participation and efficient decisionmaking. 
comment and reply comment, subject to a determination by the Commission that good cause exists for departing from such minimum comment periods, for— 
of comments, ex parte communications, and data or reports (including statistical reports and reports to Congress) submitted after the comment period to ensure that the public has adequate notice of and opportunity to respond to such submissions before the Commission relies on such submissions in any order, decision, report, or action; 
than 14 days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year (or more frequently, as the Commission considers appropriate), publishing on the Internet website of the Commission and submitting to Congress a report that contains— 
‘‘(ii) for the petitions, applications, complaints, and other requests for action by the Commission that were pending at the Commission on the last day of such quarter (or more frequent period, as the case may be)— 
down by the bureau primarily responsible for action and, for each bureau, the type of request (such as a petition, application, or complaint); and 
‘‘(iii) a list of the congressional investigations of the Commission that were pending on the last day of such quarter (or more frequent period, as the case may be) and the cost of such investigations, individually and in the aggregate; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a petition for rulemaking under section 1.401 of such title, issuing a public notice of such petition; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a petition for reconsideration under section 1.106 or 1.429 of such title or an application for review under section 1.115 of such title, issuing a public notice of a decision on the petition or application by the Commission or under delegated authority (as the case may be); 
date of filing) for the disposition of petitions filed under section 1.2 of such title; 
of the specific language of the proposed rule or the proposed amendment of an existing rule in a notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
activity to contain performance measures for evaluating the effectiveness of the program activity; and 
the effectiveness of the program activity as changed (or proposed to be changed); or 
the date of the enactment of the Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015, the Commission shall complete an inquiry to seek public comment on whether and how the Commission should— 
Commissioners of a reasonable number of options available to the Commission for resolving a petition, complaint, application, rulemaking, or other proceeding; 
the text of agenda items to be voted on at an open meeting in advance of such meeting so that the public has the opportunity to read the text before a vote is taken; 
date of filing) for disposition of applications for a license under section 1.913 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations; 
or action not later than 30 days after the date of the adoption of such order, decision, report, or action. 
The Commission shall develop a performance measure or proposed performance measure required by this subsection to rely, where possible, on data already collected by the Commission. 
552b of title 5, United States Code, a bipartisan majority of Commissioners may hold a meeting that is closed to the public to discuss official business if— 
is a Commissioner, an employee of the Commission, a member of a joint board or conference established under section 410, or a person on the staff of such a joint board or conference or of a member of such a joint board or conference; and 
Counsel of the Commission is present at such meeting. 
shall provide direct access from the homepage of its website to— 
FCC P OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The chairman of the Commission shall— 
Commission any policies or procedures of the Commission that— 
48 hours after the chairman makes changes to any such policies or procedures. 
completed to comply with any deadline under any other provision of law. 
rule establish procedures for redacting documents required to be published by this section so that the published versions of such documents do not contain— 
would be detrimental to national security, homeland security, law enforcement, or public safety; or 
Commission shall take additional steps to inform the public about its performance and efficiency in meeting the disclosure and other requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), including by doing the following: 
website the Commission’s logs for tracking, responding to, and managing requests submitted under such section, including the Commission’s fee estimates, fee categories, and fee request determinations. 
made by the Commission (including decisions made by the Commission’s Bureaus and Offices) granting or denying requests filed under such section, including any such decisions pertaining to the estimate and application of fees assessed under such section. 
website electronic copies of documents released under such section. 
Commission’s handling of requests under such section in the Commission’s annual budget estimates submitted to Congress and the Commission’s annual performance and financial reports. Such information shall include the number of requests under such section the Commission received in the most recent fiscal year, the number of such requests granted and denied, a comparison of the Commission’s processing of such requests over at least the previous 3 fiscal years, and a comparison of the Commission’s results with the most recent average for the United States Government as published on www.foia.gov. 
than January 15th of each year, the Commission shall identify, catalog, and publish an anticipated release schedule for all statistical reports and reports to Congress that are regularly or intermittently released by the Commission and will be released during such year. 
such period, the average time between initiation and resolution and the percentage for which each applicable deadline or guideline established under such subsection was met; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such proceedings pending on the last day of such period; and 
days after the last day of the period covered by such report. 
includes, when used with respect to an existing rule, the deletion of such rule. 
which any Commissioner is a member, at least 1 Commissioner who is a member of such political party, and, if any Commissioner has no political party affiliation, at least one unaffiliated Commissioner. 
‘performance measure’ means an objective and quantifiable outcome measure or output measure (as such terms are defined in section 1115 of title 31, United States Code). 
such section 13 shall apply beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
in such section 13, the Federal Communications Commission shall promulgate any rules necessary to carry out such section not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
In compiling its quarterly report with respect to informal consumer inquiries and complaints, the Federal Communications Commission may not categorize an inquiry or complaint with respect to section 227 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227) as being a wireline inquiry or complaint or a wireless inquiry or complaint unless the party whose conduct is the subject of the inquiry or complaint is a wireline carrier or a wireless carrier, respectively. 
made by this Act shall relieve the Federal Communications Commission from any obligations under title 5, United States Code, except where otherwise expressly provided. 
3998) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall submit to Congress a report on— 
to improve the participation of small businesses in the proceedings of the Commission; and 
that the Commission considers appropriate to improve such participation. 
budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
years that a variation of the FCC Process Reform Act has come to the floor for a vote. This is a sign of how seriously in need of reform the FCC’s procedures are and how seriously I, and 
the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, take the responsibility of helping put these reforms in place. 
multiyear, bipartisan legislative process, bringing us to a place where we can at least begin to create a framework for more transparent and predictable rulemakings at the Federal Communications Commission. 
have shown such high levels of innovation and investment as the communications and technology sector. Think of the developments in smartphones alone over the past few years, Mr. Speaker. The only way to guarantee that this continues is to make sure that the agency that regulates the industry is accountable and transparent so that the regulatory tangles do not impede the steady march of new and exciting innovations and offerings. 
The Subcommittee on Communications and Technology has spent a great deal of time on agency reform. In fact, tomorrow we will have the entire FCC before our committee once again. We have come to a consensus on how we can best improve the processes at the Federal Communications Commission without tying the agency’s hands unnecessarily. It has been a focus of our work. 
that the FCC undertake a rulemaking to adopt minimum time periods for comments and to adopt rules that prevent the introduction of large amounts of data—we call those data dumps, where enormous amounts of information come in at the last minute and nobody has a chance to understand what is in it or comment effectively on it, sometimes even catching commissioners by surprise—at the very end of a comment period. 
into place specific deadlines and timeframes for agency decisions or action on different types of filings before the agency. I know all too well what those deadlines and delays can be. My wife and I were broadcasters for more than two decades. We actually had applications sit at the FCC for nearly 10 years without any action. Finally, they were acted upon, and we were given 30 days to implement them. This isn’t acceptable. There must be predictability and certainty for those who rely on the FCC to make decisions central to their businesses. 
FCC must also conduct an inquiry into more complex issues, giving them flexibility in deciding whether and how to implement the reforms. We aren’t looking to, again, hamstring this agency. We simply are providing them with goals and allowing them to determine the best way to achieve them. That is our job as the oversight committee over an agency. 
Process reform is not about the actions of one party and it is not about the actions of one chairman. This is 
about putting rules into place that will carry over from one administration to the next, one party to the next, one chairman to the next, creating consistency and certainty for the many that are subject to the Commission’s rules. I believe there must be some kind of accountability for our independent agencies and the decisions that they make. After all, it is the public’s business that they are conducting. 
While there is still much work needed to be done on reforming the procedures at this sometimes broken agency, this bill represents a vital first step in that process. The communications industry and, more importantly, the American people, deserve a transparent and accountable Federal agency, no matter who is in charge. 
I am proud to bring this bipartisan work to the House floor. I thank my Democratic colleague, Ranking Member PALLONE , who I know will speak on 
has been a terrific partner as we have worked on this; Representatives MATSUI, CLARKE , and L OEBSACK for their 
contributions to this bill; and staff on both sides of the aisle, David Redl, Grace Koh, Kelsey Guyselman, Gene Fullano, David Goldman, Lori Maarbjerg, and David Grossman, for their hard work. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
2583, the Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015. 
The FCC has a role in regulating industries that make up onesixth of our economy and whose services have been essential to consumers, and it is important that the FCC functions in a fast, efficient, and transparent way. 
reform a priority of his tenure, and he has made great strides in improving how the FCC functions. But it is the role of Congress to make adjustments like we are doing today. I believe that the final text of the bill we are considering today will achieve that goal, and I urge all Members to support it. 
Not all of the issues in the FCC Process Reform Act are new. In fact, the base of the bill being considered here today is very similar to the bill that passed the House under suspension by voice vote last Congress. It requires the FCC to adopt procedural rule changes to maximize public participation and to look into other potential process changes, including whether to establish deadlines for application processing. It also includes the provisions of the FCC Collaboration Act, an issue championed by Representative ESHOO , which will allow commissioners 
to freely discuss FCC issues with sufficient safeguards to protect against abuse. 
Democrats offered additional suggestions earlier this year when the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology considered this and other bills aimed at FCC process reform. The ideas of subcommittee members CLARKE , L OEBSACK , and M ATSUI  
furthered our goal to help make the FCC fast, efficient, and transparent. 
require the FCC to provide quarterly reports on pending items with the agency to ensure accountability and timely responses; two, require, the FCC to coordinate with the Small Business Administration to improve smallbusiness participation in FCC proceedings; and, third, require the FCC Chairman to publicly post the agency’s internal policies and procedures for greater transparency. 
policies offered by the Republicans and dissented from the version of the bill that was favorably reported from the Energy and Commerce Committee in June, we worked in a bipartisan manner to craft the language that we take up today. This version of the bill takes the bipartisan language from last Congress and includes most of the Democratic suggestions that improve the bill. 
Chairman W ALDEN ’s willingness to listen to our concerns and work with us to achieve a bipartisan result. It is a stronger bill because of it. 
I also want to thank Communications and Technology Subcommittee Ranking Member ANNA ESHOO for her 
leadership on these issues, as well as Representatives CLARKE , L OEBSACK , 
and M ATSUI , for their thoughtful considerations. I look forward to continuing to work with our Republican and Democratic colleagues in the Senate to help this bill become law. Again, I urge its passage. 
New Jersey and his staff for the great work on this legislation. I also meant to thank Mr. KINZINGER from Illinois as 
well, who has been very active on our subcommittee. He has done great work on this measure and some of its very important provisions. I left him out earlier today. I want to thank him as well. I also thank the staff and my colleagues. I urge passage in the House. 
fine piece of work. I think it will result in the Federal Communications Commission being even better and more transparent as it conducts the public’s business. I look forward to this bill moving on across the Chamber and to 
the Senate where, hopefully, this year they will take it up. So I ask for its approval. 
support of H.R. 2583, the Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill aimed at giving the FCC flexibility while promoting openness, transparency and accountability. 
In the 113th Congress, the House of Representatives considered and passed similar legislation by voice vote. The bill before us adds to the previously included reforms by including three legislative proposals offered during the Energy & Commerce Committee’s debate. 
would require the FCC to report quarterly to Congress and to post, on its website, data on the total number of decisions pending, categorized by bureau, the type of request, the length of time pending, as well as a list of pending Congressional investigations and their costs to the agency. 
would require the Chairman to post the Commission’s internal procedures on the FCC website and update the website when the Chairman makes any changes. 
the FCC to coordinate with the Small Business Administration and issue recommendations to improve small business participation in FCC proceedings. 
enhance transparency at the FCC without jeopardizing regulatory certainty or opening the Commission to legal challenges on every agency action. 
the FCC Collaboration Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill I introduced earlier this year with Reps. SHIMKUS and D OYLE . For years, current 
and former FCC Commissioners have called on Congress to pass ‘sunshine reform,’ so that three or more Commissioners can hold non public collaborative discussions, as long as no agency action is taken. While I remain disappointed that this provision will not take effect immediately upon enactment, I’ve concluded that any further delay in implementation is the unnecessary delay of a much needed reform. 
me and my staff to put forward a bipartisan bill and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2583. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more 
stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 51, United States Code. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’ or ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’. 
Congress that it is in the public interest to update the methodology used to calculate the maximum probable loss from claims under section 
50914 of title 51, United States Code, with a validated risk profile approach in order to consistently compute valid and reasonable maximum probable loss values. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the commercial space sector and insurance providers, shall— 
the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, and, if necessary, develop a plan to update that methodology; 
exposed to greater costs than intended and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary; and 
industry and the Government of implementing an updated methodology; and 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(iii) a contractor or subcontractor of a customer; or 
rocket design’’ and inserting ‘‘suborbital rocket or suborbital rocket design, or for a particular reusable launch vehicle or reusable launch vehicle design,’’; and 
this section notwithstanding any license issued under this chapter. The issuance of a license under this chapter may not invalidate a permit issued under this section.’’; and 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on approaches for streamlining the licensing and permitting process of launch vehicles, reentry vehicles, or components of launch or reentry vehicles, to enable nonlaunch flight operations related to space transportation. The report shall include approaches to improve efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints. The report shall also include an assessment of existing private and government infrastructure, as appropriate, in future licensing activities. 
Section 50914 is amended by adding at the end 
third party or space flight participant for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out under the license shall be the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal courts.’’. 
transferred under this chapter shall contain a provision requiring the licensee or transferee to make a reciprocal waiver of claims with applicable parties involved in launch services or reentry services under which each party to the waiver agrees to be responsible for personal injury to, death of, or property damage or loss sustained by it or its own employees resulting from an activity carried out under the applicable license. 
apply to the activities of the ISS national laboratory as described in section 504 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354), including any research or development projects utilizing the ISS national laboratory. 
Congress that an improved framework may be necessary for space traffic management of United States Government assets and United States private sector assets in outer space and orbital debris mitigation. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of Defense, shall enter into an arrangement with an independent systems engineering and technical assistance organization to study alternate frameworks for the management of space traffic and orbital activities. 
practices, and industry standards that apply to space traffic management and orbital debris mitigation. 
and orbital debris requirements under treaties and other international agreements to which the United States is a signatory, and other nonbinding international arrangements in which the United States participates, and the manner and extent to which the Federal Government complies with those requirements and arrangements. 
management associated with smallsats and any necessary Government coordination for their launch and utilization to avoid congestion of the orbital environment and improve space situational awareness. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and 
Congress that the Department of Defense plays a vital and unique role in protecting national security assets in space. 
section may be construed to affect the authority of the Secretary of Defense as it relates to safeguarding the national security. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation in concurrence with the Secretary of Defense shall— 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to discuss potential regulatory approaches, potential performance standards, or any other topic related to this subsection with the commercial space industry, including observations, findings, and recommendations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, prior to the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking. Such discussions shall not be construed to permit the Secretary to promulgate industry regulations except as otherwise provided in this section. 
31, 2016, and every 30 months thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Secretary, in consultation and coordination with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of the commercial space transportation industry in developing voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best practices to improve industry safety. 
potential to become voluntary industry consensus standards that are currently under consideration by the industry at large; 
general progress of the industry in adopting voluntary industry consensus standards; 
‘‘(iv) any lessons learned about voluntary industry consensus standards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; 
development, potential application, and acceptance of voluntary industry consensus standards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; and 
‘‘(vi) recommendations, findings, or observations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, on the progress of the industry in developing voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best practices to improve industry safety. 
December 31, 2022, an independent systems engineering and technical assistance organization or standards development organization contracted by the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives an assessment of the readiness of the commercial space industry and the Federal Government to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations. As part of the review, the contracted organization shall evaluate— 
is amended by inserting ‘‘, government astronauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’ each place it appears. 
an individual designated under Article 11 of the International Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement, by a partner to that agreement other than the United States, as qualified to serve as an International Space Station crew member. 
FUNCTIONS .—Section 20113 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
transferred by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 509 to launch a launch vehicle or to reenter a reentry vehicle carrying a government astronaut (as defined in section 50902), the Administration shall designate a government astronaut in accordance with requirements prescribed by the Administration.’’. 
section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘and any payload, crew, or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘and any payload or human being’’. 
crew training), or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant’’. 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; 
or space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’; and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants’’; and 
space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘at a site used for crew or space flight participant training’’ and inserting ‘‘at a site not owned or operated by the Federal Government or a foreign government used for crew, government astronaut, or space flight participant training’’. 
vehicle or reentry vehicle, operation of a launch site or reentry site, or other space activity the Government carries out for the Government; or 
within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle under this chapter. 
Congress that eliminating duplicative requirements and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
sector involvement in enhancing U.S. launch sites and facilities; 
property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States; and 
agency, including the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to provide consistent application of licensing requirements under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sector, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: 
a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government reentry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
decisions regarding the service life of the ISS are based on the station’s projected capability to continue providing effective and productive research and exploration test bed capabilities. 
Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351) is amended— 
503 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353) is amended— 
least September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘through at least September 30, 2024’’; and 
all necessary steps to ensure that the International Space Station remains a viable and productive facility capable of potential United States utilization through at least September 30, 2024. 
directorates, as appropriate, for technically appropriate scientific data gathering or technology risk reduction demonstrations; and 
providing research and test bed capabilities for the United States through at least September 30, 2024.’’. 
table of contents for chapter 709 is amended by amending the item relating to section 70907 to read as follows: 
property in the affected launch areas of those facilities may be subject to risks resulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code; and 
launch industry and the safety of the people and property in the affected launch areas of those facilities, States and State launch facilities should seek to take proper measures to protect themselves, to the extent of their potential liability for involvement in launch services or reentry services, and compensate third parties for possible death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, to which the State or State launch facility is involved in the launch services or reentry services. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the potential inclusion of all government property, including State and municipal property, in the existing indemnification regime established under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the use of space support vehicle services in the commercial space industry. 
on such services as part of their business models; 
extending human presence beyond lowEarth orbit and substantially benefit from the unique capabilities of the Space Launch System. 
The Administrator may plan, negotiate, or implement agreements with foreign entities for the launch of payloads for international collaborative efforts relating to science and technology using the Space Launch System. 
SPACE SHUT TLE’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM ’’; 
‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Space Launch System’ means the Space Launch System authorized under section 302 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322).’’. 
striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; and 
601 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, and annually thereafter, on— 
explanation of why each application was denied, including any information relevant to the interagency adjudication process of a licensing request; 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on statutory updates necessary to license private remote sensing space systems. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall take into account the need to protect national security while maintaining United States private sector leadership in the field, and reflect the current state of the art of remote sensing systems, instruments, or technologies. 
is amended by striking ‘‘ COMMERCIALIZATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ COMMERCE ’’. 
growth and technological advancement of the United States space commerce industry; 
in negotiations with foreign countries to promote United States space commerce; 
States geospatial technologies related to space commerce, in cooperation with relevant interagency working groups; and 
organizations working on SpaceBased Positioning Navigation, and Timing policy, including the National Coordination Office for Space Based Position, Navigation, and Timing.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Space Resource 
resource’ means a space resource found on or within a single asteroid. 
means an abiotic resource in situ in outer space. 
‘United States citizen’ has the meaning given the term ‘citizen of the United States’ in section 50902. 
commercial recovery of space resources by United States citizens; 
the date of enactment of this section, the President shall submit to Congress a report on commercial exploration for and commercial recovery of space resources by United States citizens that specifies— 
international obligations of the United States, including authorization and continuing supervision by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘A United States citizen engaged in commercial recovery of an asteroid resource or a space resource under this chapter shall be entitled to any asteroid resource or space resource obtained, including to possess, own, transport, use, and sell the asteroid resource or space resource obtained in accordance with applicable law, including the international obligations of 
It is the sense of Congress that by the enactment of this Act, the United States does not thereby assert sovereignty or sovereign or exclusive rights or jurisdiction over, or the ownership of, any celestial body. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to explore the final frontier. We are born adventurers with a spirit of freedom and curiosity unmatched in human history. And that spirit is aided by the wealth of intelligence so deep that we continue to lead the world in advancement of technology and science. 
the beaches of Kitty Hawk and Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier, they were supported by the spirit of freedom and a structure of laws that urged them to realize their dreams and change the world at the same time. 
But the work of realizing our full potential is only just beginning. We are still paying Russia $70 million every time we send one of our astronauts to the Space Station. Our commercial pioneers can and want to fulfill this role, but they need our help. 
will unite law with innovation, allowing the next generation of pioneers to experiment, learn, and succeed without being constrained by premature regulatory action. It ensures that anyone or anything impacted by flight or flight experiments are protected, and it keeps us competitive by providing much needed flexibility in permitting and licensing, facilitating an environment that allows for swift and effective improvements in safety and reliability. 
the future of space exploration. Whenever I visit the Mojave Air and Space Port, where so many of our advancements are happening, I am overwhelmed by the feeling that the future is now. Upon the firm foundation of the 
SPACE Act, I know they and others will lead us far and that our limits are only bounded by what we can imagine as we continue our journey to the stars. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
commercial space transportation industry, and I support the stated goal of the SPACE Act, to ‘‘encourage private sector investment and create more stable and predictable regulatory conditions.’’ 
emerging, it is growing, it is preparing for the 21st century and research and technology and entrepreneurship and exploration. It employs thousands of workers. 
extends the life of the International Space Station at least through 2024, giving us a springboard for a pathway to Mars. 
government astronauts as separate from crew and other spaceflight participants, recognizing the historic and unique and necessary place in the spectrum for government astronauts. 
But I must also point out my concerns that we support policies that consider the safety of those who will use the commercial services we are seeking to encourage, especially commercial human spaceflight services. 
moratorium, 8 years, on FAA’s ability to even start proposing regulations for human occupants on commercial human spaceflight systems, the so called learning period, is longer than it needs to be for an industry that, as has been described, is moving at quite a rapid pace. 
spaceflight participants, those who will buy tickets to fly on commercial and human spaceflight systems, to waive their rights to sue the launch provider and related parties for claims. 
parameters are for instances of negligence and gross negligence or malfeasance, and we needed the bill to clarify these issues. 
to establish policy on space resource mining and utilization without having vetted the range of issues associated with it and without having carried out the necessary due diligence to inform legislation that relates to our international treaty obligations with our international partners. 
Senatepassed bill, S. 1297, which includes a 5year learning period and 4 year extension of commercial launch indemnification. A formal conference would have, of course, allowed Members the opportunity to fully explore and discuss the issues that I have described and resolve most, if not all, of our differences. Unfortunately, such a 
and so we are left with a bill that I believe exceeds its risks. 
continue to support the emerging commercial space industry, though we must do so with an eye toward protecting all those who use it. 
6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the esteemed chairman of 
thank the majority leader for yielding me time. And I also want to thank the majority leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY , an 
honorary member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for sponsoring this important legislation. 
This bill encourages the private sector to launch rockets, take risks, and shoot for the stars. H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act, facilitates a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space sector. 
conditions and improves safety, which, in turn, attracts private investment. 
in space and fosters the development of advanced space technologies. 
It preserves the Federal Aviation Administration’s ability to regulate commercial human spaceflight in order to protect national security, public health, and safety. It also preserves the FAA’s ability to regulate spaceflight participants and crew safety in the event of an accident. 
The SPACE Act allows the commercial space industry to develop standards and coordinate with the FAA so the industry can grow in a stable regulatory environment without the threat of arbitrary regulations that would adversely impact their ability to innovate. 
damages that result from space accidents on the launching country. All spacefaring nations require some form of thirdparty liability insurance for launching entities. 
The current U.S. risksharing structure expires in 2016. This act extends indemnification to 2025, and this provision prevents U.S. space companies from going overseas where other nations have much more favorable liability protection. 
The SPACE Act also closes a statutory loophole that negates an experimental permit once a launch license is issued for the same vehicle design. This fosters greater innovation and allows an experimental permit holder to continue its tests while a license holder conducts operations. 
Current law only allows for two categories of individuals carried on a spacecraft: crew and spaceflight participants. Now that NASA allows other astronauts to travel to the International Space Station, a new category is necessary to outline the roles, responsibilities, and protections for astronauts on a commercial human spaceflight launch. 
carved out an exception for spaceflight participants from indemnification coverage. By including these individuals in the indemnification provision, spaceflight participants who participate in a launch as a result of a contest or for other reasons are not exposed to liability more than anyone else involved in the launch. 
involved in a launch waive claims against each other. This bill adds spaceflight participants to the cross waiver requirement to ensure consistency and reinforce the informed consent requirements. 
considered by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee are included in this legislation. These provisions establish in United States domestic law that U.S. citizens are entitled to explore, use, and take possession of space resources. They also streamline the regulatory process for commercial remote sensing and update the Office of Space Commerce. 
Numerous space companies have expressed support for this bill. They include SpaceX; Virgin Galactic; Blue Origin; World View Enterprises; XCOR Aerospace; Mojave Air and Space Port; Planetary Resources; Moon Express; Spaceport America; Spaceport Camden, Georgia; Midland Development Corporation; Masten Space Systems; the Satellite Industry Association; and the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which represents more than 50 commercial space companies across the United States. 
years of work, 14 committee hearings, multiple markups, a rule on the House floor that allowed amendments, and input from industry, education groups, and grassroots citizen advocacy groups. Virtually every space stakeholder group supports this bill. And, in fact, it passed the Senate unanimously last week. 
H.R. 2262 keeps America at the forefront of the aerospace technology, promotes American jobs, reduces red tape, promotes safety, and inspires the next generation of explorers. It provides the boost America’s private space partners need as they lead the world into the future. 
point because of the persistence, over many weeks, of very able staff members. I especially thank the Space Subcommittee Staff Director, Tom Hammond; Science Committee Senior Adviser and Legislative Director, Chris Wydler; and Chief of Staff Jennifer Brown for their work on this legislation. 
this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, nothing excites me more than to discuss and to have witnessed much of the space exploration research. 
missed opportunity to enact sensible policies. It is a bill that, if enacted, will do harm to American taxpayers, to the longterm interests of the commercial space industry itself. 
It is a bill that displays the inconsistent and contradictory approach that this Congress has taken toward this industry. On the one hand, Congress and the industry has been saying that the commercial launch industry is so mature that we are ready to send our NASA astronauts on the International Space Station as passengers on commercial spacecraft. 
today says that the industry is still so immature that the FAA shouldn’t be allowed to impose any safety regulations to protect passengers who fly on any of the commercial spacecraft until well into the next decade; this, despite the fact that our country has more than a half century of experience in 
human spaceflight, and we understand very well what is needed to maintain passenger safety. 
sense to me. NASA will insist on the insight and oversight necessary to be convinced that the vehicles its astronauts fly on will be as safe as they can be. However, with this bill, ordinary citizens who fly on commercial spacecraft won’t have any similar protections. 
I must point out that I am not talking in the abstraction. In just this past 13 months, we have witnessed three different commercial launch providers experience catastrophic failures. One of those failures resulted in the death of a test pilot. Another caused millions of dollars of damage to the launch facility. 
backdrop, I think it is unconscionable that we are here today moving this bill in its current form. 
the interests of the American taxpayer. By extending the current licensing and indemnification regime without any updating of its provisions, it shifts more and more of the thirdparty liability financial risk in the event of an accident, and we know there will be accidents, from the companies to the taxpayers. 
the financial exposure of the taxpayer grows, and that of the companies are reduced. I can think of no other industry where we are willing to have the government—and ultimately the American taxpayer—assume an increasing share of the financial risk of an industry as it matures. 
Of course, some of my majority colleagues will argue that we have to provide that preferential treatment to our domestic commercial space transportation industry because foreign governments are providing it to theirs. Yet I would note that many of those same Members rejected that same argument when it was applied to the renewal of the ExIm Bank. I guess consistency is not always seen as a virtue in this party. 
point. I opposed this bill when an earlier version passed the House. Unfortunately, negotiations with the Senate did not result in any significant improvements. 
That is not to say there are no good 
But they are outweighed by the provisions that in one way or another say that we as a Congress are concerned with protecting the interests of the commercial space transportation industry but not the safety of the Americans who will fly on their commercial spacecraft. 
Mr. Speaker, when the inevitable accident with significant loss of life occurs, whether it is 1 year from now or 5 years from now, the American public will look back at what we are doing today and ask how we could be so shortsighted. I would urge my colleagues to take a step back from this path that we are on so that we can take the time to craft legislation that will help this industry grow in a responsible manner while still protecting our citizens. 
in support of the amendment in the nature of a substitute to H.R. 2262. This bill is the result of bipartisan negotiations with our Senate colleagues over the last several months. Just last week, the Senate passed this bill unanimously. 
Science, Space, and Technology Committee has held 14 hearings on issues related to commercial space, with dozens of witnesses from government, industry, academia, and grassroots organizations. We have met with countless stakeholders and considered this bill in committee with markups, on the House floor under a rule that allowed for amendments, and successfully negotiated a bipartisan, bicameral bill with the Senate. By all measures, this is how the legislative process should work. I commend my colleagues both in this House and in the Senate on a job well done. 
That isn’t to say that this is a perfect bill, but in some instances I don’t think the bill goes quite far enough. But that is the nature of our legislative process, and the bill before us moves the ball down the field in the right direction, enabling a strong 
American commercial space industry to flourish. This bill reflects the most significant piece of legislation relating to commercial space since 1988. 
product looks remarkably similar to the bill we approved in the House, with strong bipartisan support, earlier. We were able to convince our Senate colleagues of the importance of extending the regulatory learning period beyond 5 years to 8 years; we were able to extend indemnification to 10 years as opposed to 5 years as called for in the Senate bill; and we were able to include many additional launch provisions from the original House bill. These are important provisions that will build a strong American space industry. 
I am also very pleased that the Senate agreed to include three other critical titles in this bill that were introduced and advanced by members of the committee. These include the Commercial Remote Sensing Act, sponsored by Representative BRIDENSTINE ; the Office 
of Space Commerce Act, sponsored by Representative ROHRABACHER ; and the 
Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act, sponsored by Representative POSEY . Their tireless advocacy ensured these provisions stayed in the bill. These provisions will pave the way for new industries to blossom in the United States, allowing our Nation to remain the world leader in space. We want the United States to be the place where the world comes for space. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan, bicameral agreement facilitates a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space sector and creates more stable regulatory conditions. 
None of this could have been possible without the tireless leadership of Majority Leader MCCARTHY and Chairman L AMAR SMITH, who 
sponsored the bill. Throughout the process, they helped navigate and chart a course for our private sector space community. I thank them for their leadership and recommend a yes vote on this important legislation. 
your vision in taking up H.R. 2262, the Commercial Space Launch and Competitiveness Act. Planetary Resources strongly supports H.R. 2262, as amended, and commends you for your leadership in passing this vital legislation. 
element of legal certainty regarding property rights in asteroid resources. This will help companies like ours continue to unlock private support for resource exploration in space. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to express our support for the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. We appreciate your leadership in developing this important legislation. 
Port (MAF) received its FAA license last year to operate as a commercial space launch site, also known as a spaceport. Although there are other spaceports in the United States, MAF is the only commercial service airport to have this designation. The Midland Development Corporation has been active in working closely with the City of Midland in making the spaceport successful. 
longterm vision is to have Midland serve as an important center for the world’s growing commercial space industry. Since we are still in the early stages of commercial human spaceflight, the CSLCA is needed to assist the industry in continuing to develop and move forward and we are grateful for your efforts to have this legislation enacted. 
We in Midland will continue to do all that 
we can to ensure that Texas and the United States are at the leading edge of commercial space developments. We look forward to working with you to achieve this goal. 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBER JOHNSON : Moon Express applauds the 
House and Senate negotiators for the tremendous work and effort put into crafting the bipartisan, bicameral ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act’’ (CSLCA, or H.R. 2262 as amended). This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the commercial space industry, and incentivizes further investments in innovation and the development of spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
praise on the House and Senate negotiators for Title IV of CSLCA, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’, that provides the first ever codification of rights under United States law for the private sector extraction and utilization of space resources obtained from a celestial body. This landmark legislation provides a unified vision for the growth of the private sector space resources industry and will help spur new investments into this bold new field that’s vital to America’s future competitiveness, prosperity and security. 
many other companies are applauding the Senate for supporting the creation of a stable and predictable environment for private sector development while encouraging investments into the bold new field of outer space resource exploration and utilization. This legislation protects and supports U.S. interests as private sector companies expand the economic sphere of Earth to the Moon and beyond. 
explore and utilize space resources are substantial, and Moon Express welcomes the 
CSLCA and particularly the landmark legislation of its Title IV ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’ that recognizes and promotes the rights of United States companies to engage in the exploration and extraction of space resources from the Moon and other celestial bodies. 
Express calls on Congress to quickly pass H.R. 2262 as amended, the bipartisan bill that will ensure that America remains the leader in space. 
STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of Masten Space Systems Inc., an American rocket technology company, we would like to express our sincerest thanks for your continued support in America’s continued leadership in space exploration through the development and passing of the CSLCA bill. 
and forward leaning legislation allows companies like ours to continue safely pursuing the reaches of space while we grow an American space company. Your bipartisan efforts and work with the Senate has been critical to the maturation the commercial space market. 
success with the passing of this legislation and your stanch support in keeping this country on track to remain the trailblazers in the difficult endeavors of exploring this universe. 
Chairman, Science, Space & Technology Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Technologies Corp. (SpaceX) writes to share its support for passing H.R. 2262, the U.S. 
as passed by the U.S. Senate on November 9, 2015. 
effort to update and extend key provisions of the Commercial Space Launch Act (CSLA), which governs the U.S. commercial space launch industry, including SpaceX’s operational flights with U.S. astronauts to the Space Station that are scheduled for 2017. Along with a number of beneficial changes, this bill provides an important clarification of the legal framework for flying government astronauts and extends liability and insurance protections for space flight participants. 
McCarthy, and your fellow cosponsors for leading this effort in the House. We also appreciate the hard work by Senate Commerce, Science and Technology Chairman John Thune, Ranking Member Bill Nelson, and Space, Science, and Competitiveness Subcommittee Chairman Ted Cruz and Ranking Member Gary Peters and the Senate cosponsors who contributed to this thoughtful legislation. 
We hope H.R. 2262 passes the U.S. House of 
Representatives and is quickly signed into law. Again, thank you and your colleagues for working together on this significant legislation. 
Subject: H.R. 2262; Support for passage Hon. CHAIRMAN SMITH, 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. 
support of H.R. 2262 and requests all Members of the United States House of Representatives to join in unanimous support by voting to pass this landmark legislation. H.R. 2262 moves America away from dependence on competitive countries for our space ambitions and returns America to the forefront of space exploration and exploitation. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, your personal involvement in this effort made a difference and we cannot thank you enough. Please extend our wishes to all Members of Congress and call upon us anytime as we all work together in a collective effort to return America to greatness. 
incredible demonstration of technical and political leadership for our industry! 
support of H.R. 2262 and requests all Members of the United States House of Representatives to join in unanimous support by voting to pass this landmark legislation. H.R. 2262 moves America away from dependence on competitive countries for our space ambitions and returns America to the forefront of space exploration and exploitation. Your leadership on creating and moving H.R. 2262 through the legislative process will likely have the most impact on our industry since the original bill of 1984. 
in our industry continues to make a difference and we cannot thank you enough. Please extend our wishes to all Members of Congress and call upon us anytime as we all work together in a collective effort to return America to greatness. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBER JOHNSON : I am writing to offer Virgin 
Galactic’s strong support for H.R. 2262, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. This legislation addresses many of the policy hurdles facing the private space sector since the most recent update of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act in 2004, and creates a regulatory environment that continues to support the national objective of expanding human spaceflight. 
seen incredible growth in the past few years, as we strive to make access to space ever more safe, reliable, and routine. With the passage of this bill, the industry can continue to innovate and develop the technologies that will take us to the edge of space and beyond. Virgin Galactic thanks you, your staff, and your colleagues on the Committee for your hard work on this legislation, and we look forward to continued collaboration in the future. 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, 
CHAIRMAN SMITH: Blue Origin strongly supports the Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act (H.R. 2262 as amended) and thanks you both for your steadfast support and efforts leading to the passage of this bill through the House of Representatives. Since its original enactment in 1984 this legislation has shaped the commercial space transportation industry, and this reauthorization paves the way for continued growth and advancement by companies like Blue Origin. This bipartisan bill enables companies like ours to increase the safety of spaceflight while opening the horizons of space to everyone. The expanded protections for spaceflight participants and opportunities for expansion in new commercial space applications guarantees a promising future for 
this industry. We also applaud the leadership and support of Chairman Brian Babin, and Representatives Steven Palazzo, Jim Bridenstine, Randy Hultgren, Steve Knight, Frank Lucas, Michael McCaul, John Moolenaar, Bill Posey, Dana Rohrabacher and Randy Weber, for their cosponsorship of this important legislation. 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Chairman LAMAR SMITH, 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. 
a proposed spaceport along the south Georgia Coast, is fully supportive of the passage by the House of Representatives of the Commercial Space Launch Act, as recently amended by House and Senate actions. 
We note that the CSLA was last updated in 
2004, and that initial action created a regulatory framework for commercial human spaceflight that resulted in a wave of investment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. Since 2004, there has been numerous successful companies formed (or expanded), citizens employed, revenues generated and significant private risk capital committed and spent to develop new approaches to space technology, utilization, services, and economic development. These developments have also captured the country’s attention and spurred a renewed emphasis on the pursuit of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) studies by students from 5–85 years young. 
the House sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the space transportation industry, while enabling rapid advances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes investments in new commercial space applications, promising future spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. The bill facilitates a progrowth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging continued and 
enhanced private sector investment, creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and improving safety. 
We encourage the full House to vote in the 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ). 
am fully convinced of the potential economic growth and innovation the commercial space industry represents. We already rely on commercial space for so much, and in the coming years, we will see this industry continuing to expand worldwide Internet coverage, advanced communication architectures, remote sensing and weather architectures, affordable access to space for science and commerce, permanent habitats in space, utilization of space resources, and the list goes on. 
We must make sure that we as members of Congress do not do anything that could stifle this worldchanging industry. That is why the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act is crucial. The most important aspect of this legislation is the extension of the socalled learning period or moratorium on regulations for commercial human spaceflight. We need a learning period so we can eventually create a regulatory environment based on real data, not just speculation. 
The bill also extends launch indemnification to keep American space companies competitive against international companies, clarifies that a launch license and experimental permit can be issued for the same design, and enables private companies to explore and mine celestial resources by incorporating the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015 introduced by my friends BILLPOSEY and 
provisions will go a long way toward encouraging a continued growth of the commercial space industry. 
I would also like to address a few provisions of this bill that I worked to include myself, and I am pleased that we were able to keep them as the Senate worked to keep them in the final bill. 
GAO report to capture the role of space support vehicles in the commercial space industry, regulatory and statutory barriers to the services these vehicles offer, and recommendations for updates that will address these barriers. People will need to be trained to fly, and vehicle designs will not remain static, which is why this provision is so important. This section will help us address situations that will become more prevalent as the commercial space industry continues to expand and diversify. 
Additionally, title II of this bill incorporates H.R. 2261, the Commercial Remote Sensing Act, bipartisan legislation I introduced with my friend 
title sets metrics to give Congress a full picture of the workload facing the Department of Commerce when licensing remotesensing activities and what issues are preventing them from meeting statutory deadlines. Title II also recognizes the importance of seeking input from the Advisory Committee for Commercial Remote Sensing, which is largely made up of industry representatives. This legislation will be crucial as industry expands beyond traditional remotesensing satellites and activities and as Congress looks to update the statutes governing these activities for the first time since the 1990s. 
like to thank the majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , the sponsor of this legislation, and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee chairman, Mr. SMITH, for their continued leadership 
important to the future of American leadership, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bill. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
of the historic U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. This legislation continues to lay the groundwork for a vibrant commercial space industry in the United States of America. 
leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY , and Chairman L AMAR SMITH for all their work on 
Spaceport America’s strong endorsement of H.R. 2262, as amended, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. 
This bill represents one of the most significant modernizations of commercial space policy and regulatory legislation since the original Commercial Space Launch (CSLA) was enacted in 1984. The CSLA was last updated in 2004, creating a regulatory framework for commercial human spaceffight that resulted in a wave of investment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the space transportation industry, while enabling rapid advances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes investments in new commercial space applications, promising future spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
This bill is a fair and equitable compromise that resulted from months of hard work and negotiations among Republicans 
and Democrats in the House and Senate to harmonize language from the Housepassed SPACE Act of 2015 with provisions from S. 1297, the Senate’s commercial space legislation. It reflects your shared vision for commercial spaceflight, while addressing issues raised by Democratic leaders during deliberations on the bill. 
Last week the Senate passed this compromise bill without a single objection, indicating broad support for this legislation across the political spectrum. In May, your original SPACE Act passed the House 284– 133—a 68 percent margin that included 236 Republicans and 48 Democrats. Now that the Senate has unanimously supported this bipartisan compromise, we would hope that all 435 House Members could vote in the national interest to approve this historic legislation. 
for your leadership and vision in developing and shepherding this muchneeded and comprehensive bill through the Congress. We thank you, your colleagues, and all of your staff for the many contributions and the perseverance in advancing this bipartisan legislation that will ensure America remains the 
Commercial Spaceflight Federation’s strong endorsement of H.R. 2262, as amended, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. This bill represents one of the most significant modernizations of commercial space policy and regulatory legislation since the original Commercial Space Launch (CSLA) was enacted in 1984. The CSLA was last updated in 2004, creating a regulatory framework for commercial human spaceflight that resulted in a wave of investment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the space transportation industry, while enabling rapid advances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes investments in new commercial space applications, promising future spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
This bill is a fair and equitable compromise that resulted from months of hard work and negotiations among Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate to harmonize language from the Housepassed SPACE Act of 2015 with provisions from S. 1297, the Senate’s commercial space legislation. It reflects your shared vision for commercial spaceflight, while addressing issues raised by Democratic leaders during deliberations on the bill. 
compromise bill without a single objection, indicating broad support for this legislation across the political spectrum. In May, your original SPACE Act passed the House 284– 133—a 68 percent margin that included 236 Republicans and 48 Democrats. Now that the Senate has unanimously supported this bipartisan compromise, we would hope that all 435 House Members could vote in the national interest to approve this historic legislation. 
and their employees and stakeholders, applaud both of you for your leadership and vision in developing and shepherding this muchneeded and comprehensive bill through the Congress. We thank you, your colleagues, and all of your staff for the many contributions and the perseverance in advancing this bipartisan legislation that will ensure America remains the leading force in the economic development of space. 
CONGRESS FOR PASSING LONGTERM EXTEN SION OF COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH INDEM NIFICATION  
Association (SIA) today applauded the passage of a bill by the House of Representatives that will extend the existing commercial space launch indemnification regime through 2025. The indemnification provision was included as a part of the Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship (SPACE) Act of 2015. The Senate has already passed identical legislation, so the measure will now be sent to the White House for signature or veto. 
‘‘Extending the launch indemnification regime for a further 10 years ensures the continuation of a longstanding provision needed for the global competitiveness of U.S. launch services companies,’’ said Tom Stroup, President of SIA. ‘‘SIA applauds this action by Congress. It is an important step to maintaining U.S. innovation and leadership in satellite launch while aiding the broader domestic and global satellite industry.’’ 
SIA has long supported extending commercial space launch indemnification regime, which offers government indemnification for any such damages in excess of the required private launch insurance limits. The regime has never been drawn upon, but allows U.S. commercial launch service providers to compete on a level playing field with foreign providers, all of which enjoy similar indemnification from 3rd party liability damage related to launch failures. 
View Enterprise’s strong support for the passage of H.R. 2262. The bill is a culmination of bipartisan work that promotes competitiveness of the U.S. commercial space sector. 
View will develop new technologies and strong international markets, creating jobs and growing the economy right here in America. We are a company with a unique mission: to give scientists and nonastronaut spaceflight participants the opportunity to voyage to the edge of space. Our proprietary highaltitude balloons will take Voyagers on a luxury suborbital spaceflight, where they will gently soar in a comfortable, smartly outfitted, specially designed space capsule. Participants will gaze upon the spectacular, even lifechanging vistas of the Earth in the vast blackness of space, as they sail along the frontiers of space. 
help pave the way for American leadership in space exploration, create new opportunities for American businesses, and will help harness the tremendous potential of our space 
exploration industry. We anticipate significant job growth and the advent of a whole new support industry in the months and years ahead. 
ongoing leadership to bring this bill to fruition, and for your continued service to our nation. 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEMBER JOHNSON : Moon Express applauds the 
House and Senate negotiators for the tremendous work and effort put into crafting the bipartisan, bicameral ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act’’ (CSLCA, or H.R. 2262 as amended). This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the commercial space industry, and incentivizes further investments in innovation and the development of spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
praise on the House and Senate negotiators for Title IV of CSLCA, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’, that provides the first ever codification of rights under United States law for the private sector extraction and utilization of space resources obtained from a celestial body. This landmark legislation provides a unified vision for the growth of the private sector space resources industry and will help spur new investments into this bold new field that’s vital to America’s future competitiveness, prosperity and security. 
many other companies are applauding the Senate for supporting the creation of a stable and predictable environment for private sector development while encouraging investments into the bold new field of outer space resource exploration and utilization. This legislation protects and supports U.S. interests as private sector companies expand the economic sphere of Earth to the Moon and beyond. 
explore and utilize space resources are substantial, and Moon Express welcomes the CSLCA and particularly the landmark legislation of its Title IV ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’ that recognizes and promotes the rights of United States companies to engage in the exploration and extraction of space resources from the Moon and other celestial bodies. 
Express calls on Congress to quickly pass H.R. 2262 as amended, the bipartisan bill that will ensure that America remains the leader in space. 
PLANETARY RESOURCES APPLAUDS U.S. C ONGRESS IN RECOGNIZING ASTEROID RESOURCE  
REDMOND , WASH.—November 10, 2015—Planetary Resources, Inc., the asteroid mining company, praises the members of Congress who promoted historic legislation (H.R. 2262) that recognizes the right of U.S. citizens to own asteroid resources they obtain as property and encourages the commercial exploration and recovery of resources from asteroids, free from harmful interference. This legislation creates a progrowth environment for the development of the commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and ensuring a more stable and predictable regulatory regime. This law is important for the industry and is integral to protecting and supporting U.S. interests as the commercial space sector continues to expand. 
‘‘We are proud to have the support of Congress. Throughout history, governments have spurred growth in new frontiers by instituting sensible legislation. Long ago, The Homestead Act of 1862 advocated for the search for gold and timber, and today, H.R. 2262 fuels a new economy that will open many avenues for the continual growth and prosperity of humanity. This offplanet economy will forever change our lives for the better here on Earth,’’ said Chris Lewicki, President and Chief Engineer, Planetary Resources, Inc. 
leadership shown by Congress in crafting this legislation and looks forward to President Obama signing the language into law. We applaud the members of Congress who have led this effort and actively sought stakeholder input to ensure a vibrant economy and prosperous way of life now and for centuries to come. Patty Murray (D–WA), Kevin McCarthy (R–CA), Lamar Smith (R– TX), Bill Posey (R–FL) and Derek Kilmer (D– WA) have been unwavering in their support and leadership for the growth of the U.S. economy into the Solar System. Their forwardlooking stance and active role in enabling the development of an economically and strategically valuable new marketplace will ensure our country’s continued leadership in space,’’ said Peter Marquez, Vice President of Global Engagement, Planetary Resources, Inc. 
we’ve taken this important step forward to update our federal policies to make sure they work for innovative businesses creating jobs in Washington state. Washington state leads in so many ways, and I’m proud that local businesses are once again at the forefront of new industries that will help our economy continue to grow.’’ 
bicameral legislation is a landmark for American leadership in space exploration. Recognizing basic legal protections in space will help pave the way for exciting future commercial space endeavors. Asteroids and other objects in space are excellent potential sources of rare minerals and other resources that can be used to manufacture a wide range of products here on Earth and to support future space exploration missions. Americans willing to invest in space mining operations need legal certainty that they can keep the fruits of their labor, and this bill provides that certainty.’’ 
Congressman Kilmer said, ‘‘The commercial space industry in Washington state is leading the way in developing the cutting edge technology necessary to support human space exploration. The U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act will give these ventures the framework they need to continue to innovate, and to keep the United States at the head of this growing, global industry. I congratulate the Senate for taking this step, and I look forward to the House quickly sending this bill to President Obama’s desk.’’ 
Eric Anderson, CoFounder and CoChairman, Planetary Resources, Inc., said, ‘‘Many years from now, we will view this pivotal moment in time as a major step toward humanity becoming a multiplanetary species. This legislation establishes the same supportive framework that created the great economies of history, and it will foster the sustained development of space.’’ 
NEWLEGISLATION ENABLES COMMERCIAL EXPLORATION AND USE OF SPACE RESOURCES — 
MOFFETT FIELD, CA—Deep Space Industries (DSI) congratulates the members of the United States Senate for passing legislation that significantly advances the cause of opening space resources to humanity. Title IV of S. 1297, also referred to as the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitive Act of 2015, promotes the right of U.S. citizens to engage in commercial exploration for, and commercial recovery of, space resources in accordance with international obligations and subject to supervision by the U.S. government. 
legal clarity in the field of space resource utilization,’’ said Rick Tumlinson, Chair of Deep Space Industries. ‘‘This bill is a historic step forward and demonstrates that Congress can effectively and quickly pass legislation that is important to the country’s economic future. The hardworking legislators and their staff on Capitol Hill are to be commended.’’ 
Title IV will spur an influx of capital into 
the industry and encourage entities to further develop plans and technologies to extract minerals from the vast numbers of asteroids and other resourcerich bodies in the solar system. 
this bill includes language from H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act. I introduced this bipartisan, bicameral bill with my colleague from the State of Washington, DEREK KILMER , and with support from 
many members of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I appreciate the work and the research of Senators PATTY MURRAY and M ARCO RUBIO 
if a company mines resources from an asteroid in outer space, it has the right of ownership to those resources. It does so consistent with U.S. international obligations. 
space is found in article I of the Outer Space Treaty. Article VI of the Outer Space Treaty explicitly recognizes that nongovernmental entities, such as private corporations, may explore and use outer space, including the right to remove, take possession, and use in situ natural resources from celestial bodies. 
there was a challenge in determining the best language to use to recognize this right. The term ‘‘obtain’’ was ultimately chosen because it was technically and politically neutral. It is our intention that only through actually physically recovering a resource does a company have the right of ownership of those resources. 
In short, Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitive Act is a critical piece of legislation to the future of our commercial space industry and space exploration efforts. 
again for their work on this bill, and I urge passage of this important legislation. 
myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind 
our colleagues because this is really important legislation moving forward, and I think that as the ranking member, Ms. JOHNSON , has indicated and as 
I have, that it is not for lack of concern and support of the commercial space industry and sector that we raise concerns. This is an industry that is growing by leaps and bounds, that employs thousands of workers all across this country, and that is at the hub of entrepreneurship, research, and exploration. 
is really a question of what the rules of the game are going to be going forward, how to best protect the interests of taxpayers, how to protect the interests of the industry, and to see it grow in a healthy way. So I would hope that the majority would take into consideration some of the concerns that have been expressed and let’s use an opportunity over these next several months and years to make sure that we get it right for the industry that is a part of our future. 
I would note that, even with the reservations that have been expressed, we pointed out a number of areas where there is strength in this legislation, but we haven’t gotten it all right. I would also remind the majority that, with respect to mining of asteroids, we are not doing that tomorrow, so all the more reason we should pay attention to the international treaties of which we are a part and to the needs and concerns of our international partners as we move forward; that is, we don’t have to rush to judgment where it concerns mining asteroids, as we are not doing that tomorrow. 
just saying that I believe that there is a great future in this industry, and I am excited about it. But I also know that we have to balance a lot of our interests to make sure that we pay attention, again, to safety and that we do it in the right kind of way. 
As I began, I applaud the gentlewoman from Texas for making sure that the points of concern are on the record. I do not intend to oppose the bill, and I hope that we can move forward in the future to make sure that we really can provide for the kind of strength that the industry needs. 
thank the staff: Pam Whitney of our Space Subcommittee, who has put in tireless work on this bill; Allen Li; Russell Norman and John Piazza, our counsel. Dick Obermann, our chief of staff on the committee, has put in tireless hours to try to get it right. I think for all of those who are part of the commercial space industry, we want you to go forward, we want you to succeed, and we want to make sure that the American public, that the American taxpayer, gets the benefit of the bargain. 
America stands at the beginning of a new era of innovation and adventure. 
Scientists, engineers, astronauts, and entrepreneurs are working in the deserts of California to embark on the next phase of our journey into space, and today we have the opportunity to aid them in that journey. Completing 
consideration of the SPACE Act in this Chamber today will help ensure America remains the leader in space exploration and innovation in the 21st century. 
thanks to the hard work of Chairman SMITH, his committee and their staff, 
especially Chris Wydler and Tom Hammond. I want to especially thank George Caram from my staff for his work as well. Because of their commitment after months of negotiations following the House passage of the original bill earlier this year, the SPACE Act passed out of the Senate unanimously. I look forward to the passage of this bill on the House floor today with similarly strong bipartisan support, and I urge my colleagues to vote with me to move America into the future. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2262. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
THE SENATE TO MAKE A TECHNICAL CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 1356 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
Strike the matter following the resolving clause and insert the following: 
That in the enrollment of the bill S. 1356, the 
Secretary of the Senate shall make the following corrections: 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
item relating to section 1242, amend ‘‘Ukrainian Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’. 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486
082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ............ 29,581 25,246
085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT.3,129 3,129
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS.25,200 25,200
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER.2,169 2,169
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA.1,750 1,750
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ............. 294 294
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............... 33,561 33,561
reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote due to the necessity of my attending to representational duties and participation in Michigan. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted: ‘‘yes’’—H.R. 308—Keep the Promise Act, ‘‘yes’’—H.R. 1338—Dignified Interment of Our Veterans’ Act of 2015, ‘‘yes’’— H.R. 1384—Honor America’s GuardReserve Retirees Act. 
evening, I was unavoidably detained and unable to cast votes on the House floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 1338 and H.R. 1384. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on H.R. 308. 
rollcall Nos. I would have voted: ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 626, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 627, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 628. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on 
November 16, 2015, due to recovery from eye surgery, and missed the following votes. Had I been present I would have voted: 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1737, REFORMING CFPB INDIRECT AUTO FINANCING GUIDANCE ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 511, TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT OF 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–340) on the resolution (H. Res. 526) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1694. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 639) to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act’’. 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) the date of issuance of the interim final 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
relevant provision of the Public Health Service Act or Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and 
(21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Section 1003 of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 953) is amended— 
substance may be exported from a second country that is a member of the European Economic Area to another country that is a member of the European Economic Area, provided that the first country is also a member of the European Economic Area’’ before the period at the end; and 
members of the European Economic Area, within 30 days after each reexportation, the person who exported the controlled substance from the United States delivers to the Attorney General— 
the second country or reexportation from the second country to another country occur within a specified period of time; or 
country, and product be provided prior to exportation of the controlled substance from the United States or prior to each reexportation among members of the European Economic Area.’’. Mr. GRIFFITH (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the Senate amendment be dispensed with. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR THE UNVEILING OF THE MARBLE BUST OF VICE PRESIDENT RICHARD CHENEY ON DECEMBER 3, 2015 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s desk (S. Con. Res. 24) the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the marble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on December 3, 2015, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), 
THE UNVEILING OF THE MARBLE BUST OF VICE PRESIDENT RICHARD CHENEY. 
Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used for a ceremony to unveil the marble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on December 3, 2015. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATIFICATION OF THE 13TH AMENDMENT 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 93, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF RATIFICATION OF 13TH AMENDMENT. 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on December 9, 2015, for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which abolished slavery in the United States. 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of the bill H.R. 3403. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3996) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015, Part II’’. 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’. 
and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended— 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’; 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
striking ‘‘November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’; and 
51⁄366of such unobligated balance’’ and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, that is equal to 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’; and 
the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses for the Federal Highway Administration and Appalachian Regional Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses for the Federal Highway Administration and Appalachian Regional Commission’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(ii) in the second sentence by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015,’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and up to $5,683,060 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $139,344 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $177,596 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
$696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
$3,483,607 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,439,891 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
$1,197,663,934 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,526,434,426 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’; 
$17,947,541 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $22,874,317 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$1,393,443 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,775,956 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$621,287,295 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $791,836,749 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on 
$35,992,623 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $45,872,951 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $2,786,885 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,551,913 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$418,033 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $532,787 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$536,475 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $683,743 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$301,805,738 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $384,654,372 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
$59,611,475 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $75,975,410 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
$73,281,148 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $93,397,541 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $975,410 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,243,169 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $975,410 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,243,169 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
$887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
$14,491,803 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $18,469,945 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’; 
less than $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
less than $139,344 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than 
$177,596 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $11,632,514 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $557,377 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $710,383 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 5, 2015’’. 
and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 3996. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? 
There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
3996, which extends the Federal surface transportation programs to December 4, 2015. 
On November 5, the House overwhelmingly passed a multiyear surface transportation bill, with more than 360 Members voting in support. Since then, the House and Senate have made good progress in resolving the differences between our two proposals. The conference committee still needs time to publicly meet, which we will do on Wednesday, complete our negotiations, and produce a final measure that helps improve America’s infrastructure. Today’s extension provides a time for that process to occur, while avoiding a shutdown of transportation programs. 
The bill allows the States to continue to fund transportation projects and prevents 4,100 U.S. Department of Transportation employees from being furloughed. 
authorized levels for fiscal year 2014. No offsets or transfers of funding to the highway trust fund are necessary for the extension since the trust fund will remain solvent during the period. 
I urge support of H.R. 3996. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
consider yet another shortterm extension to keep highway transit safety and HAZMAT investments limping along, this time for only 2 weeks. We must pass this bill today, however, to 
avert a shutdown of Federal transportation programs, which expire in just 4 days. 
muchneeded end, which the House and the Senate are working diligently to accomplish a longterm surface transportation bill to provide certainty to States and to address our Nation’s crumbling roads, bridges, and transit systems. 
Every State department of transportation, every county, every city, every contractor, every construction worker, every commuter stuck in traffic, every business that uses our roads and bridges to move goods wants Congress to break through its own gridlock and wants us to come up with a longterm bill. 
and all the members who have worked together in the most bipartisan manner—it is bipartisanship that I believe is a model for how this House should operate—in order to craft a surface transportation authorization bill that passed by voice vote out of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and that received robust support when considered by the House after many amendments were also considered. 
diligently doing its work, and I look forward to continuing our talks with the Senate to produce a comprehensive bill for the President to sign. Until such time as the conference committee can complete its work, we must keep programs up and running, Mr. Speaker. This extension does just that. 
avert a shutdown, and I will, therefore, support it. It is my sincere hope that this is the last extension, and I earnestly believe it will be because of the bipartisanship this bill has enjoyed, the very last extension we will need because it is beyond time to get serious about how we are going to fund our transportation future. 
colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, the 
House must consider yet another shortterm extension to keep highway, transit, highway safety, and hazmat investments limping along, this time for two weeks. 
We must pass this bill today to avert a shutdown of Federal transportation programs, which expire in just four short days. 
muchneeded end toward which the House and Senate are working diligently: a longterm surface transportation bill to provide certainty to States and to address our nations’ crumbling roads, bridges, and transit systems. 
every county, every city, every contractor, every construction worker, every commuter stuck in traffic, every business that uses our roads and bridges to move goods wants Congress to break through its own gridlock and come up with a longterm bill. 
Chairman G RAVES , and all of the members 
who have worked together in a bipartisan manner to craft a surface transportation authorization bill that passed by voice vote out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and that received robust support when considered by the House. 
doing its work, and I look forward to continue our talks with the Senate to produce a comprehensive bill for the President to sign. Until such time as the Conference Committee can complete its work, we must keep programs up and running. This extension does just that. 
a shutdown, and I will therefore support it. It is my sincere hope that this is the last extension we will need, because it is beyond time to get serious about how we are going to fund our transportation future. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a senior 
member of the Homeland Security, I rise to speak on H.R. 3996, Surface Transportation Extension Act II of 2015,’’ which reauthorizes federalaid highway and transit programs for two weeks through December 4, 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of this 14day temporary extension, I would have strongly preferred that we were debating a final Conference Report on H.R. 22, the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, which provides for what used to be the customary sixyear reauthorization of surface transportation programs to provide certainty and stability to the needed effort to repair, rebuild, and revitalize the nation’s crumbling infrastructure. 
Report on H.R. 22, the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, passed by a vote of 65–34, nearly a twothirds majority, while the version of the bill passed by the House version of the bill, which included two Jackson Lee amendments, passed by an overwhelming bipartisan majority of 363–64. 
Mr. Speaker, I reluctantly support this emergency but temporary measure because as the Department of Transportation has reported, if we do not act now highway trust fund balances will reach dangerously low levels by November 20 and result in a reduction of payments to states by an average of 28 percent. 
Many states have already canceled or delayed planned construction projects, threatening 700,000 thousands of jobs, including 
created in 1956 during the Eisenhower Administration to help finance construction of the Interstate Highway System, which modernized the nation’s transportation infrastructure and was instrumental in making the United States the world’s dominant economic power for two generations. 
investing in our roads and bridges strengthened our economy, created millions of good 
that fund federalaid highway and transit projects built by states. 
The Highway Trust Fund is financed by gasoline and diesel taxes, which until the last decade produced a steady increase in revenues sufficient to accommodate increased levels of spending on highway and transit projects. 
federal tax on gasoline and a 24.4 cents/gallon tax on diesel fuel—have remained unchanged since 1993 and were not indexed to inflation so the value of those revenues has eroded over the years, and, combined with the fact that vehicles have been getting increasingly better mileage, the revenues deposited into the Highway Trust Fund beginning last decade have not kept pace with highway and transit spending from the trust fund. 
periodically had to transfer at the 11th hour general Treasury revenues into the trust fund to pay for authorized highway and transit spending levels and avoid a funding shortfall. 
The total amount to date is more than $74 
Obviously, this practice is economically inefficient and injects uncertainty in the highway construction plans, projects, and schedules of state and local transportation agencies, not to mention the anxiety it causes to workers and businesses who economic livelihood is dependent on those projects. 
Mr. Speaker, the last transportation authorized by Congress for 4 years or more, SAFETEA–LU, expired on September 30, 2009, at the end of FY 2009. 
could not agree to a new reauthorization, it was necessary to resort to stopgap temporary extensions on no less than eight occasions spanning a period of 910 days before Congress finally enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act’’ (MAP–21 Act) on July 6, 2012, which reauthorized highway and transportation programs through Fiscal Year 2014, a little more than two years, or until September 30, 2014. 
measure to give Congress and the Administration breathing room to reach agreement on a longterm reauthorization bill. 
the Ways and Means Committee, has often pointed out, since gaining the majority in 2010, our Republican colleagues have failed to take any action to sustain the Highway Trust Fund over the longterm and shore up vital infrastructure projects and has not held even a single hearing on financing options for the Highway Trust Fund. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for this 
Congress, and especially the House majority, to focus on the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
is ensuring that America has a transportation policy and the infrastructure needed to compete and win in the global economy of the 21st Century. 
To do that we have to extend the reauthorization of current transportation programs and to authorize the transfer of the funds to the Highway Trust Fund needed to fund authorized construction projects and keep 700,000 workers, including 106,100 in Texas on the job. 
But that is only a start and just a part of our 
The real work that needs to be done in the 
remaining days of this Congress is to reach an agreement on H.R. 22 that the President can sign that is fair, equitable, fiscally responsible, creates jobs and leads to sustained economic growth. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1478) to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831o– 1) is amended— 
bank holding company that is an insurance company, a savings and loan holding company that is an insurance company, an affiliate of an insured depository institution that is an insurance company, or any other company that is an insurance company and that directly or indirectly controls an insured depository institution to serve as a source of financial strength under this section shall be deemed an action of the 
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— 
by inserting ‘‘or rehabilitation’’ after ‘‘orderly liquidation’’ each place that term appears; and 
by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, except that, if the covered financial company or covered subsidiary is an insurance company or a subsidiary of an insurance company, the Corporation— 
authority for the insurance company of the intention to take such lien; and 
‘‘(ii) if the Corporation determines, after consultation with the State insurance authority, that such lien will not unduly impede or delay the liquidation or rehabilitation of the insurance company, or the recovery by its policyholders’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague on the Financial Services Committee, Mr. SHERMAN , for all of his help 
and support on the Policyholder Protection Act as well as the chairman and ranking member of the committee for their support. 
I have devoted a great deal of time to 
insurance issues both as a State legislator in Florida and as a Member of Congress. For over 3 years, I have been pushing legislation to address problems that DoddFrank created for insurance companies and, more importantly, their policyholders. 
Biggert for bringing these issues to light and for offering a positive solution focused on protecting consumers. 
hearings, drafts, redrafts, and so forth, we now have before us this bipartisan, commonsense legislation that will ensure that State regulators continue to have the tools they need to protect policyholders back home. 
shouldn’t be on the hook for an affiliated company’s failure or financial distress. But, unfortunately, that is an alltooreal scenario under the current law. 
Today, in certain circumstances, insurance assets—those set aside to pay out policyholders’ claims—could be used as a source of strength to offset risky bets of an organization affiliated with the insurance company. 
This practice could threaten the solvency of an insurer and undermine its ability to keep promises it makes to its customers, customers who rely on their policies to protect their families’ homes, their livelihoods, and their retirement. 
class families to put their homeowner’s or life insurance policies at risk because of bad bets that someone might have made on Wall Street. Therefore, our bill clarifies that State regulators can wall off these assets from contagion, regardless of how an insurance 
The bottom line here is that insurance policies shouldn’t be raided, period, and certainly not to bail out a financial institution that made poor decisions. Consumers deserve certainty that they will be protected, which is why our bill will also require the FDIC to notify State regulators and consult with them before taking a lien on insurance company assets. In the rare event that this action is being considered, this legislation requires that the FDIC first consider the impact that taking such a lien could have on policyholders. 
Taken together, these measures safeguard insurance assets and make certain that they continue to be used for their primary purpose, which is to pay out the claims of policyholders. 
The Policyholder Protection Act enjoys broad support from insurance regulators, State regulators, guaranty funds, consumers representatives, and the industry. 
on this commonsense consumer protection bill. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 1478, the Policy Protection Act. I applaud my colleagues, Mr. POSEY of 
on their diligent work that they have put into crafting this legislation in the Financial Services Committee. I supported this legislation in committee. 
insurance company assets are, first and foremost, used to protect and pay policyholders’ claims. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) to further 
to work with the gentleman from Florida on this bill. I was pleased to join him in introducing this legislation. 
believe, total support. We voted on it in committee. It was supported unanimously. It has no objection from any of the regulators, such as the FDIC, or others. 
commissioners all over the country, including Dave Jones, Insurance Commissioner in California. It is supported by the American Council of Life Insurers, Property Casualty Insurers, and the Big I. So this bill has industry and the regulators behind it, Democrats and Republicans. It is unanimous. 
the circumstance where you have an insurance company that is a subsidiary of a financial services holding company, and it basically lays out the principle that the assets of the insurance company are there to pay insurance claims. 
company regulates that insurance subsidiary and makes sure that the assets are there to provide insurance reserves and to pay insurance claims. Those assets cannot be invaded to pay for bad bets made by affiliated companies. 
So, first, the bill says that Stateregulated insurance company resources cannot be used as a source of strength for an affiliated financial firm that is being liquidated under title II of Dodd Frank. 
not place a lien on the assets of the Stateregulated insurance company under title II unless the State insurance commissioner consents. It is the State insurance commissioner’s fundamental duty to protect the policyholders. 
Finally, the State insurance commissioner has the primary authority to determine whether to liquidate or rehabilitate insurance companies. 
excellent job during the meltdown of 2008 to make sure that policyholders were paid. This bill reaffirms that the State regulators have the ability to wall off insurance company assets to protect policyholders. The bill will make sure that those assets are not jeopardized by complex bets, risktaking, or poor management of affiliated companies. 
that those who have insurance feel secure. This bill will do that. 
minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. 
Committee and, in fact, the majority of Congress recognizes the need to preserve the current Statebased model of insurance regulation. It is an important conversation because our model, different from others around the world, centers on the protection of policyholders before anything else. 
H.R. 1478, the Policyholder Protection Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S HERMAN ) 
works to guarantee the policyholder protections that have served the U.S. insurance system and consumers so well. 
State regulators to protect an insurance company from contagion, ensuring that policyholders can be paid for claims regardless of how that insurer is organized. 
the FDIC to consult with State regulators and requires full consideration of all implications a resolution could have on policyholders. The legislation also ensures that the States maintain authority over an insurer’s resolution process. 
the primary function of an insurer is to pay claims. Mr. POSEY ’s bill makes 
sure those assets which go towards payment of claims aren’t used to offset other activities of affiliated businesses. 
affiliates could raid an insurance affiliate’s assets to prop up another entity within its company’s holdings. This should never be allowed. This bill prevents that from happening. In other words, it says ‘‘hands off’’ to other assets of the insurance company. 
The Policyholder Protection Act enjoys broad bipartisan support. It was passed unanimously by the Financial Services Committee because it codifies protections for insurance policyholders. 
Florida and the gentleman from California on their bill and thank them for their work on behalf of the consumers. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
brings parity among State law, Federal bank holding company laws, and now the savings and loan holding companies. 
receivership authority is not triggered if a State insurance regulator decides to rehabilitate rather than to liquidate a troubled insurance company. 
colleagues. The Financial Services Committee has looked it over carefully. I urge support of this balanced proposal. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1478, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3032) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain reporting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
3032, the Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Modernization Act. 
from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H URT), for 
their very diligent and bipartisan work that resulted in the Financial Services Committee favorably reporting H.R. 3032 on a unanimous vote. 
Mary Jo White and her fellow Commissioners for providing their unanimous recommendation to eliminate this reporting requirement, which the Congress previously repealed for all other regulatory agencies. 
No matter how modest the legislation may be, legislative efforts to eliminate unnecessary and otherwise extraneous reporting requirements are exactly the type of proactive suggestions our regulators should provide to the committee for consideration. 
pass equally bipartisan bills to spur growth, promote capital formation, and create jobs, I hope our colleagues 
in the Senate can agree that this exceedingly minor change is worthy of swift enactment. 
Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) and 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. HURT) for their bipartisan work. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am so happy to join the chairman of 
the Financial Services Committee and Ms. SINEMA in overwhelmingly supporting H.R. 3032. 
SEC from unnecessary administrative burdens and enable the already overwhelmed agency to focus resources to other, more missioncritical tasks, examinations, and enforcement. 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) to talk about her 
HENSARLING for their bipartisan support of this bill. I also thank Congressman ROBERT HURT for being the lead 
of our bill, H.R. 3032, the Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Modernization Act. 
complicated and confusing, which is why it is so important that outdated regulations are reviewed with the goal of modifying them or repealing them to reduce waste and to make them work for everyday Americans. 
bipartisan legislation with Congressman HURT, to repeal an unnecessary 
and outdated reporting requirement in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Federal agency required to compile this obscure annual report. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars, and it is a paperwork burden that diverts time and resources from protecting investors. 
Modernizing the SEC’s reporting requirements will allow the Commission to better focus on its mission of protecting investors; maintaining fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitating capital formation. 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that our financial markets work for everyone, and I hope that Members will join me in support of this bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
more speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
have no further requests for time, so I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1317) to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, and the commercial risk that the affiliate is hedging or mitigating has been transferred to the affiliate; 
affiliate qualified for the exception under this subparagraph or an entity that is not a financial entity; 
‘‘(III) is not indirectly majorityowned by a financial entity; 
or otherwise, to any affiliate that is a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010). 
‘‘(XI) a credit union; ‘‘(XII) a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010); or 
insurance and subject to capital requirements established by an insurance governmental authority of a State, a territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, a country other than the United States, or a political subdivision of a country other than the United States that is engaged in the supervision of insurance companies under insurance law. 
‘‘(iii) LIMITATION ON AFFILIATES ’ AFFILI ATES.—Unless the Commission determines, by 
other than for the purpose of hedging or mitigating commercial risk; and 
that qualifies for an exception under this subsection (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate— 
hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, and the commercial risk that the affiliate is hedging or mitigating has been transferred to the affiliate; 
affiliate qualified for the exception under this paragraph or an entity that is not a financial entity; 
‘‘(iii) is not indirectly majorityowned by a financial entity; 
‘‘(iv) is not ultimately owned by a parent company that is a financial entity; and 
or otherwise, to any affiliate that is a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010). 
‘‘(xiii) an entity engaged in the business of insurance and subject to capital requirements established by an insurance governmental authority of a State, a territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, a country other than the United States, or a political subdivision of a country other than the United States that is engaged in the supervision of insurance companies under insurance law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
1317. I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) 
and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), both very good members of 
the Financial Services Committee, as well as Ms. FUDGE and Mr. G IBSON from 
the Agriculture Committee, for their bipartisan work over, frankly, several years to clarify an important provision of title VII of the DoddFrank Act. 
all, provide true relief for businesses that neither caused nor contributed to the financial crisis. The scope of Dodd Frank’s title VII, which governs the derivatives markets, captured thousands upon thousands of unsuspecting businesses who merely want to provide stable prices to their customers and ensure that there are predictable costs to produce those products. 
those negative impacts that Dodd Frank was having on end users earlier this year as part of the TRIA Reauthorization, nonfinancial end users, regrettably, are still subject to the onerous and costly requirements of title VII. 
uses a central treasury unit to consolidate their derivatives positions, H.R. 1317 will exempt the company’s affiliates and subsidiaries from having to comply with title VII’s many requirements. 
As many know, the House of Representatives last December unanimously passed a substantially similar bill to provide this desperately needed relief. Unfortunately, that bill met with the same fate so many other bipartisan bills that have been produced by the Financial Services Committee and the House: they passed on a good faith, bipartisan basis but, unfortunately, have been disregarded by the Senate. 
between internal businesses or interaffiliate derivatives trade and derivatives between unrelated counterparties, the DoddFrank Act treats all trades the same, which needlessly increase the cost of hedging risk for end users such as manufacturers, chemical companies, and utility companies, who, in turn, would do what, Mr. Speaker? 
Chamber of Commerce’s Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, noted during the legislative hearing on H.R. 1317 that ‘‘without this critical bipartisan language, end users and consumers would face increased costs, and companies may be forced to abandon proven and efficient methods for managing their risk.’’ 
H.R. 1317 is not for Wall Street; it is 
clearly for Main Street, and I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
his patience in getting this over the line. Hopefully, the Senate will see it our way this time. 
in working to get this legislation to the floor and, of course, my friend from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), for working with 
me on this bill. All of them have been tremendous partners. 
he would continue to work with me until we got this legislation right, and he made good on his word. 
the Agriculture Committee, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) and the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. G IBSON). I credit all of these colleagues 
with helping this bill pass the Financial Services Committee 57–0, and the Agriculture Committee by voice vote. 
We have a bill that sort of works for 
Speaker, are financial affiliates of commercial companies. They are, indeed, the corporate best practices because they permit efficient aggregation of the risk of a corporate entity and provide for a single point of contact between the company and financial counterparties. 
central treasury units like other inter affiliate transactions in the aggregation and monitoring of risk in businesses, which is exactly what the end user exemption in DoddFrank always intended. 
you have many inputs and outputs that require you to hedge, like wheat in beermaking or aluminum cans in beer making, and you need to make sure that you hedge and lock in the price before production. 
hedging transactions under the Dodd Frank end user exemption as principal and as an agent, which is the logic that the CFTC agrees with. The legislation enshrines that logic into statute with appropriate flexibility for the regulator and companies. 
So I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 1317. We need to get this legislation across the finish line to the President’s desk because our end users need this in order to conduct business. 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT), an outstanding member 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1317. This bill makes targeted reforms that narrowly expand end user clearing relief to preserve the ability of end users to utilize necessary risk management tools in line with congressional intent. This House most recently passed 
similar language as part of the Agriculture Committee’s comprehensive reauthorization of the CFTC. Today’s suspension is another step forward in a bipartisan effort to protect end users from the unintended regulatory consequences that have begun to occur. 
efficient place for commercial end users to manage and hedge the diverse risks associated with the daytoday operations of the businesses in this country. These essential riskmanagement practices allow businesses like our agricultural producers or utility companies to protect themselves against unfavorable market fluctuations and to invest their resources to grow and create jobs. 
management, I can’t stress enough that effective policy in the derivative space must take into account these efficient and proven business strategies. That is why Congress clearly sought to exempt the end users from the law’s costly and burdensome clearing requirements in the drafting of the Dodd Frank legislation. 
current law does not adequately take into account the common riskmanagement practices of many companies who utilize separate legal entities known as centralized treasury units, or CTUs, to hedge the risk of their end user affiliates. 
CTUs are used by a variety of businesses to centralize the hedging activities of multiple affiliates into a single marketfacing entity. While a CTU is appropriately classified as a ‘‘financial entity,’’ the transaction it enters into to hedge the commercial market risk of the end user affiliates should also be exempted from the clearing requirement as if the end user affiliate had hedged those risks itself. 
This allows firms to use CTUs to consolidate and reduce enterprisewide risk, as well as to centralize hedging expertise. While current law provides clearing exemptions for CTUs that act as an ‘‘agent’’ for affiliates, the exemption does not currently extend to CTUs that practice as a ‘‘principal’’ to the trades which manage the end user risks of commercial affiliates. 
the transactions hedging the risks of end user affiliates, this glitch in the law effectively prohibits commercial end users who utilize CTUs from accessing the end user clearing exception. 
H.R. 1317 makes targeted but important statutory changes to clarify that the law’s essential end user clearing exception remains available for all end users, regardless of their corporate structure. 
As policymakers, it is our responsibility to ensure that regulation does not pose an unnecessary detriment to legitimate business practices. H.R. 1317 is an opportunity for us to resolve one 
of those issues today. This bill provides needed reforms to ensure our regulatory framework protects the integrity of our markets while allowing end user access to the tools needed to conduct their businesses. 
from all points of the ideological spectrum have worked diligently to produce this legislation which passed unanimously out of both the House Financial Services and the Agriculture Committees. 
thanking each of them, and specifically Representatives MOORE , S TIVERS , 
FUDGE , and G IBSON , for their hard 
work. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1317. 
have no further speakers, but I just wish to urge all of my colleagues to support, again, a very bipartisan and very commonsense bill. This relief is needed for end users for proper risk management. It will indeed help these companies with economic growth. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1317, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2036) to suspend the current compensation packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equity in 
shall suspend the compensation packages approved for 2015 for the chief executive officers of each enterprise and, in lieu of such 
shall not be construed to affect the applicability of section 16 of the STOCK Act (12 U.S.C. 4518a) to the chief executive officer of each enterprise. 
only apply to a chief executive officer of an enterprise if the enterprise is in conservatorship or receivership pursuant to section 1367 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4617). 
provision under section 3 shall not be considered a Federal employee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
2036, the Equity in Government Compensation Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) for his diligent work to craft 
the language which is the basis for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 2036 will simply reinstate the limits on the salaries of the CEOs at the governmentsponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that were eliminated earlier this year. 
Since entering a Federal conservatorship in September of 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have received nearly $187.5 billion in taxpayer money making the GSE conservatorship by far the costliest of all taxpayer bailouts due to the financial crisis. 
been public outcry over the compensation of Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s CEOs during their conservatorship. Following several years of substantial salaries and bonuses, congressional and public concern caused thenFHFA Director Ed DeMarco to cap the compensation for the GSE’s chief executives at $600,000. Earlier this year, now FHFA Director Mel Watt repealed those salary caps allowing the GSEs to raise their CEO pay to as much as the 25th percentile of comparable companies. This ultimately allowed both GSEs to increase their CEO pay from 
the previous cap of $600,000 to $4 million annually, all at the expense of the American taxpayer who is still backing these institutions. 
the salary caps has provoked disapproval not only from Members of Congress but the administration as well. Notably, both the Treasury Department and the White House opposed FHFA’s decision to raise the GSE’s CEO pay. Treasury recommended that ‘‘existing limits on compensation continue given the taxpayers’ ongoing backstop of both enterprises.’’ 
Additionally, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest expressed the White House’s opposition, adding that ‘‘the reason that these entities are different than some of the financial entities that you see in the private sector is they benefit significantly from a backstop that is provided by the taxpayers. And because of that taxpayer assistance, I think it is entirely legitimate for the executives of those institutions to be subject to compensation limits.’’ 
should be able to pay salaries commensurate with the private sector, these arguments failed to consider that the GSEs have yet to repay their debt to the U.S. taxpayers for their unprecedented bailouts. The 2015 New York Federal Reserve Bank Staff Report stated that taxpayers are entitled to ‘‘a substantial risk premium,’’ and the government has never collected the commitment fee taxpayers are owed. 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew concurred in his June 17, 2015, testimony before the Financial Services Committee, which I chair, that ‘‘the risk is being borne by taxpayers on an ongoing basis, and the conservatorship is not over.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, while Congress continues to debate the best framework for comprehensive housing finance reform, enactment of S. 2036 is a positive step forward based on a simple principle: What people do with their money 
is their business; what they do with taxpayer money is our business. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting S. 2036. 
H.R. 2243, the Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on Financial Services received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on May 8, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. 
mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2243 at this time, we do 
not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Transparency Act of 2015, which makes those entities subject to the Freedom of Information Act when in conservatorship or receivership. The bill shares the same goal as H.R. 2243 in that it aims to ensure accountability, transparency and fairness within our Governmentsponsored enterprises. The Committee appreciates your willingness to examine my bill and work towards its consideration by the full House. 
I would ask that a copy of our exchange of 
letters on H.R. 2243 be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Financial Services, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
your November 16th letter regarding H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015.’’ 
forego action on H.R. 2243 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
1577, the ‘‘Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Transparency Act of 2015,’’ for potential action by the Financial Services Committee. I will also include your letter and this letter in the Committee’s report on H.R. 2243 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, we understand that FHFA Director Watt is doing everything in his power to conserve the assets of the GSEs. However, I agree with the chairman, Mr. HENSARLING , that we disagree that the 
CEOs of these two companies in conservatorship, whose operations are controlled by their regulator, should be paid multimilliondollar compensation packages. 
largest shareholder, opposes these proposed pay packages for the GSE CEOs, and so do we. So, Mr. Speaker, I therefore support S. 2036 and would urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. 
appreciate his work on bringing this important bill to the floor, and I thank my friend, Chairman ROYCE , from California, for sponsoring the House version of this measure, H.R. 2243, and I stand in full support with the Senate version tonight, S. 2036. 
voluntary conservatorship, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, in my judgment, has really abdicated their responsibility with the Treasury in acting truly as a conservator. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have received almost $200 billion in government assistance, by far our costliest taxpayer bailout resulting from the financial crisis. 
the GSEs, the governmentsponsored enterprises, were placed in conservatorship and that the FHFA has been scrutinized for awarding increased pay to the CEOs. That has been previously discussed in detail here. And largely in response to that criticism of FHFA’s failure to properly administer these entities in conservatorship, the GSE’s CEO compensation was capped in 2012 at $600,000. Now, miraculously, they are being approved for millions in pay increases despite the fact that these entities are still, Mr. Speaker, in conservatorship. 
July 30 that I wrote Mel Watt, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and awarded him my monthly Golden Fleece Award for poor stewardship of taxpayer resources. I include my letter to Mr. Watt in the RECORD . 
DEARDIRECTOR WATT: I write today to inform you of my recent Golden Fleece Award to the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) for its approval of approximately $4 million in raises for each of the CEOs of the governmentsponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
Since being placed in voluntary conservatorship by FHFA in 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have received almost $200 billion in government assistance, by far the costliest taxpayer bailout resulting from the financial crisis. This is also not the first time since the GSEs were placed in conservatorship that FHFA has been scrutinized for awarding increased pay to their CEOs. In 2009, FHFA approved $42 million in pay packages to the GSEs’ top 12 executives. In 2011, FHFA approved $12.79 million in bonus pay for some of the top executives at Fannie and Freddie. Largely in response to this criticism, the GSEs’ CEO compensation was capped in 2012 at $600,000. 
the White House have also opposed FHFA’s decision to raise Fannie and Freddie CEOs’ salaries. Specifically, Treasury recommended that ‘‘existing limits on compensation continue given the taxpayers’ ongoing backstop of both enterprises,’’ while White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated that ‘‘the reason that these entities are different than some of the financial entities that you see in the private sector is they benefit significantly from a backstop that’s provided by that taxpayers. And because of 
that taxpayer assistance, I think it is entirely legitimate for the executives of those institutions to be subject to compensation limits.’’ Additionally, Treasury Secretary 
Jack Lew stated in his June 17, 2015 testimony before the House Financial Services Committee that ‘‘the risk is being borne by taxpayers on an ongoing basis and the conservatorship is not over.’’ Despite this opposition, FHFA has once again raised these salaries to $4 million. 
has helped Fannie and Freddie repay the federal government, and I fully support the private sector compensating its executives as it sees fit, Fannie and Freddie still have taxpayer backing, are not private companies, and should not be compensated as such. 
necessary reforms to our GSEs, FHFA must be accountable and responsible for ensuring the protection of our hardworking taxpayers’ dollars. I am committed to eradicating this type of inefficient and ineffective policy and regulation by our federal agencies, and today’s Golden Fleece highlights the clear lack of judgement by FHFA in approving these raises. I invite your immediate attention to this issue, and please keep me apprised of your efforts at improvement. 
Lew has given his opposition, the White House has provided a statement of opposition, and yet Mel Watt continues. It is for these reasons that I fully support the effort of Mr. ROYCE  
and Mr. V ITTER in capping the compensation until these entities are returned to financial health. 
day where we can work to have a sustainable housing finance system in America, one that is sustainable for homeowners so they are not put into homes they cannot afford to keep; one that is sustainable for our economy, so that we promote economic growth and reduce our tendency to have these recessions; and certainly one sustainable for the taxpayers, because the taxpayers should never ever again be called upon to bail out government sponsored enterprises to the tune of almost $200 billion. 
Regardless of how effective the current CEOs are of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, $4 million compensation packages are not part of a sustainable housing finance system. Again, they are under government conservatorship. The taxpayer is still at risk. This does not pass the smell test, it doesn’t pass the laugh test, and it certainly doesn’t pass the taxpayer protection test. 
So I am very happy with the work by 
the gentleman of California (Mr. ROYCE ) that provided the House language that was underpinning the Senate language that we are debating tonight. I am glad that this is bipartisan. I don’t often find myself in agreement with the administration, but I am prepared to take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer, and I urge all of my colleagues to adopt this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 208) to improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments 
Ω1æOn page 2, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the following: 
the ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Disaster Act of 2015’’. 
1103. Reducing delays on closing and disbursement of loans. 
1104. Safeguarding taxpayer interests and increasing transparency in loan approvals. 
development centers, women’s business centers, and SCORE for disaster recovery. 
Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
Ω2æOn page 3, strike line 5 and insert the following: 
Ω3æOn page 3, line 14, insert ‘‘nonprofit entity,’’ after ‘‘homeowner,’’. 
marks and the second period and insert the following: 
than 6 months after the date on which the Administrator begins carrying out this authority, the Inspector General of the Administration shall initiate a review of the controls for ensuring applicant eligibility for loans made under this paragraph.’’. 
Ω6æOn page 4, line 24, insert ‘‘, if such safe 
room or similar storm shelter is constructed in accordance with applicable standards issued by the Federal Emergency Management Agency’’ after ‘‘disasters’’. 
Ω7æOn page 5, strike lines 1 through 21 and 
Ω9æOn page 6, strike lines 5 through 8 and insert the following: 
all that follows through page 7, line 20, and insert the following: 
Ω12æBeginning on page 8, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through page 9, line 6, and insert the following: 
Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Disaster Act of 2015’’. 
provide financial assistance to a small business development center, a women’s business center described in section 29, the Service Corps of Retired Executives, or any proposed consortium of such individuals or entities to spur disaster recovery and growth of small business concerns located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster. 
assistance under this paragraph shall provide counseling, training, and other related services, such as promoting longterm resiliency, to small business concerns and entrepreneurs impacted by a major disaster. 
make 1 extension of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this paragraph for a period of not more than 1 year, upon a showing of good cause and need for the extension. 
under this paragraph is in addition to, and wholly separate from, any other form of assistance provided by the Administrator under this Act. 
shall award financial assistance under this paragraph on a competitive basis.’’. 
‘‘(iv) ACCESS TO DISASTER RECOVERY FACILI TIES.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, permit the personnel of a small business development center to use any site or facility designated by the Administrator for use to provide disaster recovery assistance.’’. 
the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
applicant that receives an award or has in effect a cooperative agreement under this section and that is located in an area affected by a catastrophic incident, the Administrator may— 
year period beginning on the date on which the President declared the applicable major disaster; and 
for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the covered period. 
‘‘(aa) the small business concern meets the requirements for such a transfer, without regard to whether the small business concern is a Program Participant; and 
‘‘(bb) for a small business concern that is a 
Program Participant, on and after the date on which the President declared the applicable major disaster, the small business concern has not received property under this subparagraph on the basis of the status of the small business concern as a Program Participant. 
clause to a small business concern, the terms and conditions shall be the same as a transfer to a Program Participant, except that the small business concern shall agree not to sell or transfer the property to any party other than the Federal Government during the covered period. 
for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the 5year period beginning on the date of the declaration.’’; and 
guarantee an express loan to a small business concern located in a disaster area in accordance with this subparagraph. 
the date on which a request for purchase is filed with the Administrator, the Administrator shall determine whether to pay the guaranteed portion of the loan. 
the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Administrator shall promulgate rules to carry out this subparagraph.’’. 
Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
‘disaster area’ means the area for which the President has declared a major disaster, during 
shall provide a contracting preference for a small business concern located in a disaster area if the small business concern will perform the work required under the contract in the disaster area. 
GOALS .—If an agency awards a contract to a 
through the district offices of the Administration, shall identify locations that may be used as recovery centers by the Administration in the event of a disaster declared under this subsection or a major disaster. 
eligibility and compliance with requirements established by the Administrator; and 
made available to carry out the amendments made by this section. 
Section 38 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
657j) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, on July 13, this Chamber overwhelmingly passed H.R. 208, which was a corrective measure for 
those who suffered twice: first, by a disaster and, second, by the SBA’s inability to provide disaster assistance. Since that time, we have experienced more natural disasters, with the President issuing major disaster declarations for the wildfires in California and across the country in South Carolina for the severe storms and flooding that recently occurred. 
disaster can happen anywhere, at any time, and to anyone in this great Nation. A natural disaster exposes us to the worst nature has to offer, yet it oftentimes brings out the best in people. Communities band together, neighbors help neighbors, and volunteers donate their time and energy, all in an effort to rebuild. 
faced some of its worst natural disasters, with Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and, more recently, Hurricane Sandy in 2012. 
imperative that Federal Government programs operate efficiently and effectively so victims are able to rebuild and return their lives to normal as soon as possible. 
and Hurricane Sandy, there have been startling reports regarding the Small Business Administration’s inability to properly administer the disaster loan program. The bill before us today, as amended by the Senate, has the great fortune of being authored by two individuals who have seen firsthand how challenging the SBA disaster loan process is in the aftermath of these catastrophic storms. 
chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, who, as we all know, represents the great State of Louisiana, which was devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Senator VITTER ’s amendment strengthens 
the already strong underlying bill, which was authored by our committee’s ranking member, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , 
whose district in New York City was ravaged by Superstorm Sandy. 
their leadership and hard work on these issues and for working together to craft legislation which takes into account the needs of disaster victims and taxpayers. 
the SBA will be able to respond quickly to the needs of disaster victims. It makes commonsense improvements to the program, such as allowing SBA’s resource partners who already have a presence in the disaster area to engage with small businesses as soon as the area is declared a disaster, meaning small businesses can resume operating faster and getting people back to work. 
those resource partners will have been affected by the disaster and allows 
smallbusiness development centers, SBDCs, from other States to go into affected areas temporarily and to aid victims. I know in my home district, Ohio’s First District, having Kentucky so close, this would be essential if either State’s SBDC suffered due to a natural disaster. 
the underlying bill’s concerns regarding the SBA’s struggle with electronic disaster loan applications following Superstorm Sandy. This amendment ensures that Congress will be informed of the status of the electronic application web portal so that we can provide oversight and prevent failures that happened in previous disasters from recurring. These changes, among others, will ensure that the SBA is fully capable of responding to the next disaster. 
thanks to our committee’s ranking member, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , for her insight and leadership on this issue and for working in a bipartisan, bicameral manner, as she does. 
I have seen that as chair of the Small 
Business Committee that I chair now, but I have also been the ranking member under her when she was chair, and it was always bipartisan. We have worked together in a very collegial manner, and I thank her for that. 
I want to thank her for this bill and 
developing it. It will help to ensure those affected by disasters can rebuild quickly and that the interests of the taxpayers are protected. This legislation, as amended and passed by the Senate, has broad bipartisan support. 
concur on H.R. 208, as amended by the Senate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
made landfall in 2012, New York City was one of the hardest hit areas. Thousands of homes suffered damage, infrastructure was disrupted, and our city’s small businesses were impacted physically and economically. 
uncommon for as many as 40 percent of impacted small businesses to fail, depressing commerce and slowing the community’s recovery. 
disaster lending functions are meant to provide quick credit to small businesses and homeowners that have been impacted by catastrophes. 
With entrepreneurs’ and homeowners’ livelihoods at stake, it is vital that the SBA’s disaster programs operate effectively. That is why in 2008, after Katrina, Congress passed reforms meant to improve SBA’s disaster response. 
It became evident following Hurricane Sandy that there is still much work to be done. The Government Accountability Office, the inspector general, and Small Business Committee 
Democrats have all documented shortcomings in SBA’s administration of the disaster loan program. 
that small businesses waited 46 days to get their application processed by SBA, a threefold increase over previous Atlantic storms. The IG found the agency lacked clear guidance which resulted in confusion for borrowers, inconsistent application of underwriting criteria, and loans going to ineligible entities. 
H.R. 208 addresses these shortcomings and ensures those affected by Hurricane Sandy are treated fairly. To begin, the bill would allow businesses to apply again for loans. As SBA was so unprepared for a disaster of this scale, it is important that those impacted have another chance at securing assistance. 
the problems identified by the IG. SBA will be required to provide upfront notification to borrowers on necessary documentation as well as establish clear written policies for loan officers. By clearing up confusion for both borrowers and SBA staff, H.R. 208 will ensure funds flow more swiftly to businesses after future catastrophes. 
number of bipartisan reforms from our Senate colleagues. Under these provisions, for instance, businesses would no longer be prohibited from posting their assets as collateral. This is important as, previously, many entrepreneurs have had to use personal assets for loan collateral. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a truly bipartisan, bicameral effort that focuses on better assisting small businesses impacted by natural disasters. 
his leadership and support on this legislation. I also wanted to thank Chairman VITTER , Ranking Member S HAHEEN , and Senators M ENENDEZ and 
I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
businesses back on their feet quickly can help local economies recover. For that to happen, the SBA’s disaster lending initiatives must work as intended, providing emergency capital to firms that have suffered physical and economical damage. 
encounter delays to reapply for assistance and be made whole. It also improves how the agency functions going forward, speeding help to small businesses and homeowners when they are most in need. This is a bipartisan bill, and it will do much good for entrepreneurs impacted by Sandy and for businesses impacted by future disasters. 
Ranking Member S HAHEEN , Senators MENENDEZ and B OOKER , and especially 
Chairman C HABOT for working in a bipartisan manner to get this bill to the President. 
I also would like to take this opportunity to thank the staff for the Senate Small Business Committee and our staff for the House Small Business Committee: Adam Minehardt, Justin Pelletier, Emily Murphy, Barry Pinelas, and Corey Cooke. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
know when or where the next disaster will strike. But, unfortunately, we do know that there will be another disaster. In fact, there will be more disasters. Given this, we must ensure that the SBA is truly prepared to help victims in the aftermath of those disasters. 
by the SBA on those who suffered from the effects of Sandy. But H.R. 208 does more than just correct past mistakes. It imposes obligations on the SBA to ensure the agency learns from history and does not repeat those mistakes. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to concur on the Senate amendment H.R. 208. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 208. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. 
Equity and Excellence in American Education Act, which will move us towards a more equitable education funding system. We can wait no longer to act, knowing we are not providing each and every child with a quality education. 
establish equity as a foundational principle of our education system, especially in funding. Each and every child deserves to have an enriched education based on equity. Equity acknowledges all children are different with different needs. Equity means supporting families and students at the beginning with quality preschool and K–5 educational strategies based on equity. 
with the funding we traditionally receive?’’, we instead start with the question, ‘‘How much do we need to meet the needs of each and every child?’’ and 
build a system which reflects that funding. This will be a challenge, but one we must take on. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
well of the House witnessed by the portraits of George Washington and his protege, an invaluable ally to America, the Marquis de Lafayette. 
watched in horror as they witnessed the terrorist attacks in Paris that claimed the lives of 129 civilians from over 15 different countries. 
and fathers, friends and loved ones, whose lives were taken away too soon from us and those who were gravely wounded from this attack will not be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families and friends, and the strong resilient people of France. 
This massacre at the hands of barbarous terrorists was an attack on the civilized world, and we will not let these horrific actions stand. We stand strong. 
fly at halfstaff. We stand in solidarity with France, honor the victims of this attack, and in the call to combat this massing menace, place our undying faith in our two democracies bound together by young Lafayette’s faithful and courageous service. 
home State of New Jersey, we had the honor of having a goinghome celebration for a remarkable individual from my community. He was known as Reverend Ron. His name was Ronald B. Christian. 
because Reverend Ron looked at the least of us and took them in without judgment to help them with their ills, whether they have drug issues or issues with the criminal justice system. 
had seen the worst that life could show you because he had gone through some of it himself. And one day God stood him up and said: Now serve my people. 
weeks ago, but I wanted to honor him on the floor of the United States Congress. He was a unique individual. He was one of God’s children. 
‘‘Sinners welcome,’’ and he never wavered, and he never turned his back. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which I am proud to represent, includes the Allegheny National Forest. The forest covers more than 500,000 acres, and the use of its hardwoods has supported the communities of the Elk, Forest, McKean, and Warren Counties for generations. 
depend on the harvesting of trees from the Allegheny National Forest, I am deeply concerned by the news that, while the amount of timber cut in the forest has increased in recent years, the number sold has sharply declined. 
19 percent in the past 5 years. Furthermore, a majority of the timber harvested is being sold as pulp and not as the highvalue hardwood which is used to create furniture, flooring, and as veneers. 
This is one of the reasons I cosponsored the Resilient Federal Forests Act, which passed the House earlier this year, as it would enhance the management efforts in our national forests to make sure our quality hardwoods are being used in the right ways. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for half 
the remaining time, until 10 p.m., as the designee of the minority leader. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is my honor and privilege to lead tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. For 60 minutes, we have the opportunity to speak directly to the American people. 
to take a moment to express my condolences and the prayers of the Congressional Black Caucus and this Congress to our allies in France after Friday night’s attacks in Paris. 
their families. No act of terror can shake the resolve of the French people to live free, and nothing will impede 
France’s ability to live prosperously. I want the people of France to know that the American people and this Congress stand in solidarity with the people of France tonight. I say this with full faith and confidence that no act of terror will deter France or the United States from embracing the principles of liberty, equality, and brotherhood. 
recently lost loved ones and friends in Beirut and Nigeria. 
Mr. Speaker, in this hour, the Congressional Black Caucus will have a conversation with America about the issue of race relations in this country. This isn’t a new topic of discussion. To be honest, I really wish there were no need and no appetite remaining in America so as to have to address this topic. 
that saw pilgrims journey to our shores on the Mayflower and that the same nation that saw Founding Father Ben Franklin make groundbreaking discoveries in electric science is the same nation that was able to land a man on the Moon and harness the electromagnetic spectrum for our mobile devices. We still wrestle with the same problem that confronted Ben Franklin and the Founding Fathers so long ago: the issue of race relations in America. 
As President Obama so eloquently remarked, the answer to the slavery question was already embedded within our Constitution—a Constitution that had at its very core the ideal of equal citizenship under the law, a Constitution that promised its people liberty and justice and a union that could be and should be perfected over time. 
deliver slaves from bondage or to provide men and women of every color and creed with their full rights and obligations as citizens of the United States. 
It is this inherited sin that has guided a national history of challenging race relations in America, from slavery to the ThreeFifths Compromise, to a nation divided and broken over the issue of slavery, to poll taxes and literacy tests, to separate but equal, to Japanese internment, to antiSemitism, to the Tuskegee experiment, to Brown v. The Board of Education, to the loving Confederate flags at State houses, to the Confederate statues in this Capitol, and to parishioners executed during a Charleston Bible study, executed in the hopes that it would spark a race war. It is the sad truth that, while race relations do not define us as a nation, ignoring and perverting these relations has left a painful blemish on our national record. 
the Congressional Black Caucus has come before you in this hour to discuss the issue of Black voter suppression in America, the mass incarceration of African American males in America, the issue of Black Lives Matter, community fears over unfair and unequal treatment at the hands of bad apple law enforcement officers, and the economic concerns of communities of color. 
impact and evidence of these concerns can be found everywhere for proof. Look at Amendments 13 through 15. Look at the issue of African Americans having higher rates of mortality than any other racial ethnic group for 8 of the top 10 causes of death. Look at the Black Lives Matter protests that we have had across the country. These concerns are our reality, and we must know these things to be true. We know more must be done to strengthen our national record on race. 
Tonight I want to use my time to discuss race relations in America, but I want to do so in a way that looks forward and not behind. I want to have a conversation about strengthening our national foundation and about healing the racial wounds of our past. In this conversation about race relations in America, I will highlight areas of need and opportunity that should be examined. Tonight’s conversation should be a strong step toward progress. 
coanchor this hour with my distinguished colleague from New Jersey, a man who has committed his time in Congress to strengthening communities and bridging cultures. 
the gentlewoman from Illinois. It has been as a labor of love that we have represented the Congressional Black Caucus in these Special Order hours this year. 
Our year is coming to a close. As we 
look back at the issues that we have discussed over the course of this year, it has been an honor and a privilege to work alongside my colleague, R. KELLY . 
in recent weeks a number of racially charged incidents that have set off protests on college campuses across the country. From the University of Missouri to Yale, students have protested the inadequate responses of their school administrations to racism and 
harassment against minority students. We have seen the failure of many college administrations to properly address overt racism against minority students on campus. 
students have been threats of violence against African American students and faculty. In many instances, there is a disconnect between students of color and the university leaders. 
In many of these instances, administrators have openly acknowledged that their responses to minority students have come too late and that their behavior has failed to take into consideration the concerns of students and the injustices against those students. 
feel marginalized and unsafe in going about their normal day. 
our Special Order hours has been equality and justice. We have discussed how, despite the strides our Nation has made on the journey to a more just society, minorities are still the subject of racism and racial discrimination and face persistent inequities across the board, from health to income, to criminal justice. 
through the ongoing national debate about racial equality, we are highlighting how occurrences like those at the University of Missouri are not isolated incidents of racism; they are part of a larger system of discrimination. 
There is a history of racial discrimination, inequality, and bias that still affects African American communities across this Nation. We need to recognize this. 
of the pain and anxiety and fears that it creates in some of these young Americans. As we are seeing right now, many minority students feel that they do not have a home on campus. Many minority students are concerned about their safety at school. 
media, students at the University of Missouri were afraid to attend classes. All students deserve a safe environment in which to live and learn. We can’t discount the fears of these students; yet, that is exactly what we see happening. It is why so many students across the country are coalescing in support of racial justice. 
How can we move forward from here? Our national conversation about racial justice needs to remain ongoing. As a Nation, we must continue to confront incidents of racism and harassment and bring light to the complacency that too often enables these occurrences in the first place. It has to be more than just a conversation. We have to use the voices of our students and of our communities to drive concrete action on their behalf. 
not only of their student bodies, but also of their faculties and staffs to increase racial understanding and bring a broader perspective to their institutions. 
marginalized students have access to services that enable them to share their experiences and to seek assistance to meet their needs. School administrators need to be held accountable for their failure to make their campuses inclusive and safe for all students. 
handling of racial incidents, and any hate crimes or civil rights violations need to be investigated internally and by law enforcement, as appropriate. 
to address racial disparities and to eliminate racism in our country. The Congressional Black Caucus is committed to addressing racial disparities by developing initiatives and by working with grassroots and national organizations, such as Black Lives Matter, the NAACP, and the Urban League, to ensure that they know that they have someone in their corner and that there is an effort to work together. 
also holding a number of forums to bring African American community resources into the areas of business development, smallbusiness assistance, financial empowerment, inequality, and education. 
our support to those fighting for justice, equality, and opportunity for all. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Representative P AYNE for those words. 
the University of Missouri, I thought it was great that when they did protests and sitins, that there were White students, football players, and coaches that also sat with them and gave them support. They were one. So even though bad things had happened, it was good to see that there were all kinds of students and their coaches empathetic with what was going on. 
point, this is the United States of America, and we have to come together as a Nation to eradicate this ill that has plagued this Nation since its inception. So we need people that understand and likeminded people to also join in. This is not a onesided discussion. This is a discussion that we need to be having that encapsulates the entire Nation. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. In my diversity training that I have done for many years now, we have always talked about groups need allies. Allies give you support and encouragement and the strength to go on. 
At this time, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARBARA  
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman K ELLY and Congressman 
Order and for your continued leadership on so many vital issues and for staying the course and holding down the fort for the Congressional Black Caucus. It is so important that our message of unity and our message— which really describes what many of the issues are that all of our communities are faced with—that that message goes out. Both of you have really been tremendous in this effort. 
critical conversation on race relations in America and to challenge our colleagues to work with the Congressional Black Caucus to realize progress for racial justice and equality. I join Congresswoman KELLY and 
condolences to the families and the victims of the horrific terrorist attacks in Paris, Lebanon, Nigeria, and also in Egypt. Know that we join in this quest for global peace and security throughout the world. 
important part of our work to address the discrimination and racism that still plagues our Nation, specifically as it relates to African Americans, but we know that it impacts all communities of color. It is manifested in many ways, and it affects our entire country. As Congressman PAYNE said so eloquently, 
we are the United States. So when one is affected, all are affected. 
like Mizzou and Yale; in places like Baltimore and Ferguson; and in high schools like Spring Valley High in Columbia, South Carolina, we are witnessing the painful impact of institutional racism in our communities. 
home district at Berkley High School. In one of the most progressive and enlightened cities in the country, Black students were subjected to threatening messages on campus. But I am so proud of the students at Berkley. They walked off—it was not only Black students; it was all students—and marched out peacefully through the city to protest these terrible, despicable messages. 
have a right to learn free from violence and from threats. As long as Black students and any student of color feels unsafe in their classrooms, our work for justice remains incomplete. 
schools. Tragically, people of color face institutional racism from the moment they are born. According to a report released earlier this year by the Joint Economic Committee and the Congressional Black Caucus, more than one in three Black children are born into poverty. 
continues in our school system where Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions. Mind you, now, that is preschool. That is students from about 2 years old to 4 years old. Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions, despite accounting for only 18 percent of enrollment. I can’t figure out how any student aged 2 to 4 is expelled from school. That is outrageous. Yet 42 percent of preschool student expulsions are African American babies. These kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. 
Americans are overpoliced, overcriminalized, and underemployed. A report published by the New York Times in April found that there are an estimated 1.5 million Black men between the ages of 24 to 54 who are missing from civic life, just missing it. These missing men, who account for 
victims of mass incarceration or premature death. And this crisis of inequality extends to the structures of the community and have persisted from generations. 
Over the past four decades, the average unemployment rate for Blacks has been double the rate for White Americans. For many Black families, it feels like this is a permanent recession. 
action. That is why I am so proud of our young people throughout the country and students who are standing up to racism and injustice in their communities. It is time for Congress to listen to the young people, saying that Black Lives Matter and Black students matter. 
racial justice in my district to address these issues. More than 300 East Bay residents from all backgrounds attended and raised their voices for justice. This was the second forum that I have held throughout the last 3 months. Now, I have been able to reach over 1,000 East Bay residents. 
Congressman PAYNE and Congresswoman K ELLY have talked about, this 
dialogue leads to action. Hopefully, our colleagues would think about hosting these types of forums and listen to what people are saying, listen to what the impact of some of our policies are on their daily lives. We must be part of the conversation and the solution, but we must listen. We must hear the pain and the suffering that people are experiencing as a result of discrimination and racial injustice. 
addressing the systemic racism that degrades our institutions and threatens our communities. It is past time for us to get serious about us addressing the lack of opportunity for Black and minority families in this country. Right now, today, in this Chamber, there is legislation that can start moving the needle forward. 
We need to empower our communities to build greater trust between law enforcement and communities of color, and we need to address chronic recidivism, which would be a huge step toward returning some of our missing men to their families and communities. To do this, Congress should pass the Safe Justice Act, sponsored by Congressman SENSENBRENNER and Congressman S COTT. Congress should also 
pass the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act, H.R. 1232, to stop the militarization of our Nation’s police forces. We also should pass the Police Accountability Act, H.R. 1102, and the Grand Jury Reform Act, H.R. 429, so we can ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and that there is more accountability for police officers. 
justice system and work to help repair those families hurt by mass incarceration, we will be strengthening America. We will have people who really can make a contribution, not only to their 
families and their communities, but to the entire country. 
continue to put up barriers to work for those trying to rebuild their lives after making a mistake and should ban the box totally by Federal contractors and by Federal agencies. We also need to repeal the lifetime ban on Pell grants for those formerly incarcerated as it relates to drug felonies, the ineligibility for public assistance and food stamps. 
that people of color, primarily African American men and Latino men, can get back into society, get a job, and take care of their families. Once again, this is an example of public policy that racism wreaks its ugly head in our own institutions and policies. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we must address the poverty that plagues communities of color all across the country. We have the Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, which I am proud to chair with our whip, Mr. HOYER . We are working 
with more than 100 of our colleagues now to advance policies that give all families, including African American families living below the poverty line both in urban communities and in rural communities, a fair shot. 
Act, H.R. 258, which calls for a national strategy to cut poverty in half in the next decade. That is more than 22 million Americans lifted out of poverty into the middle class in just the next 10 years by being strategic and coordinating our existing programs. 
H.R. 2721, would create goodpaying jobs. It would lift families out of poverty into the middle class while strengthening our safety net for those who are still struggling. Ultimately, the only way to end institutional racism is to give African Americans and people of color a seat at the table, and we need to pass legislation and policies that begin to remove these barriers. 
My mentor, the Honorable Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, used to say: ‘‘If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring in a folding chair.’’ That is what our young people are doing around the country. 
So I want to thank all of the people 
across our country who are bringing in folding chairs and ensuring that these important conversations happen. We hear you. We support you, and we will keep fighting for you for ensuring liberty and justice for all, which means just that. It means for all. In doing so, we will make the United States a stronger country. 
KELLY and Congressman P AYNE for organizing this very important Special Order. I know that out of this discussion, we are laying out what can be done, and it doesn’t take another generation to end racial injustice in our country. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Representative LEE, I like your analogy about ‘‘if 
you are not at the table, bring your folding chair.’’ I would like to say: ‘‘If you are not at the table, your issues would be on the menu.’’ But I like the folding chair analogy also. 
up that people don’t realize, when we talk about African American men in jail, incarcerated, people might think, well, if they are doing something wrong, they should be in jail. 
comprising twothirds of Ferguson’s population, African Americans represent 85 percent of vehicles stopped, 90 percent of citations, and 93 percent of arrests made by the Ferguson Police Department. But while African American drivers are twice as likely as White drivers to be searched on a vehicle stop, contraband was found on Black drivers 26 percent less frequently than White drivers. 
incidents of overly aggressive police tactics and a police force that is racially and ethnically underrepresented of the large Ferguson community, instill the culture of distrust and anonymity. So you can see why these things happen. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman KELLY for raising that 
issue because I think this is a clear example of what we talk about when we talk about racial injustice. It is very 
clear that many of our policies—Federal, local, and State policies—the impact and the result end up being a result that has racial components, and that is what our young people are talking about when they are talking about systemic and institutional racism. 
the gentlewoman from California as well for always making very clear and thoughtful comments and for being a leader in this House for many years and taking bold steps in your beliefs and your principles. Sometimes when it looked grim, that you might be stepping out, history has been kind to you and shown that you were right. So I appreciate your leadership in this United States House of Representatives. 
around racism is mass incarceration, which is a topic that has come to the forefront. The President is taking bold steps in that direction to try to have a discussion and correct those issues. There is no reason why the United States of America, which comprises 5 percent of the world’s population, has 
25 percent of the incarcerated population in the world. That number is mindboggling. 
that are having racial issues and they are not being addressed. 
that you receive for having crack cocaine, which has predominantly been in African American communities, as opposed to powdered cocaine, which has predominantly been in the major population’s community, but the sentences for crack cocaine are so much stiffer and longer that you can see a racial component in even those sentences given out by the justice system. 
We are dealing with a systemic institutional issue, and sometimes I even think that it has been so ingrained and embedded in the larger population that it is not even realized that there are issues. This is the way of life. This is the way things are. This is how it has been. We have to break that cycle. It is just unconscionable that these young people who have done what we have asked them to do—do well in school, move on to college, and get an education so you can be a productive citizen in this country—have to worry about these types of issues as they are trying to get their education. 
thank the gentleman for his kind remarks, but also for really digging deeper into this subject and really raising, in many ways, the unconscious biases that are reflected oftentimes in the policies and in the laws of the land. 
the Congressional Black Caucus, and Reverend Jackson have really been true leaders in, and that is the effort with the tech industry in terms of the diversity of the tech industry. 
that many companies next door to me in the Silicon Valley, 2 to 5 percent may be African Americans and Latinos—maybe. To their credit, they are trying to figure out how to address this; but one of the areas that some of the companies are exploring now is looking at unconscious bias and how that is reflected in the hiring policies of their managers as it relates to the discrimination actually that takes place against people of color, especially African Americans. 
here in our country, both in the private and in the public sector, and we have to really begin to talk about it to raise the level of awareness so people understand we are not talking about individuals and we are not going after people. We are talking about biases that are embedded in our programs and policies and in the law of the land. 
Mr. PAYNE. Absolutely. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I also think 
something that contributes to that, your ZIP Code shouldn’t dictate the quality of your education, like it shouldn’t dictate the quality of your health care. In too many places in this country, your ZIP Code does dictate the quality of your education and the 
schools that have every sport, every technology, and those kinds of things, and schools that barely have books. 
They are not going to be at the same 
level when they graduate from high school, if they even make it through 
high school; and that is part of it, too, just the STEM, as we talk about, or STEAM, just the type of education that students are getting because of the way in some cases the schools are funded or the concentration of poverty in the school system, in some school systems. 
the school systems. We are talking about Silicon Valley. I am doing a lot of work now with the insurance companies and finding out that based on your economic background and where you live and what your ZIP Code is will constitute what your rates on car insurance are. There is a builtin formula to that as well. It is just amazing how systemic and institutionalized these issues are. 
raised by my father not to get in trouble and do the right thing, I was still a young man, and sometimes I didn’t do the right things. One time I was in downtown Newark, New Jersey, and I made a Uturn on one of the major thoroughfares in the city. A policeman pulls up on his motorcycle. 
turn and there would be a policeman coming, but that is the story of my life. 
very angry, very mean, yelling at me. It was my cousin’s car, so I wasn’t exactly sure where the credentials were in the car. I was about 20 years old at the time. The police officer finally says to me: Boy, if you don’t find those documents—and he didn’t use ‘‘boy.’’ He used a word that we can’t use on the floor of this House of Representatives. But he said: If you don’t find those documents, I will throw you so far under the jail that they will never find you. 
at the time my father was a councilman in the city of Newark. It was amazing the change in his attitude. He became very concerned about my welfare and my wellbeing all of a sudden. He says: Well, don’t you know that that is dangerous, and you shouldn’t do that? You know, you could hurt yourself or hurt someone else. All of a sudden, I became someone because of what my last name is. 
men that can’t produce something like that at that point in time. There are more of those stories, of the ones unable to produce than the ones that can produce. What does that say for young men in this country? There are many stories like that coming up that I could stand here and tell for several hours of experiences that I have had with the institutional racism in this country. 
are talking about racial profiling and driving while Black, which so many of us experience throughout the country. I am glad we are having this discussion and you raised it because you come from a middle class family. You come 
raised you and your family to be law abiding citizens, and still this happened to you. 
another level that we have to look at as it relates to racism. When you look at how financial institutions targeted African American and minority communities with subprime loans, our communities lost all of our wealth as a result of that, and now have to start all over in terms of wealth accumulation. So you just go one aspect after another of what America has done in terms of the past that has not been corrected yet, and we have to really do that. 
to mention the phenomenal job you are doing as the chair of our Health Braintrust. We had a meeting this weekend in South Carolina with our great leader, Mr. CLYBURN . We talked 
about health disparities in communities of color. You are talking about ZIP Codes. I know in my district—I mentioned this at the forum—there is a gap. Depending on where you live, depending on the ZIP Code, life expectancy where Black people live can be 10 to 15 years shorter. 
leading causes of death, African Americans are number one in eight of them. 
to be number one in 8 out of 10. 
The importance of the work you are doing in closing healthcare disparities, which sometimes people don’t understand, there are racial and ethnic disparities that, again, are reflected in our historical policies that have really severely impacted communities of color and African Americans. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Representatives, we have about 5 more minutes. I don’t know if you have anything to add. 
for working with us through this year in bringing these topics to the floor. We want the viewing public to understand that we have raised these issues because they are issues that plague our country. We are looking for African Americans and Latinos to have the same opportunities as everyone else. It is not about special treatment or anything. It is about equal treatment. Everyone should rise based on their ability. Just having an equal opportunity is key. 
we pledge allegiance to the flag, and we say, ‘‘and liberty and justice for all,’’ and that is what we mean. 
evening’s topic, the issue of race relations in America, we want to talk 
We must do more, we must care more, and we must understand more about the diverse cultures that make up this Nation. 
A long time ago, as director of community affairs for the Village of Matteson, it has been 19 years now I have worked with a team hosting diversity dinners in our area to grow friendships and nurture relations among residents of the south suburbs of Chicago. 
in America, I want to reflect on what I see as the way to bridge the differences we experience in understanding in different communities. 
Earlier this year, I along with colleagues, Democrat and Republican, hosted the Second Annual Congressional Diversity Dinner. Forty Members of Congress—Black, White, Asian, and Hispanic from both parties, including both Republican and Democratic leadership—showed up and enjoyed a meal with their colleagues. During the dinner, we weren’t Democrats or Republicans. We were colleagues with some great stories to share. 
At this year’s dinner, I saw a microcosm of our Nation, a crowd made up of Members from coast to coast with truly diverse backgrounds coming together to enjoy each other’s company. If we can put aside our racial and partisan blinders to break bread together, I am confident we can find ways to work together. That is what America wants and needs, and that type of leadership is the kind of leadership we deserve. 
celebrate diversity and show that America is only strengthened when we embrace the fact that we are a beautiful, I will say, pot of stew. There is much that communities can do to stanch out the rhetoric that divides us and find creative ways to bring people together. It was a small action, but that was what the diversity dinner sought to do. 
Now it is time for us to come together to address the reforms needed to rebuild trust between communities. Let’s show the American people that we are a diverse people, we are proud of it, and we celebrate it. 
Mr. Speaker, this has been a challenging year for race relations in the United States. Between the recent events at college campuses across the country and several incidents involving law enforcement, it is clear that strong racial tensions still exist within our communities. 
groups of voters by gutting the Voting Rights Act or segregating neighborhoods in violation of the Fair Housing Act have contributed to the divisive elements of our society. These efforts run counter to everything that we as a nation have tried to eliminate in bringing diverse individuals together under common values—and there is still much work to be done. The fight for racial equality and inclusion 
has been a constant struggle for individuals of color throughout our long history. Despite important victories during the Civil Rights era, a new struggle has emerged in our time to tackle more subtle and implicit racial biases that exist within our society. 
Recognizing these challenges and maintaining open and civil dialogue is the only way that we can seek to end these senseless divisions once and for all. While it is also important to learn from the lessons of our past, how we decide to move forward will truly come to define the future of our nation. 
must reflect on our values and determine what kind of future we would like to see for our children. Do we want to leave behind a divided nation where individuals quarrel over race or socioeconomic status? Or do we want to live in a nation united under equal opportunity and justice for each and every American? I, for one, choose to support an equal and just America. 
Mr. Speaker, there will continue to be challenges ahead. However, the lessons that we carry with us into the future will help guide our decisions to build for a stronger and more prosperous America. I urge my colleagues to speak out against this blatant discrimination so that we can heal our country and move forward as a nation. 
ROUZER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to host this Special Order tonight. 
Less than 100 hours ago, we were provided another tragic reminder of the world that we live in, a world where radical terrorists are engaged in a violent war against the U.S. and our allies. Our thoughts, prayers, and condolences go to our ally, France, here this evening. 
Paris, tonight’s Special Order was going to focus on recent incidents of terroristled violence across Israel. Yet Friday night’s events are not dissimilar from the escalation of violence we have seen across Israel in recent months and in other places of the world. 
in their targets. The attacks have been intended to instill fear. And the attacks are a direct affront to the daily 
lives and the way of life of innocent, peaceful civilians. 
I want to share with you the words of 
terrorism, and standing behind it is radical Islam and its desire to destroy its victims. The time has come for the world to wake up and unite in order to defeat terrorism. The time has come for countries to condemn terrorism against us to the same degree that they condemn terrorism everywhere else in the world. 
blame for the terrorism directed against us, just as the French are not to blame for the terrorism directed against them. The terrorists who attack us have the same murderous intent as those in Paris.’’ 
claimed responsibility for the Paris attacks, but while we can condemn those attacks here this evening, it seems very evident to me, and I think Americans all across this country, as we ask, I think, the same question: Are we safe, and are the policies of this administration and its foreign policy and the refugee admissions policy making us safer, or are they cause for concern and require more discernment and a more scrutinizing eye by this Congress and the American people? 
least 49 alleged supporters of ISIS in America charged with related crimes, and it is reported that there is an estimated 20,000 foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria likely holding Western passports. 
Tonight, in light of the horrific terrorist attack in Paris and the escalating violence in Israel, as we stand to express our solidarity with our friends and allies affected by violent and extreme acts of terror, we must also be thinking about what we as Americans can do to defeat—not contain—but eliminate radical jihadists and terrorists who are hellbent on undermining the U.S., our allies, and our way of life. 
A little bit later I will speak more on 
my views on our present foreign policy and the refugee admissions policy, but we have over the course of the next hour many Members from across the United States of America condemning indiscriminate terrorist attacks, radical Islamic jihad, and violence across the world. 
speaker this evening, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ). 
want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on this 
issue and for holding this very important leadership hour talking about the issues that obviously affect our allies in the world but also the safety of the American people. 
the views that are taking place and the discussion and the debate that is going to be had on this issue, I think it is important, again, that we remember this is an American national security issue, and we in the House have to be as vigilant and as strong as we can be on the issue. 
radical Islamic extremists can only be described as barbaric, and we are responding with force. Yet, this morning, the President announced at a G–20 summit in Turkey that there ‘‘wouldn’t be any major changes to the approach taken against ISIS.’’ 
proven to be no deterrent to these Islamic extremists, and it is time that he implement a clear and comprehensive strategy to completely destroy ISIS abroad, on their soil, so that we are not fighting them on ours. 
security. Additionally, this is why again and again I have repeatedly called on the need to secure our border and repair our broken immigration system to keep these threats out. 
It has never been a matter of if, but 
a matter of when, we might face this type of attack here at home. Time has shown that it is up to us in the House to be the voice of strength for the American people. 
stronger path forward, we will proudly stand with our allies—as they did with us—against these extreme forces of evil. 
would like to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her participation. 
I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. KELLY .) 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for leading this important 
world who have repeatedly and recently experienced violent acts of terrorism, specifically in Israel and France. We pray for the victims and their families, and we stand united in our efforts to bring these attackers, these terrorists, to justice. 
It is clear that we are at war with 
radical Islam. How do you expect to destroy your enemy if you can’t even identify them or call them by name? They know who we are. They call us the infidels. And they will quit at no cost to destroy us all. We must identify and attack our enemy. 
chooses to lead. We must put forward a coordinated and comprehensive strategy to eliminate ISIS, not a policy of containment. We can no longer underestimate the desire and ability for them to attack us in our homes. Our men and women in uniform will destroy the enemy, wherever they are, if we give them clear guidance and a 
us less free. They are carried out on the mission of instilling fear, uncertainty, and hate. But the terrorists do not get to win. Americans and those other countries that promote freedom and democracy will continue to live our lives, go to work, provide for our families, and advocate for those same freedoms around the world. 
Now is the time to have faith in God, 
hug your loved ones a little tighter, and continue our commitment to eliminate the threat of ISIS, radical Islam, and other terrorist organizations around the world. 
want to thank the gentleman from Mississippi for his participation. 
my colleague from Pennsylvania for his efforts to host us here this evening and for the opportunity to speak. 
the weekend, I watched in horror with the rest of the world as violent terror once again touched the soil of America’s oldest allies. I echo the cares and concerns of the world that terror is growing. And we must stand united against it. Terror does not respect borders or nationalities. Its effects are felt in the smallest village and in the world’s most recognizable cities. 
killed or injured in Paris this weekend, only 10 months after the extremists attacked the Charlie Hebdo offices, murdering 17. Last week, 43 people were killed and 239 were injured by a suicide bomber in Beirut. Mounting evidence shows that terrorists were likely involved in the deaths of 224 people aboard a Russian jet that went down in Egypt last month. In Israel, our friends have been battling this increased violence for weeks, with no predictable end in sight. 
last 2 months, and there are countless other victims of hate around the world whose loss too often goes unnoticed. Those losses have continuously happened over the past 6 to 7 years, and some of them seem to fall on deaf ears and unseeing eyes. 
that too many parents in these nations worry if their children will come home safe at night. It is times like these that defenders of freedom need to remember the common threads that bind us together against the power of evil. France was not the beginning, nor will it be the end. 
taken credit and released a video promising that something ‘‘worse is coming.’’ Something worse is coming. We should not neglect that threat. 
today that he ‘‘anticipates this is not the only operation that ISIL has in the 
pipeline. The Paris attack is not something that was planned in a matter of days.’’ 
goal that we want to ‘‘degrade and destroy’’ ISIS. While that is the goal of all, in the meantime, we are obligated to the American people to contain and control these crazed attackers. 
Afghanistan, and to Pakistan. Teenagers from England and Europe have attempted to, or successfully supported, ISIS on the ground. As sickening as these actions are, it is more terrifying to think that those recruits might bring their new training back home. How long until we see terrorism touching our U.S. soil again? 
This is not just a threat to the eastern hemisphere. This is a global threat that requires a global response. The U.S. cannot be the only one involved, but we also cannot fail to act. When America fails to lead, there is too often a vacuum that we have seen filled with the nightmares of hateful leaders who disregard innocent lives in their quest for power and control. 
life in America and across the world. We must continue to fight these extremists and stand as a united front against the rising tide of evil. 
thank the gentleman from Nevada for participating in tonight’s Special Order. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his hard work and leadership on this issue. 
when radical terrorists struck at the heart of the United States, France stood by us. In one of America’s darkest hours, when no words seemed to adequately express the shock and sadness we felt, it was our French allies who famously evoked the phrase: ‘‘We are all Americans.’’ 
Sadly, last Friday evening, on November 13, 2015, France was similarly subjected to multiple acts of terror in Paris. Now, it is our turn to offer our support to the fallen, to their families, and to all of France. Today, Mr. Speaker, we Americans stand with the people of France. 
Our ties with France date back hundreds of years, to the days of the American Revolutionary War. Our shared values, our respect for liberty, equality, and democracy, have bound our two great nations through centuries of conflict and peace. 
of Indiana, I send my sincere thoughts and prayers to the Parisians so devastated by this atrocity. Together, we will restore France. Together, we will defend civilization against barbarianism, and together we can endeavor to eliminate ISIS. 
reflect on what led to this attack on innocent civilians. And then we must, as we say in the Marines, ‘‘adapt, improvise, and overcome.’’ 
attacks from occurring on our soil and the soil of our allies across the Atlantic. This won’t be without risk. Leadership never is. At this critical juncture, I hope Congress stands ready to support the administration, to encourage its development of a winning strategy that doesn’t purport to merely contain ISIS but instead turns the tide of radicalism in the region and eradicates this radical brand of terror. 
Speaker. It will be imperative for the United States to coordinate with France and our other NATO allies on a joint strategy to defeat ISIS, to eliminate this evil. 
This is, of course, no time for political posturing, empty rhetoric or gamesmanship. It is a time for unity. I look forward to working with my colleagues and working with our Commander in Chief on a war strategy that will annihilate the radical Islamic state, keep the American people safe, and return Syria to its people. 
stand with our brothers and sisters in Israel and France to express our support and our commitment to these, our allies overseas. 
Israel in recent weeks whipped up by the leadership of the Palestinian Authority, knowing now that radical Islamic militants are determined to continue their assault on the democracies of the world and western civilization. 
On Friday, the 13th, the world witnessed an unspeakable tragedy brought about by ISIS. This is a terrorist organization that has repeatedly plagued the Middle East with gruesome beheadings, violent killings, the rape of women, and the enslavement of children. 
rampage on our ally, France, and they promise to bring it to America as well. 
Our President has called this slaughter ‘‘a setback.’’ So now Congress must recognize both the gravity and the tragedy of what has recently occurred and respond accordingly. 
What will it take, I ask, for this administration to admit that we are in a lifeanddeath struggle with radical Islam? 
gave this admonition: Know thy enemy. The enemy must be identified in order to defeat him. 
the victims of the recent terrorist attacks, and I hope that the United States will stand by them and the people of Israel as well as France during 
rise in solidarity with the people of France in the aftermath of last Friday’s horrific terror attacks in Paris. 
swift leadership in decisively and powerfully taking immediate action. They are delivering justice to those responsible for the cowardly attack on their innocent people. 
France. No. This was an attack on all free nations targeted and threatened by the brutal and savage tactics of Islamic terrorists who oppose the basic freedoms and liberties of the free world. 
final stand. Far from it. It could be France today and the United States tomorrow. 
one mandatory function constitutionally of the Federal Government. That is to provide for our national defense. This is a constitutional duty and a moral imperative that trumps any day of the week the charity of opening our doors to a Syrian who will blow himself or herself up on our streets in the name of Allah. 
meet Allah, that we give them every opportunity to do so with a bomb from the air or a round of ammo from the end of a Navy SEAL rifle that you would never want to be on the wrong end of if you are the bad guy. 
The good news is this: It doesn’t require an occupation or an enduring ground operation. I don’t want that. No one wants that. But it does mean that our entire strategy must evolve quickly and effectively. 
We may have help from very motivated and a diverse capability of French, British, German, and now even Russians. We must understand that losing is not an option. 
Operations Forces on the ground in Syria, in the middle of a war zone, and then tell them they are not there on a combat operation. You can’t tell that to them, their family, the entire free world. It is just divorced from the reality of what they will face every day on the ground. 
If you aren’t going to send our servicemembers to win, do not send them at all. 
I would be happy to support a strategy to win if I actually believed the President had one. 
You cannot defeat a threat that you cannot or will not identify. 
just tread water. It is not about getting them jobs. It is about wiping them off the face of the Earth. You annihilate 
the enemy. You don’t contain it, especially not this enemy. 
literally, as a matter of policy, escort that threat across our borders. 
Here at home we must not move forward with the President’s plan to bring in several tens of thousands of refugees, especially and so importantly, because we cannot identify who the bad ones are. 
brought into America without knowing with confidence that they do not pose a threat. We must not bury our heads in the sand or try to click our heels together to an alternate reality. 
were again reminded of the sacrifices that have been made through generations to protect our way of life. Let’s honor their memory, treasure American greatness, stand up for freedom, and make sure what happened in Paris on Friday does not happen on our own home turf tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K APTUR ). 
my deepest sympathies and condolences from the citizens of Ohio’s Ninth Congressional District to the people of France, our longstanding brothers and sisters in liberty. To all whose loved ones were killed or hurt in the barbaric attacks in Paris last weekend, we offer our prayers of comfort and consolation. 
the law enforcement officials who bravely brought order, the health officials who ministered to those who tragically lost their lives, and to the hundreds suffering injury. 
people are repeating the words of La Marseillaise, the national anthem of France. This powerful song of liberty against tyranny roused that nation when it was written at the start of the French Revolution, just a few years after America’s own fight for liberty. 
One verse seems especially appropriate to recite tonight. Translated into English, it says: Sacred love of the Fatherland: Liberty, cherished liberty, fight with thy defenders. Fight with thy defenders. 
today. America is fighting alongside those who defend liberty. Surely, France. 
The American people have long cherished and defended the spirit of liberty alongside the people of France, and there is no greater symbol of that in our harbor, New York Harbor, than the Statue of Liberty, which reminds us always of the triumph of freedom over subjugated people. 
founding member of NATO and a permanent member of the United Nations 
Security Council, and we will work together to defeat this enemy as we have together defeated Nazism, communism, and now, as well, this new threat. 
assets that our nations have placed on the ground in countries around the world. 
here at home to keep out and prevent those who would harm our people from coming inside our borders. We always worry. We keep trying to make the security even better. But we have come a long way since 9/11. 
Each American can play an important role by reporting suspect behavior they observe, and you can help our law enforcement officials ferret out dangerous elements that could prey upon our own people. 
help by paying attention to what you see and, if suspicious, report it to your local law enforcement officials and, in an emergency, to 911. 
bonds of community, at home, at work, at school. Build bridges in your own community, including religious confessions. Let’s build bridges across religious confessions in this country. Let no denomination feel isolated or abandoned at this tense time. 
We feel their loss. We stand with you as partners in liberty and forever keep in our hearts the enduring call: Liberty, equality, and fraternity—liberte, egalite, fraternite. 
New York mentioned a minute ago about our constitutional obligation and the moral imperatives that we have to defend our homeland and our national defense, and I couldn’t agree with him more. 
In that spirit, I want to start to conclude my comments by saying something I think most agree with, and that is we need to enhance our intelligence and our vetting process of those who come to our country, including potential Syrian refugees, to reflect the seriousness of threats posed by ISIS. 
I want to go into a little bit of information that is easy to come by if you have paid attention to this issue, as I have, and the reality of the situation on the ground in Syria. 
As a result of over 4 years of Syrian 
civil war, we are seeing the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II, and we can and we will, as America, continue to be a leader in the provision of aid and relief. But we can’t afford to put the cart before the horse when it comes to admission policies here. 
Syrian people are seeking refuge in Europe, and our European allies are looking to us for assistance. However, it is gravely concerning, I think, when your FBI Director, in this case, James Comey, said earlier this year that our government is unable to conduct thorough background checks on the 10,000 
Syrian refugees that the administration will allow in the United States. His quote: We have no record of them, and you can only query what you have collected. 
Mr. Speaker, the concerns and objections that I am raising aren’t just mine. They are the multitude of phone calls and emails that my office has received today and I suspect all Members have received today. 
humanitarian. It is common sense, and it is in the name of making sure that we are protecting our people and securing our homeland from threats. 
diligence on who is coming into our country, and we can’t move forward with a policy of admit first and ask later. We have to close the gaps in our screening process of refugees entering into our country. 
chairman, Mr. MCCAUL, recently introduced legislation H.R. 3573, the Refugee Resettlement Oversight and Security Act. It would make substantial improvements to our refugee program and enhance congressional oversight of the administration’s refugee proposals. 
now does not have much, if any, say over our refugee admission policy. This bill is intended to change that. It would require, amongst other things, GAO to review the security gaps in the current screening process. 
proposed resettling at least 10,000 Syrian refugees currently residing outside the Syria conflict zone in refugee camps to the U.S. this fiscal year. 
the opportunity to review today that Chairman MCCAULwrote to the President: ‘‘We remain concerned that these resettlements are taking place without appropriate regard for the safety of the American people.’’ 
Nothing is more fundamental. Nothing gets at the core of what our Constitution is intended to protect as that statement. 
he cites to a couple pieces of testimony that he received this past summer from various officials. Leaders from the FBI, the National Counterterrorism Center, and the Department of Homeland Security have all said to our Homeland Security Committee that they lack the ontheground intelligence necessary to thoroughly vet Syrian refugees who seek to resettle here. 
Director Nicholas Rasmussen testified on October 21 that you have to rely on a vet. When you are vetting an applicant’s information, his opinion is this: ‘‘It isn’t what we’d like it to be.’’ 
that same hearing: ‘‘If someone has not made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interests reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but nothing will show up because we have no record of that person. You can only query what you have collected.’’ 
I mentioned a piece of that statement a little earlier. That is the full statement. And it gets to the point that, as we are concerned about our security and we are trusting the administration to properly vet those who seek to come here, we have to rely on intelligence, and our intelligence leaders are offering something less than full confidence that their intelligence on those Syrian refugees is something that we need to look a lot further at. That is what I think we need to do. 
Finally, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Johnson said: ‘‘It is true that we are not going to know a whole lot about the Syrians that come forth in this process.’’ 
Now, I know tomorrow at 5:30, I believe, we will have a confidential briefing from the FBI Director and our Director on Homeland Security. 
evening was just to raise some issues that, frankly, were on the front of my mind and many others in my district and many other Members of Congress even before the tragedy that happened in Paris on Friday. What happened on Friday only reinforces in me and many others that ISIS isn’t contained, and, in fact, a strategy of containment is actually a dangerous one; and further, as we are looking at the Syrian readmission policy, it cannot be allowed to remain as it presently is. Be it through legislation or be it through this administration’s providing us more detail and allowing Congress and the American people to get a better understanding of what is and isn’t happening I think would go a long way towards making us feel a lot safer. In fact, if reforms need to be made, if the program needs to be halted at the present time, then that is what should be done. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for participating in the Special Order this evening. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
on account of medical leave, recovering from eye surgery. 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through November 19 on account of medical reason. 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to encourage the nationwide observance of two minutes of silence each Veterans Day; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
S. 1203. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the furnishing of health care to veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve the processing by the Department of claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; in addition, to the Committee on Armed Services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and to the Committee on the Budget for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 2280. An act to promote pro bono legal 
services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, November 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Allowing Importers to Provide Information to U.S. Customs and Border Protection in Electronic Format [Docket No.: NHTSA20150076] (RIN: 2127AL63) received 
3429. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; North Carolina Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 8 hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPAR04OAR20140795; FRL 993660Region 4] received November 6, 2015, 
3437. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Air Plans; California; Multiple Districts; Prevention of Significant Deterioration [EPAR09OAR2015 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
of the United States, transmitting the termination of the national emergency declared in 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s Statistical Programs of the United States Government report for FY 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Assistant Secretary, Policy, Management and Budget, Department of the Interior, transmitting notification that the Department has made additional payments to eligible local governments under the 2015 Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Listing Branch Chief, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Brickellia 
3464. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Ecological Services Program, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and 
Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Establishment of a Nonessential Experimental Population of Blackfooted Ferrets in Wyoming [Docket No.: FWSR6ES20150013; FXES11130900000C6145FF09E42000] (RIN: 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting legislative proposals which would significantly strengthen the protections afforded to servicemembers and their families under existing civil rights laws; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, the Judiciary, House Administration, and Natural Resources. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to the order of the House on November 5, 2015 the following report was filed on November 9, 2015.] 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1737. A bill to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending (Rept. 114–329). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–311, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1210. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–330). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2912. A bill to establish a commission to examine the United States monetary policy, evaluate alternative monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward (Rept. 114– 331). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3189. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods 
of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–332, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3859. A bill to make technical corrections to the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Rept. 114–333). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3875. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–334). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2270. A bill to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Historic Site within the 
amendments (Rept. 114–335). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2360. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–336). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3032. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain reporting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission (Rept. 114– 337). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1478. A bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–338). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2243. A bill to suspend the current compensation packages for the senior executives of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and establish compensation for such positions in accordance with rates of pay for senior employees in the Executive Branch of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–339, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 526. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–340). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2243 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3189 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3996. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. considered and passed. 
CLYBURN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ROWN of 
H.R. 3997. A bill to amend MAP21 to establish a veterans business enterprises program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3998. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
POMPEO , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. 
CRAMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
H.R. 3999. A bill to require that the Secretary of Homeland Security certify that refugees admitted to the United States from Iraq or Syria are not security threats to the United States prior to admission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of the 2008 and 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 4001. A bill to make technical amendments to title 18 of the United States Code based on the Law Revision Counsel’s footnotes in that title; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and 
H.R. 4002. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to make various improvements in Federal criminal law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
(for herself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 4003. A bill to require reports on agency rules with criminal penalties for the violation thereof, to evaluate the necessity and prudence of such rules remaining in effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4004. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to repeal the suspension of eligibility for grants, loans, and work assistance for drugrelated offenses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
H.R. 4005. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, 
United States Code, to allow local hiring for transportation projects; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4006. A bill to provide the public with 
access to the laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Nationality Act to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, upon the request of a law enforcement official, to make a prompt determination of whether to issue a detainer in the case of an alien arrested for a violation of Federal, State, or local law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
RANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
H.R. 4008. A bill to protect victims of crime 
or serious labor violations from deportation during Department of Homeland Security enforcement actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and 
H.R. 4009. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to treat flamethrowers the same as machineguns; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
H.R. 4010. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 4011. A bill to increase the number of 
graduate medical education positions treating veterans, to improve the compensation of health care providers, medical directors, and directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4012. A bill to provide for a supplementary payment to Social Security beneficiaries, supplemental security income beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H INOJOSA, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
H.R. 4013. A bill to create an equitable and 
excellent education system in the United States so that every child, regardless of race, ethnicity, social class, or State of residence, can receive a highquality, academically rigorous education in a local public school; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4014. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a distracted driving education grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4015. A bill to amend title III of the 
Public Health Service Act to authorize and support the creation of cardiomyopathy education, awareness, and risk assessment materials and resources by the Secretary of Health and Human Services through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the dissemination of such materials and resources by State educational agencies to identify more atrisk families; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4016. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the limitation on the carryover of excess corporate charitable contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Tennessee, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and 
H.R. 4017. A bill to recognize that Christians and Yazidis in Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, and Libya are targets of genocide, and to provide for the expedited processing of immigrant and refugee visas for such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
H.R. 4018. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to establish deferred presentment transaction requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to prohibit the taking, importation, and exportation of Orcas and Orca products for public display, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and percentage of students who graduate from high school college and career ready with the ability to use knowledge to solve complex problems, think critically, communicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4021. A bill to award grants to encourage State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools to utilize technology to improve student achievement and college and career readiness, the skills of teachers and school leaders, and the efficiency and productivity of education systems at all levels; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
SESSIONS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. O LSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
SANFORD , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
Labor Relations Act to reform the National Labor Relations Board, the Office of the General Counsel, and the process for appellate review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A L 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. M AXINE  
COLEMAN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
HOYER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H. Con. Res. 93. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment; to the Committee on House Administration. considered and agreed to. 
strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015, that resulted in the loss of at least 129 lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H. Res. 525. A resolution urging the Administration to work with North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states to invoke Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in response to the Paris attacks; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOYCE (for himself, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. E STY, and 
goals and ideals of American Education Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. H AHN, Ms. K ELLY of 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the Victims of the Terror Protection Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution Number 107, requesting the Congress of the United States to renew funding for Save the Dream Ohio through the United States Department of the Treasury’s Hardest Hit Fund, to continue to provide assistance to homeowners in the state of Ohio at risk of foreclosure; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
H.R. 3997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power to . . . provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. 
H.R. 3998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 4001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the Constitution 
H.R. 4002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 4005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 4006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
at Large compile the legal acts of the government of the United States, including legislative measures enacted pursuant to powers throughout Article I of the Constitution and constitutional amendments proposed under Article V of the Constitution. It is both necessary and proper (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) for the legal history of the United States to be accessible to the People in an accessible format on the Internet. 
H.R. 4007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 4008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 4009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. Art. I § 8. By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 4010. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4012. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4013. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4014. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4015. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 4016. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 4017. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the U.S. 
Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4018. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power ....  T o  regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Orca Responsibility and Care Advancement Act is constitutionally authorized under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘the Commerce Clause’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘the Necessary and Proper Clause.’’ Additionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4021. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 4022. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
HUELSKAMP , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 379: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD . 
H.R. 563: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. S COTT of 
H.R. 662: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 793: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 845: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 973: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and 
H.R. 994: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H.R. 1062: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BUSTOS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
VARGAS , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 1399: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
H.R. 1567: Ms. E STY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
H.R. 1571: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. 
H.R. 1625: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. W ALZ, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , 
H.R. 1763: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C LEAVER , 
H.R. 2293: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. C ONAWAY and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 2515: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2522: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
TITUS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 2713: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. B RENDAN  
H.R. 2715: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. A DAMS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2957: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 2972: Ms. K USTER and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 3225: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. 
H.R. 3339: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OOPER , and 
H.R. 3381: Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3427: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 3520: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 3541: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3546: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. S LAUGH TER. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. R IGELL , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. C ALVERT , and 
H.R. 3700: Mr. B ARRand Mr. P OSEY . 
MOORE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3711: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
AGUILAR , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 3713: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. O LSON , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3714: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ANNA , and 
H.R. 3760: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. 
H.R. 3761: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. E NGEL . 
YARMUTH , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3790: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
H.R. 3802: Mr. H ARRIS and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 3805: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and 
REICHERT , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 3808: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 3815: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
ADAMS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
York, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 3841: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
H.R. 3842: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 3852: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3862: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 3880: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. N OEM, 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. 
H.R. 3914: Mr. N UNES and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3927: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 3940: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. N UNES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
H.R. 3943: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3944: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
H.R. 3957: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 3986: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. R OONEY of 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R OKITA , 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R OKITA , 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. 
H. Res. 210: Ms. G ABBARD and Ms. M ENG. H. Res. 289: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 386: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H. Res. 469: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H. Res. 494: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. B OST, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. Z INKE. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. Maxine Waters of California. 
H. Res. 505: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. K IND, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. T ED 
H. Res. 506: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Ms. K USTER . 
H. Res. 510: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
H. Res. 511: Mr. P AYNE . H. Res. 513: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 514: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ARRIS , and 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
the City of Miami Commission, relative to Resolution R150454, urging the President and members of Congress to provide transparency, public participation, and collaboration during the discussions of the TransPacific Partnership Agreement and to consider the opinions of hard working Americans while deliberating the terms and ramifications of the agreement; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7959 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2015 No. 168 