Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, when a married couple killed 14 people celebrating the holidays in San Bernardino last Thursday, President Obama immediately used this terrible tragedy to renew his call for tougher gun restrictions. 
Never mind the fact that the shooting took place in California, which has some of the strictest gun laws in the 
Nation, or that authorities would quickly determine this rampage was an act of terrorism that appears to have been inspired by the Islamic State. 
night’s televised address from the Oval Office where President Obama sought to reassure the American people that his administration is taking the threat of terrorism seriously. Sadly, the only thing he revealed was he has no comprehensive strategy to confront and defeat ISIS. The President continues to cling to failing policy. 
bipartisan bill to update our visa waiver program to reduce the risk of an extremist entering the country from abroad. However, only the Commander in Chief can provide the wideranging plan that is necessary to eliminate the danger caused by radical Islamist terrorism. 
about what can be done with our military, our intelligencegathering, and our international partners. We are facing a new era of violence and terrorism where danger exists both abroad and on American soil. We must do all that we can to eliminate the extremist threat. 
people have no faith in the Federal Government. While the United States remains one step behind our enemy and Americans wonder if our country is safe, the Justice Department is undermining Congress’ spending authority by funneling money to President Obama’s political allies. 
cases against corporate bad actors, and those companies agree to settlements that often include financial penalties. However, the Department has begun to mandate that at least some of that penalty money be paid in the form of donations to nonprofits that allegedly aid consumers and bolster neighborhoods. The purpose of financial penalties is 
to punish the bad actors and provide restitution to real victims. However, the list of governmentapproved nonprofit beneficiaries reads like a who’s who of liberal activist groups. An investigation by the House Judiciary and Financial Services Committees revealed that DOJ has used mandatory donations to direct as much as half a billion dollars to these activist groups. 
outside of the congressional appropriations and oversight process. The Miscellaneous Receipts Act requires money received by the government from any source to be deposited in the Treasury. Directing banks to give money to third parties evades that statute. 
June that blocks funding for negotiating settlements that require a defendant to donate to an organization or an individual not involved in the litigation. This commonsense amendment passed by voice vote and should absolutely be included in the omnibus spending bill we are expected to vote on this week. 
this administration and restore the people’s faith in their government. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota) at 2 
millions of Americans, many live in fear of the dangers that abound. Just as at Pearl Harbor 74 years ago, violence in our land has been visited upon us. 
us to have no fear, for You are with us. Help us to put our trust in You and thus live up to our motto, which faces the assembly as a constant call to us. Bless all the peacemakers of our world. May Your eternal spirit be with them and with us always. 
the Members of this assembly in the important and difficult work they are given to do. Give them wisdom and charity, that they might work together for the common good. 
May all that is done this day in the 
people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) come forward and lead the 
Ms. D ELBENE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize a student from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District who is giving back to her community while helping our environment. 
College Area High School, teamed up with a waste management company in 2012 to recycle a number of items, including granola bar wrappers and cereal bags. She also set up boxes at her school so her fellow classmates and teachers could contribute to her efforts. 
than 18,200 granola bar wrappers, around 3,500 cereal bags, and approximately 1,800 oral care products. More 
importantly, proceeds from those items have gone to local organizations, including the Boalsburg Cemetery Association and the Penn State Figure Skating Club. 
see charitable efforts such as this one in the communities we represent. What makes this even more praiseworthy, though, is Kara Eckert’s regard for her community at such a young age. 
I wish her the best of luck as she finishes her high school career and in the next step of her education. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, terrorists shouldn’t be able to legally buy guns. However, right now, someone on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can go into a gun store and buy a firearm of their choosing—legally. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States. 
three times to protect the ability of suspected terrorists to continue buying guns. This made our country less safe. 
a discharge petition that would allow us to vote on a bipartisan bill to close the terror list loophole. The bill makes sure those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can’t walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and buy a gun. 
about the accuracy of the list, let’s scrub the list. If you agree that terrorists shouldn’t be able to have guns, then put your name down in writing, and let’s have a vote. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to honor Douglas ‘‘Stretch’’ Baker of Nye County, Nevada, for his dedicated service to save and preserve the Tonopah Historic Mining Park. The park, a critically acclaimed tourism site, is a crucial part of the mining heritage of Tonopah and the proud history of the State of Nevada. 
countless hours of his time and use of his equipment to make the site safe and attractive to visitors, to build a unique welcoming sign and gate, and to promote the park through appropriate signage. 
When it became known that the signature Mizpah shaft was in immediate need of repair, the Tonopah Historic Mining Park Foundation undertook a momentous fundraising effort to save the structure and was able to raise over $100,000. Mr. Baker was invaluable in the effort, even acting as a crane operator and ‘‘adviser in chief.’’ 
Baker is to be commended, along with the Tonopah Historic Mining Park Foundation Board, for bringing the exciting project to a successful conclusion, thereby preserving one of the most important artifacts of Nevada’s mining history. 
Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, the Pacific Northwest has always been a leader when it comes to climate change. However, it is critical the United States shows the same leadership globally. That is why it is so encouraging to hear the reports from the climate summit in Paris. We need to take action not just domestically, but around the world. 
we know firsthand how damaging climate change can be. From longer and worsening fire seasons, increased pests and invasive species, an acidifying ocean to more unpredictable natural disasters, a vast majority of the population recognizes climate change as a growing problem in need of international solutions. 
will be leaving the next generation but not enough about the environment we are leaving our children and our grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for bold solutions and an international approach to combat climate change. This summit comes at a crucial time, and we look forward to its progress. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the MicrobeadFree Waters Act of 2015. 
that borders Lake Michigan. The Great Lakes are the source of fresh drinking water for literally millions of Americans. Jobs, recreation, and tourism all depend on a healthy and flourishing Great Lakes ecosystem, and we must do all that we can to protect this vital natural resource. 
Mr. Speaker, microbeads are microscopic pieces of plastic that are included in products like soaps and cosmetics. They are designed to help these products to be more effective. But when these products are used, the microbeads inside them can get into the Nation’s waterways. They end up accumulating in lakes, rivers, and oceans—where they stay, and where they eventually collect toxic chemicals 
Waters Act is a great step forward to preserving the Great Lakes for our future generations. As a cosponsor of this important bill, I urge its passage. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, as a Member of Congress, I take seriously my responsibility to protect and defend the American people. 
That is why it is so troubling to me 
that Republicans in Congress last week voted three times to block debate on a bill, offered by Republican Congressman PETER KING, that would close a 
loophole that allows suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy assault weapons. 
to the GAO, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list tried to buy weapons in the U.S. over the last 11 years; 91 percent of them walked away with a weapon. 
that we face, this loophole should be closed. We should make it harder for suspected terrorists to buy assault weapons, not easier. 
Mr. Speaker, 80 percent of gun owners support keeping guns away from people on the terror watch list. Yet Republicans in Congress and the NRA continue to block commonsense bills to do what? To allow suspected terrorists to purchase weapons? Congress needs to act to protect the American people and close this dangerous loophole. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
President Obama is misleading Americans about climate change. At a news conference in Paris, the President claimed that fish are swimming through the streets of Miami as a result of climate change. There is indeed something fishy about this story. 
Service, south Florida has been under a coastal flood advisory as a result of ‘‘high . . . tides due to the lunar cycle.’’ This is the cause of the high tides which subsequently led to flooding in lowlying areas. 
and Sun, along with strong easterly winds, caused the abnormal tides, not climate change. How could the President not know this? 
alarmism and exaggeration is not good science; it is science fiction. The administration wants to advance an extreme climate change agenda that will damage our economy and have little 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
we recognize the somber 74th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. 
gripped in shock and sadness. Over 2,000 lives were lost, and over 1,000 servicemembers were wounded. We honor and remember those lives lost during this horrific attack. These brave men and women fought for our freedoms and made the ultimate sacrifice. 
Nation demonstrated following this tragedy. From the ashes rose the Greatest Generation and a stronger United States of America. As President Roosevelt said: ‘‘The American people, in their righteous might, will win through to absolute victory.’’ 
honor the lives lost. We are reminded of the sacrifices made and of the strength of our great Nation. I am forever grateful for all those in our armed services and the sacrifices they make for each and every one of us. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
a date which will live in infamy. No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion, the American people, in their righteous might, will win through to absolute victory. So help us, Almighty God. 
Mr. Speaker, that was Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s reaction to an attack on the United States. 
Obama held a rare Oval Office address to give his update on ISIS. His message—stay the course with the same ineffective strategy. Not as inspiring as Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s address when the United States faced another enemy. 
ground troops and more gun control. He called ISIS the JV team. They defied American airstrikes and expanded their caliphate, killing everyone in their way. 
before 130 people were slaughtered in the City of Light. He said there was no immediate, credible threat to the homeland. Days later, 14 people died in San Bernardino at the hands of ISIS sympathizers. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to approve an authorization to use military force, specifically against ISIS. ISIS is 
at war with the United States. It is time for the United States to be at war with ISIS, and the Commander in Chief should lead us to absolute victory. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
colleagues have come to the floor and we do remember Pearl Harbor and we remember this day. And we also remember how our relatives who talked about this who served, how they told these stories. I think we are blessed to have that insight into history. It is such a difference when you compare what the President did last night—13 minutes is what he had to say about terrorism and the war on terror. 
of my constituents. Their words are this: He is tone deaf, he is in denial, he is the fearful leader—the fearful leader. They want to see leadership that will communicate the message: we are going to find you, we are going to destroy you, and we are going to destroy your networks. That is not what the President has been saying. 
very timid and very hesitant in this fight. They feel like that he just does not get it. They have a lot of questions that they are asking me: Why is it that he is so timid in fighting terrorism? Could it be that he does not possess the courage to call them out? That he thinks America is to blame for this? Or he doesn’t want to offend our enemies? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate agreed to Conference Report H.R. 22. 
That the Senate passed S. 2032. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 3762. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 614) to provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015’’. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
1974.—To ensure consistency with the principles of section 552a of title 5, United States 
of 1974’), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may issue guidance that establishes privacy and other requirements that shall be incorporated into Do Not Pay Initiative access agreements with States, including any contractor, subcontractor, or agent of a State, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States.’’; and 
Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note) is amended— 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall establish a procedure under which each Secretary shall, promptly and on a regular basis, submit information relating to the deaths of individuals to each agency for which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines receiving and using such information would be relevant and necessary. 
DATA ACCESS AND USE FOR IMPROPER PAYMENTS PURPOSES .— 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the heads of other relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, and Indian tribes and tribal organizations, as appropriate, shall issue guidance regarding implementation of the Do Not Pay Initiative under section 5 to— 
‘‘(ii) for which the Director determines improved data matching would be relevant, necessary, or beneficial. 
Section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
ANALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Federal Improper 
Payments Coordination Act of 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a report which shall include a description of— 
Do Not Pay Business Center operated by the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of detecting, preventing, and recovering improper payments through preaward, postaward prepayment, and postpayment analysis, which shall include a description of any analysis or investigations incorporating— 
and programs for which comparison of data could show payment duplication; and 
whether the analytic and investigatory efforts have reduced, or contributed to the reduction of, improper payments or improper awards; and 
data analytics operations performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) and 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
that we take up today, but there has actually been a House bill that is almost exactly the same for the last year or so. 
to the floor is one of those stories that should make folks confident that the system can work. I was on a Facebook townhall meeting about a year and a half ago and got a question from one of the constituents about all the money that they have heard the government wastes by paying the wrong people, paying dead people, or paying people way too much money. 
Speaker, because shortly after that, my uncle passed away. When my uncle passed away, I was named executor of his estate. It was the first time I have ever been the executor of an estate. One of the things I remember was that I got a notice 10 days after he had died, very shortly—2 weeks—from the Social 
Security Administration saying: You are going to get another check for your uncle. Don’t cash it or else you can be in a lot of trouble. 
is a Federal agency that is actually doing its job in very short order and very efficiently. And I filed that away. 
my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), who is the subcommittee chairman of the Government Operations on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, was having a hearing about all of these payments that we are not supposed to be making. I had a chance to ask some questions, and I told that story to the government witnesses from the executive branch who were there. I said: Look, how is it that this works so well in the Social Security Administration, but we have all these tales of all these improper payments going to other people? 
that is because the Social Security Administration has a really, really good database, and they process the information very well when folks die. 
I asked what I thought was a relatively straightforward question: Why don’t they share the information with the other Federal agencies? 
What we set out to try and do is try and take circumstances, take examples of where the Federal Government actually does its job well and use that as a model that can be shared by other parts of the government. 
that we are talking about is S. 614. There was a House version of it that I worked off of, just because I am a little bit more familiar with it. It is H.R. 2320. The language is almost exactly the same. 
specific, large things and one small thing. It expands that Social Security database. So it takes this, again, this example of something that actually works the way that it is supposed to, and lets other folks use the information. 
now be able to use it. State contractors will now be able to gain access to it. The judicial branch will be able to gain access to it, and the legislative branch will as well. 
good information is not being shared broadly throughout governments— local, State, and Federal—and we are seeking to fix that in the bill. 
The other thing the bill does is to expand what is called the Do Not Pay portal. This is a database that is managed by the United States Department of the Treasury and contains, again, 
passed away, how much money people should be receiving, who has moved, and who is entitled to benefits and who is not. 
that the bill does, Mr. Speaker. It seems inevitable that we cannot pass a bill here without asking for a report that goes along with it. But I think it is probably common sense to say that at some point in the future, we would like the Treasury to tell us if it is actually working. 
that I come up here and tell you that there are examples of the Federal Government doing its job well; but when we do find those examples, I am very happy to get up and admit it. As a small government, conservative Republican, ordinarily I am the one that says government never does anything right; but here, actually, parts and parcels of the Federal Government are doing their job well. If we can take that example, take that model and expand it to other parts of the government, we would actually have a chance to solve what is a real problem. 
on improper payments, payments to people who should not have received it, payments to people who have passed away, or payments to people in the wrong amount—$125 billion. We just had a major fight on this floor 2 weeks ago over spending $80 billion extra in the budget bill, yet we spend that much, half again, on improper payments every single year. In fact, it is one of the fastest growing line items in our budget. That $125 billion represents a 15 percent increase over the previous year. One of the fastest growing areas of our government is improper payments. 
Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, and Mr. W ESTMORELAND  
in the House for helping bring this bill to the floor. Also, I want to thank Senator CARPER from Delaware and Senator R ONJOHNSON from Wisconsin for 
I guess that is another inevitability, that, if the Senate has the same bill as the House does, the Senate gets all the credit. But sometimes it is interesting to see what you can actually accomplish around here, Mr. Speaker, if you don’t worry about who gets the credit. 
took the time and the effort to shepherd this very sound, wellconsidered, and bipartisan bill to the floor today. 
Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act before the House this afternoon. I am pleased to join my friend from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
in sponsoring the House companion of this bipartisan legislation. He has already mentioned the cosponsors, CHERI 
BUSTOS , B UDDY CARTER , and L YNN 
want to thank our Senate partners for their work on this important initiative. 
up a companion bill to this tomorrow in our committee, and hopefully we will send it over to the Senate with a House number on it. Fair is fair. 
This is the latest in a series of commonsense, goodgovernment laws we have enacted over the last decade as we work to reduce, if not outright eliminate, billions of taxpayer dollars in improper payments made by Federal agencies. The gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) pointed out 
just how large a number this is: $125 billion a year. 
Now, over a decade, that is $1.25 trillion. That exceeds all of sequestration. We wouldn’t have to make any cuts to investments or raise any taxes to deal with sequestration if we just dealt with this. With the GAO reporting nearly $125 billion of improper payments, it is clear that more can and must be done to deal with government waste and fraud. 
Do Not Pay Initiative to the legislative and judicial branches and to our State partners. That initiative was the result of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, which was also a product of our committee, and I was pleased to cosponsor it at that time. 
launched by Treasury and leverages multiple data sources—many of which were formerly siloed—to create a central, comprehensive list that Federal agencies can quickly reference to determine whether an individual or organization is, in fact, eligible to receive a Federal grant, benefit, or contract; and it also allows them to verify such payments after the fact. 
prompted agencies to better share the reporting of death information to help reduce Federal payments to those, obviously, we have lost or for those who have had their identities stolen. Today’s legislation would require the Departments of Defense and State to report information on deaths that occur overseas more quickly so that the agencies can better detect fraudulent payments or recoup improper payments if necessary. 
Just last week, Mr. Speaker, the Office of Management and Budget delivered its first report to Congress on the Do Not Pay Initiative, which it says resulted in more than $2 billion in stopped payments—that is to say, savings for the U.S. taxpayer. Obviously, we can, with this bill, increase that number even more. 
good sense for us to expand the use of this valuable tool to the legislative and judicial branches, as well as our State 
partners, so they have the ability to quickly verify payments or the eligibility of recipients to receive such payments. 
welcomed suggestion from the GAO in its latest report on improper payments. I would also add that the Oversight and Government Reform Committee will continue this work, as I indicated, with a markup tomorrow. 
leadership on this matter, and I urge our colleagues to support this important reform to our government in making it more efficient and accountable to the taxpayer. 
gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), my good friend and the cosponsor of this legislation. 
Congressman C ONNOLLY and Congressman M ULVANEY for their hard work on 
Mr. Speaker, as one of the Democratic coleaders of this legislation, I am so proud to rise in support of the Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015. The goal of this bill is straightforward: simply, to save taxpayer dollars that are currently going to waste and to make the Federal Government more effective and more efficient. 
Government spends billions of dollars in improper payments. This not only wastes taxpayer dollars, but it also erodes the public trust in government. Just last year, as my colleagues have pointed out, improper payments by the Federal Government rose to $125 billion. That is more than $1 trillion over a decade. That is according to the Office of Management and Budget. It is also an increase of 15 percent up from the year before, where it was $106 billion. So we are talking about real money here. 
have to figure out how to cut costs to get their budgets in line. We all know that. I think it is time that Washington do the same thing. That is why our bill takes reasonable—reasonable— 
steps to improve information sharing between Federal and State agencies to prevent these improper payments. 
agencies by putting 21st century data analytics to work in identifying and eliminating governmentwide waste and fraud. The status quo is, plain and simple, not acceptable. 
families have to tighten their belts and cut costs, they expect Congress to act responsibly with their hardearned taxpayer dollars. This bipartisan legislation represents a commonsense approach to a problem that is costing the taxpayers billions of dollars. This is undermining the effectiveness and the credibility of the Federal Government. 
work together. I want to applaud my colleagues for joining our efforts to protect taxpayers. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
I, also, in closing, just want to say to 
my friend from South Carolina, part of improper payments is also fraud, and the biggest chunk of that is Medicare fraud. We need the help of U.S. Attorney’s Offices to go after that. I am aware of one U.S. Attorney’s Office last year that identified and recovered $3 billion of Medicare fraud. Now, I believe there are 99 U.S. Attorney’s Offices in the United States. If every one of them made going after this fraud a priority, I assure you, we could significantly reduce improper payments by a commensurate amount. I would be glad to work with him and my friend, Mrs. BUSTOS , on a bipartisan basis to address that aspect of it as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 614. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1321) to prohibit the sale or distribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 331) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
solid plastic particle that is less than five millimeters in size and is intended to be used to exfoliate or cleanse the human body or any part thereof; and 
on July 1, 2017, and with respect to introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce, beginning on July 1, 2018; and 
case of a rinseoff cosmetic that is a nonprescription drug, with respect to manufacturing, beginning on July 1, 2018, and with respect to the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce, beginning on July 1, 2019. 
Act (or the amendments made by this Act) shall be construed to apply with respect to drugs that are not also cosmetics (as such terms are defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support of H.R. 1321, the Microbead Free Waters Act of 2015. 
my friend, Energy and Commerce Committee Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE from New Jersey, on this very important bill to begin the phaseout of plastic microbeads, which you can see in this picture, literally the size of a pinhead sometimes on a penny, to begin the phaseout of plastic microbeads from personal care products on July 1, 2017. 
what exactly is a microbead? Well, I am sure many of you here and at home 
are using products that contain microbeads without even realizing it. Microbeads are those tiny little scrubbers in cleansers, body scrubs, and even toothpaste. On their own, they are nearly invisible, smaller than a pinhead, as I indicated. 
drain, that is when the problem really begins. They are so small they easily flow through the water filtration systems and end up in our bodies of water, obviously, including the Great Lakes, where I hail from. They are known to absorb pollutants and often mistaken as food by fish and wildlife. Simply put, microbeads are causing megaproblems. 
Michigan and represents a large chunk of the Michigan coastline, I understand firsthand how important it is to maintain the beauty and integrity of our Great Lakes and all of our water systems. The Great Lakes have survived many a foe—severe pollution, oil spills, discharge from refineries, zebra mussels, and attempts to steal our water, just to name a few. We are going to fight any activity that puts our beloved Great Lakes in jeopardy. 
have created a patchwork of differing laws, which creates problems for interstate commerce. This bipartisan legislation will also preempt all State and local laws related to microbeads in cosmetics, which will ensure certainty for manufacturers and other job creators across the country. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in 
ending this pesky problem of microbeads. They are tiny plastic, but big time pollution. As Michigan’s Holland Sentinel editorialized this past spring, ‘‘There’s no reason keeping our faces feeling clean should require us to trash our lakes.’’ 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
of H.R. 1321, the MicrobeadFree Waters Act of 2015. 
This legislation sets up a strong Federal program to ban the use of plastic microbeads in personal care products. I would like to personally thank Chairman FREDUPTON for working with me 
in cosmetic products, such as face washes and toothpaste, for many years. These tiny plastic beads are often used 
as exfoliants, removing dead skin cells from the surface of the skin. While these plastic particles are not harmful to the user of the product, in recent years, studies have shown that these tiny particles that are often washed down the drain are making it through the wastewater treatment process and ending up in our Nation’s waterways. We must put a stop to this unnecessary and avoidable pollution. 
the Great Lakes, the world’s largest source of freshwater, have turned up alarmingly high levels of microplastic. In addition to contributing to the buildup of plastic pollution in waterways, microbeads can often be mistaken by fish and other organisms as food. I have serious concerns about fish and other aquatic life potentially ingesting these particles and the effect this could have on humans who consume fish that have ingested the plastic. 
Numerous natural, biodegradable alternatives to plastic microbeads already exist in commerce and product supply chains, including apricot seeds, walnut shells, and pecan shell powder. Several personal care product companies have already announced plans to phase out the use of plastic microbeads in their products in favor of natural exfoliants. 
States have enacted some form of a ban on plastic microbeads in personal care products. Yet, in my opinion, we need a national solution. Our Nation’s waterways do not always respect State boundaries. In order to put a stop to these plastic particles making their way into our oceans, lakes, and streams, we need to ban plastic microbeads in every State. 
product of bipartisan input since it has moved through the committee process. Chairman UPTON and I have worked to 
strengthen and clarify a number of provisions in the bill, most notably, by setting up an aggressive timetable for the phaseout of these products, which begins in 2017, earlier than any of the currently enacted State laws. 
use of biodegradable plastic as an alternative ingredient, a loophole that has been discovered in a number of existing State laws. Many of the State laws contain a provision allowing companies to transition to biodegradable plastic as an alternative ingredient, and little is known about the ability of these biodegradable plastics to break down in a marine environment. 
scope of this bill was carefully chosen. Plastic microbead is defined as any solid plastic particle that is less than 5 millimeters in size and is used to exfoliate or cleanse the human body. This definition limiting the scope to exfoliating products is also in all nine State passed laws, and it focuses the prohibition on the products currently containing plastic microbeads that are being washed down the drain. 
State laws regulating plastic microbeads and cosmetics. While I am 
typically not a supporter of preempting State law, the strong Federal standard we have developed is more protective and implementation will occur sooner than in any State law in place. 
our Nation’s waterways has always been one of my top priorities. It is an issue that helps further creation of the Environmental Protection Agency in 1970 after the Cuyahoga River in Ohio caught fire. While much progress has been made, we must continue our efforts to protect America’s waterways. And by banning plastic microbeads in personal care products, we are taking one more step towards a cleaner and 
important legislation. Again, thank our Chairman UPTON , and I reserve the 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. 
This was his legislation, which I cosponsored, as he indicated. We moved it through regular order, lots of hearings, a unanimous vote in subcommittee and full committee, and we want to get this bill to the President for him to sign. 
Great Lakes Coalition, our colleagues in the Great Lakes States—Republican and Democrat—but also our Senators from the Great Lakes as well, there is huge interest in getting this bill to the President. It will, indeed, make a difference. The phaseout time was appropriate, so, in essence, we are telling the manufacturers to stop making it, and a time then for them to see the products off the shelf, so that ultimately, they will not be in cosmetics or toothpaste and other personal care products. 
Again, I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership on this. I look forward to passing it on a bipartisan vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
he pointed out, this truly has been a bipartisan effort. There is also a Senate bill that is bipartisan that this matches, which I think was a strong indication that we can get this bill not only passed here, but also in the Senate and get it to the President’s desk. 
one of those occasions, which happens quite a bit, even though people don’t realize it, where the industry is actually in cooperation with us, and the cosmetic products industry supports this initiative as well. 
bill passed, and I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1321, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the manufacture and introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of rinseoff cosmetics containing intentionallyadded plastic microbeads.’’. 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2032. An act to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mrs. COMSTOCK , 
highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
reported that on December 4, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, HON. ANDY BARR, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 9 AND OCT. 17, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. ANDY BARR, Nov. 10, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO NORWAY, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 9 AND OCT. 13, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, Nov. 10, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015* 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* Amended. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Nov. 9, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Nov. 13, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3666. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District [EPAR09OAR 
3673. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21208, ‘‘Truancy Referral Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to 
814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, General Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Retention Periods [FAC 200585; FAR Case 2015009; Item V; 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 158. A bill to clarify the grounds for ineligibility for travel to the United States regarding terrorism risk, to expand the criteria by which a country may be removed from the Visa Waiver Program, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on strengthening the Electronic System for Travel Authorization to better secure the international borders of the United States and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–369, Pt. 1). Order to be printed. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2795. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effectiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event; with an amendment (Rept. 114–370). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 1321. A bill to prohibit the sale of distribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads; with amendments (Rept. 114–371). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of food waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Ms. DELBENE): 
goals and ideals of ‘‘Computer Science Education Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  
of California, Mr. K LINE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
HENSARLING , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. E NGEL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP  
of Georgia, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 415: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and 
H.R. 721: Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1482: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
H.R. 1595: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. R OSS. 
MALONEY of New York, and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 1671: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2082: Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and 
H.R. 2302: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 2500: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 2657: Mr. D ENT, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. 
H.R. 2660: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. D ANNY K. 
H.R. 2680: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Ms. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. L ATTA and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3639: Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3700: Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3791: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H.R. 3848: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 3888: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 4094: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 4138: Mr. H UELSKAMP and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 4171: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H. Res. 32: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. 
H. Res. 536: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. K EATING , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. D EUTCH , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C HABOT . 
H. Res. 548: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S MITH 
H. Res. 553: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8427 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2015 No. 176 