to honor the memory of Sacramento County Sheriff Deputy Danny Oliver. 
of Sacramento County for 15 years when he paid the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty this past October. 
Later that day, Placer County Sheriff’s Investigator Michael Davis, Jr., was shot and killed by the same assailant. Deputy Oliver grew up in the Del 
Paso Heights neighborhood of Sacramento and graduated from Grant High School. He loved serving the community where he grew up and dedicated his life to making it better. He was known for being part of the community that he served, answering emails from concerned citizens even when he was off duty, and never declining to attend a neighborhood meeting. 
family as he was to his job, and his family was dedicated to him. His wife, Susan Oliver, worked two jobs while Danny went through the sheriff’s academy, where he graduated at the top of his class academically. She will be my guest tonight at the State of the Union. Susan and Danny have two daughters, Melissa and Jenny. 
The lives of Deputy Oliver and Investigator Davis are a reminder that our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day for our safety. They were true heroes, and we are forever indebted to them and their loved ones. Let’s honor their memory by building understanding and trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve, just like Deputy Oliver did. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, yesterday this Nation, including Puerto Rico, celebrated Martin Luther King Day. It is important to pause and reflect upon Dr. King’s legacy and its relevance to the issue of Puerto Rico’s political status. 
the most prominent leader of the civil rights movement for racial equality in the United States. He was physically brave, leading peaceful marches and 
other protests in parts of the country where some government officials and residents were willing to use violence and intimidation to maintain a system of segregation and discrimination. 
Dr. King was also remarkably eloquent. His speeches and writings inspired men and women who already supported the campaign for racial equality, but they also changed the hearts and minds of individuals who initially opposed the cause. He helped many Americans who were living in moral darkness to see the light. 
urgency. In a letter written from an Alabama jail, he stated that ‘‘justice too long delayed is justice denied.’’ But Dr. King was also strategic. Every action he took was carefully designed to advance the cause. He knew that means matter as much as ends, and he had little patience for advocates who lacked a sense of tactics and timing. 
at least two occasions, but it does not appear that he expressed a considered opinion about the island’s political status. Nevertheless, based on Dr. King’s philosophy, it is fair to presume that he would be very troubled by the situation in Puerto Rico. 
sacred. In a 1957 speech delivered in front of the Lincoln Memorial, he said: 
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably 
possess the right to vote, I do not possess myself. I cannot make up my mind; it is made up for me. I cannot live as a democratic citizen, observing the laws I have helped to enact; I can only submit to the edict of others. 
from an assassin’s bullet, the right to vote in Federal and local elections is guaranteed to all American citizens regardless of race, but only if they reside 
in a U.S. State. The 3.6 million American citizens residing in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico are denied this sacred right, unable to vote for the Federal leaders who make the laws that govern every aspect of their lives. We lack the very right that Dr. King lived for and the right he died for. 
a quest for equal rights and equal opportunities for African Americans. However, the principle that lay behind the movement and that gave it such moral power has broader application. It is the belief that there is only one category of American citizenship, not a firstclass citizenship for some and a secondclass citizenship for others. Every day that Puerto Rico remains a territory, an undemocratic and undignified status, this principle is violated. 
equality requires hard, determined, relentless work. It requires leaders who are both passionate and strategic, just as Dr. King was, but above all, it requires thousands upon thousands of ordinary men and women to unite around the principle, the principle of equality, and to fight for it until it is attained. 
fundamental truth that there is no force on Earth strong enough to stop a righteous cause pursued by righteous means. Our struggle to obtain equal rights and equal opportunities for the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico is a struggle for justice, and with tireless effort, we will prevail. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
what an interesting coincidence. We are here today to hear from the President of the United States, President Barack Obama, on his State of the Union. 
Just yesterday, millions of Americans honored together the legacy and the message of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I rise today to emphasize that Dr. King’s message was not a message for one particular ethnic or racial or religious group, but as I have reflected over the years, he equals the original values of this Nation. 
have come to order a more perfect Union. It is a small document. The Bill of Rights gives flesh to the bones of the Constitution because it gives us the freedom of religion and speech and access and the ability to move around, and the right to a jury trial and the right to due process and the right to dignity, and it freed the slaves. 
free us from the biases that sometimes come because of isolation, and that was Dr. King. He sought for America her higher angels. He wanted her to be able to be true to her values. For those who fled persecution in faraway places, he wanted America to be that place that 
did not see color, religion, ethnicity, did not see differences because one was disabled or gay or straight, but really saw us in an equal manner. 
would hope that as we begin this session of Congress, as we listen to the President of the United States, who literally stands on the shoulders of Dr. Martin Luther King—for it was the Civil Rights Act of 1964 where many lost their lives and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 where a young woman by the name of Viola Liuzzo died right after the Selma march. As she was bringing back those protestors and marchers, she was shot dead. She was a white woman from Michigan. And so I pay tribute to Dr. King today, and I look forward to listening to the President’s message that will hopefully be a message of hope and the opportunities for America to work together. 
own community. I pay tribute to a place called Freedmen’s Town, founded by former slaves, and Camp Logan, a place where Black soldiers were isolated in World War I, but they had on the uniform of this country. 
Scales, C. Anderson Davis, Reverend F.N. Williams, and, as well, S.J. Gilbert, Reverend J.J. Roberson, and many others who have walked the pathway, the leaders of the NAACP, the leaders of the Urban League, and many of our seniors who came to us to give us knowledge through their sacrifices of World War II, to the Buffalo Soldiers that we see in our community all the time, and to those who have put on the uniform through the ages. All of those persons combined make up the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King, who leaves us with the most important statement: ‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ 
As we now go on our new journey, let 
us look to respect our law enforcement but also look, as we stand alongside of the men and women in blue, that we also find a way to be able to bring justice and opportunity and, as well, fairness to the criminal justice system. 
It takes all of us to be able to get 
that system right side up: our law enforcement officers and their training, and then, of course, the judicial system. 
spirit of coming together, no matter what our race, color, or creed, whatever our body says to do, to be able to do what is right. 
speaking about Dr. King this weekend, I used one simple theme: he had a humble courage, a quiet courage. He had to make decisions in the quietness of his own presence and his own space to say, ‘‘I am willing to do what is right even though there may be danger.’’ 
about words that dealt with his own personal courage. He did say that he had a peace that would allow him to see the promised land and to acknowledge to us that he might not get there with us, but he knew that we as a people—and I take that ‘‘we’’ as the American people—will get there some day. 
many Fergusons around the Nation. Let us bring comfort to parents all around this Nation. Let us be reminded of Dr. King’s spirit, not just in this weekend of activities and respect and honor, but let us do it always. 
at home to Mr. Ovide Duncantell. Mr. Duncantell has been the visionary for our efforts in Houston on honoring Dr. Martin Luther King. He first met with Daddy King and named the street, and then we were able successfully, with Federal funds and working with Mr. Duncantell, to place a Martin Luther King memorial, the first built outside of Washington, D.C., in the last 10 years. We are excited about it. We know that his spirit is not in bricks and mortar; it is living within us. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 
The House prepares this day to welcome the President of the United States and other governmental, judicial, and military leadership of our Nation. The world watches as America’s great experiment in civilian selfgovernment is in high relief. 
this day be possessed of goodwill and a shared commitment to guarantee the freedoms and responsibilities inspired by the soaring rhetoric and subsequent actions of our American ancestors. 
congressional sessions the terms of debate and consideration of issues have been more reflective of partisan politics than productive problem solving. Perhaps this is to be expected, given the nature of republican forms of government. Even so, we ask that Your blessing and inspiration come down upon our elected leaders, that they might be moved to negotiations and solutions beyond their own imaginings. 
May all that is said and done in this 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) come forward and lead the 
Mr. CUMMINGS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
President addresses the Union tonight, promising more government, more spending, and more taxes. 
the November memo from America. The majority of the Union rejected the President’s policies in the election of persistent Big Government. 
King George III and the British imposed the Stamp Act 250 years ago this year. The colonists decried the new tax. 
of property and wealth is not a sound solution; after all, taxes are already too high; after all, revenue into the Federal coffers is at a record level; after all, Americans are already hammered by ObamaCare taxes; and after all, raising taxes is not a proven economic theory to grow the economy. We need less tax. We should consider the fair tax that does not discriminate in taxation. 
The President should remember history and not follow the old failed policy of King George III of more taxes but should pivot the Union to less taxation, less government, and more freedom for our citizens. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
was the day that we honor Martin Luther King’s life and legacy—it should be honored every day—a great American who stood for justice, liberty. Yet in this House, there is not a desire on the other side of the aisle to increase the minimum wage, which would be one of the first things Dr. King would want. There is not a desire on the other side of the aisle to pass a Voting Rights Act for which Dr. King is known to have worked on the march in Selma and help bring about some 50 years ago. And there is no effort to reduce the great disparity in wealth that threatens the middle class and threatens the future of democracy and the way we know America. 
Unfortunately, many and most of his values are being neglected by the majority in this House. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to remember and honor Rebecca D. Lockhart, a proud Utahn and, in fact, the immediate past speaker of the House of Representatives in Utah. Unfortunately, she passed away just a few days ago at the young age of 46. 
Utah House in 1998. She was trained as a registered nurse, and she first served on the Health and Human Services Committee but quickly threw herself into transportation issues, for which she was widely known. 
After her fourth session, she was appointed to the house leadership as the vice chair of executive appropriations and stayed in leadership the remainder of her time. 
Lockhart was elected as the assistant majority whip, and in 2010 she became the first female speaker of the Utah House in Utah history. Her tenure was epitomized by a more collaborative bottomup approach that focused on having an open process where all members of the body could bring forward ideas for discussion. 
Stan, raised their three children in Provo, Utah. They have been stalwarts within the party, and her presence will be keenly missed. Her trailblazing legacy will live on. 
and her family. We thank her for her service, and we will miss her greatly. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, this weekend we observed the celebration of the life of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. He talked about engagement for the American people, for jobs, for justice, for peace, and it was pretty exciting to see the response across the country at a time when all of these 
Tonight we will hear from the President of the United States. From what I hear about what he will present, it will reflect what we have seen across the country in terms of what he said last year reflected across the country: about when women succeed, America succeeds; about college affordability; about child care; about sick leave; all the kinds of issues that enable families—not just women, but families—to succeed. Hopefully it will reflect what we talked about on opening day: better infrastructure, bigger paychecks. 
As we all know, despite all of the economic gains and all the indicators that tell us that progress has been made in our economy—and, indeed, it has—it isn’t reflected in the paychecks of America’s working families. 
be in furtherance of increasing that paycheck, starting from the middle, starting from initiatives that benefit the middle class and those who aspire to it, all of it a reflection of the American people’s thinking, all of it about engagement for policies that Reverend Martin Luther King talked about, all of it hopefully that we are able to do in a bipartisan way. 
have common ground. Let us work together to get that done, build confidence between us in this body, among the American people, and keep America number one in education, innovation, and justice and a factor for peace in the world. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, after 6 years, American workers continue to lose jobs under President Obama’s failed economic policies. 
claim of job creation, but workers feel the facts. The administration’s policies have caused stagnant wages, weak economic growth, and a shift toward many Americans settling for parttime jobs. 
Washington Times reports that the 140 million employment payroll in November was up by only 1.2 percent over what it was 4 years previously. The statistic claimed by the President that the unemployment rate has gone down to 5.8 percent is inaccurate because so many people are eliminated as having stopped looking for jobs. 
In December, the labor force participation rate fell to the lowest point in over 30 years. This is not an economic recovery to be celebrating, and the American people deserve better solutions for jobs. 
House Republicans have passed bipartisan progrowth bills to create American jobs. We will keep fighting to help Americans get back to work fulltime. 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this morning most Americans woke up to the news that ISIS was holding two citizens of the nationstate of Japan and, in the holding of those citizens, threatening to kill them, asked Japan to give $200 million. 
organization that is dedicated and committed to principles however much we disagree with them, or does it sound like a group of thugs who are willing to do anything to gain money to promote their evil and dastardly acts? 
is not a reflection on Islam. Over the weekend, we have seen so many that have expressed opposition to these terrible acts. That is why it is so important, as we listen to the President’s State of the Union, that the Congress, although with different opinions, agree to work on behalf of what is good for all of America, both building the economy but fighting against the war on terror, not only with weapons but with educating about democracy and principles and equality and trying to win the hearts and minds. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of work to 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 37) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives condemning the recent terrorist attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seventeen innocent persons and offering condolences to those personally affected by this cowardly act. 
Islamist terrorists stormed the offices of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo and slaughtered twelve people, including editorial staff of the paper, a visitor, a security guard, a maintenance worker, and a Muslim police officer; 
Kouachi, who carried out the attack, were located and killed by police two days later and their hostages rescued; 
police officer on January 8, 2015, and intentionally targeted a kosher supermarket, taking multiple hostages and murdering four Jewish men on January 9, 2015, before French police raided the store, killed Coulibaly, and rescued the surviving hostages; 
had worked in coordination with Said and Cherif Kouachi and called them ‘‘brothers from our team’’; 
Whereas Hayat Boumeddiene, a fourth suspect connected with the attack and the commonlaw wife of Amedy Coulibaly, remains at large; 
to have traveled to Yemen in 2011 where they are reported to have received weapons training and met with Anwar alAwlaki, a senior member of alQaeda in the Arabian Peninsula; 
member of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria; 
including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, alQaeda and its affiliates worldwide, the Taliban and Haqqani network in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Ansar alSharia in Libya, Boko Haram in Nigeria, alShabaab in Somalia, Hizballah in Lebanon and Syria, Hamas in Gaza, and others, pose a growing threat to international peace and stability; 
an assault on fundamental principles essential to a democratic society, including the universal right to free expression and freedom of religion; 
Whereas the increase in antiSemitic attacks in France and throughout Europe remains of great concern; 
share a longstanding cultural, political, and economic relationship that has greatly benefitted both nations; 
France has been an ally of the United States, and French soldiers have fought sidebyside with American soldiers throughout history, including during two World Wars; 
United States and France plays an essential role in combating violent extremism in West and North Africa, the Middle East and around the world; and 
supporting its oldest ally France in this difficult time: Now, therefore, be it 
in Paris that resulted in the tragic loss of seventeen innocent lives; 
of France to ensure that all of those individuals who committed or supported these attacks are brought to justice; 
foreign fighters to and from the Middle East and West and North Africa and the threat posed by these individuals upon their return to their local communities; 
the multilateral effort to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; 
radical Islamist terrorist groups worldwide and reaffirms the commitment of the United States to the multilateral, global fight against such violent extremists; 
effort to combat violent extremist ideologies and terrorist groups; and 
free expression, including religious freedom, as well as other universal values that terrorists seek to destroy through a campaign of cowardly threats and reprehensible violence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to add any extraneous material to the RECORD in this 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
of this resolution. The resolution condemns the terrorist attack in France carried out by Islamist extremists earlier this month. 
On January 7, two armed gunmen entered the offices of Charlie Hebdo, the satirical magazine in Paris, and, in a brutal, premeditated attack, killed 12 people and injured 11 others. 
this play out on international media, their associate, Amedy Coulibaly, shot and killed a female police officer, and in the following days with the Kouachi brothers on the run, Coulibaly targeted a kosher supermarket where he shot and killed four Jewish shoppers and took multiple hostages. Later that day, courageous French police officers stormed the supermarket, killed the attacker, and freed the hostages. 
today, I think, that will comfort the families and the friends of the 17 people murdered in those terrorist attacks. 
maintenance workers, police officers, grocery shoppers, Christians, Jews, and Muslims. 
The Charlie Hebdo offices were attacked because their cartoons offended. The magazine’s editor was specifically marked as a target for death by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula’s online newspaper magazine called Inspire under the notsosubtle headline, ‘‘A Bullet a Day Keeps the Infidel Away.’’ 
the editor’s name before they shot and killed him. 
Hebdo was an attack on free speech. The right to express ideas and opinions, even if they are unpopular or offensive, is a foundation for a free society—France’s and ours. Frankly, the struggle of the Enlightenment has largely been a struggle against blasphemy laws going all of the way back to the foundation of this Republic and our First Amendment and Jefferson’s concept of freedom of speech and freedom of religion. 
magazine was attacked by terrorists. And, unfortunately, it probably won’t be the last time a media outlet like this is targeted. That is why this resolution resolves to uphold and defend the basic principle—free speech. 
The grocery store victims were murdered because they were Jewish. In the days following, France stationed thousands of police officers to guard France’s Jewish schools and synagogues in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks. Alarmingly, antiSemitic forces are on the rise in France and in much of Europe. 
record as condemning in the strongest terms possible the Paris attacks and extends the sympathy of every American to those affected by the tragedy. It reiterates our support for France, America’s sister republic, our oldest ally, and it calls upon all nations to join the global effort of fighting violent extremism. 
This is a time to not just express sorrow for those killed but also a time to show resolve in the face of terror. Our intelligencesharing with allies, already strong, will need to get much sharper; border checks improved; and coalition efforts to destroy ISIS will need to be stepped up. I urge all Members to support this resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of this resolution. 
radical Islamists in Paris were a tragedy for all who love peace and freedom. What happened at the offices of Charlie Hebdo and the kosher market reminds us this violent extremism remains a critical threat. I am happy to stand with the chairman here in showing strong bipartisanship once again because we grieve with France, our oldest ally. Our hearts break for all those who have lost loved ones in these attacks and for all who watched this carnage spill into their peaceful city streets. 
outpouring of support from France following September 11, 2011. But even as we mourn the dead, we draw inspiration from the displays of courage and solidarity on the streets of the City of Light, across Europe, and around the world. With the attackers still at large, 
Parisians took to the streets in massive and peaceful vigils. They sent a clear message to the world: freedom and justice will not be cowed by violence and terror. 
ancient evil of antiSemitism once again showed its ugly face. AntiSemitism is both a threat with which governments need to deal and a societal challenge requiring honest dialogue, critical selfexamination, and constant vigilance. France’s deployment of special troops and extra police to Jewish sites was the right thing to do. But much more will be needed in the days ahead to ensure that Europe’s largest Jewish community is safe from attack and free from fear. 
Just as America stands with the people of France against terrorism, Americans also stand shoulder to shoulder with European Jewry. 
today with this resolution. Whether in Paris or New York, Moscow or Jerusalem, whether homegrown or imported, whether targeting Jews, Muslims, Christians, or anyone else, violent extremism has no place in a civilized world. We will continue to work with our friends and allies to put a stop to this threat. It is important that Congress go on record as strongly opposed to this violence. We will do whatever it takes to secure the future of freedom and democracy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the 
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, and the author of this measure. 
thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this resolution to the House floor so quickly. 
morning in Paris just before lunchtime when two masked men with AK–47s approached a woman standing outside the door of the Charlie Hebdo newspaper, forcing her to let them in. 
down the security guard in the lobby and ran up to the second floor shouting, ‘‘Where is Charb? Where is Charb?’’ Charb is the nickname of the newspaper’s editor, Mr. Charbonnier. After reaching their target, they executed him and 10 others. They exited the building shouting, ‘‘Allahu Akbar,’’ or ‘‘God is the greatest.’’ Then they sped off. They would kill an injured Muslim police officer lying on the ground before they fled. 
for long. French law enforcement found and killed the men in a standoff near the Paris airport. That same day, another terrorist killed a female police officer and attacked a kosher supermarket and murdered four Jewish men. Once again, French law enforcement took care of the terrorists and rescued the hostages. 
didn’t like what people had to say. Mr. Speaker, it is a fundamental human right to have freedom of expression, freedom of press, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion. No amount of violence can take those rights away from us. It is basic. 
are not going to let Islamic radical terrorists steal those rights from anyone, whether it is the French, whether it is someone else in the world or even here in America. Mr. Speaker, after all, they killed at the kosher cafe because they not only didn’t like what people were saying, they didn’t like those people because they were Jews. 
swift justice down on these terrorists, but the fight is certainly not over. There may be, and probably are, hundreds of others around the world plotting to kill neighbors and countrymen and people in other Nations because those terrorists don’t agree with what those people say or what those people look like or what those people’s personal religion may be. They think they have the right to kill in the name of a radical Islamic religion. 
and it is deadly. This resolution remembers those folks who were killed because they believed the way they did or because they looked the way they looked or because their religion was different than others. We mourn when the French mourn. As stated earlier, the French are our oldest and first ally. 
portraits in this House Chamber, one of George Washington and one of Lafayette, the first great Frenchman who helped the United States. We have a close bond with the French. And it is important that we let them, the world, and especially the terrorists know that our bond with freedomloving countries will remain strong, especially in time 
of need, when people are attacked because of their beliefs and the idea that they can express a difference of opinion. 
enforcement for their speedy and quick resolve in disposing of these terrorists, and we should let them know that we appreciate all law enforcement who fight back against terrorists who want to kill us because we don’t agree with them. 
and the ranking member for bringing this resolution to the House floor. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
the tragic news that we heard early this morning of two Japanese citizens being held and ISIS asking for $200 million. 
Paris, France, and beyond was in their mind a connectedness to al Qaeda and others, proudly so, as they slaughtered those individuals who chose to lift up liberte in the spirit of the French people and take to the pen and assess the atmosphere of the day and provide humor to it. 
one person’s opinion, but I do know that liberte, democracy, liberty, and our own beliefs give every human being dignity and the freedom of expression, the free press, the right to free speech and religion, and I believe these are very valuable ideals. And so this resolution speaks to that by condemning the heinousness of the act. 
How many families—children, mothers, and fathers—were impacted by the loss of their loved ones? What a tragedy to see a police officer gunned down in the street who asked, as I reflect on the words as I recall them, to be left alone, and yet was shot again, and other officers in the line of duty being subjected to the violence of these individuals. 
should not be tolerated. But we are hearing from the voices of these terrorist groups that they are now asking individuals to stay in place, to stay at home and create jihad. At the same time, I have heard voices from the Islam extended community, people of the faith, Islamic faith, and I have heard them condemn these violent acts. I have heard them condemn these acts as not reflecting their faith. 
Then again, as we watched an individual slaughter Jewish persons in a kosher market purposely because of their faith, we cannot tolerate that. In one single voice, we should rise up as this resolution, H. Res. 37, says to express the affection for all people and their right to exist. That is, if you will, a universal phenomenon, to allow individual persons and individuals to exist without threat of heinous violence. As I talked about Dr. Martin Luther King, I said the very words he has commended to us: Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
journey into a new year, I don’t know how much we will be confronted with these horrible acts. I am on the Homeland Security Committee, and for a long time we were seeing the signs of what I call franchise terrorism. But I do know that it has to be a world, a global effort, but it also has to, as I began to talk about earlier, reach the 
hearts and minds of young men and possibly women who are being subjected to radicalism on the Internet or elsewhere. 
will, and begin to promote openly our values, which include respect for religious differences. As we do that, I believe it will be well worth the investment because we don’t know where this is going to end, and we certainly need to say to the American people that we are committed, in essence that we are on top of it, and that we have many solutions to this tragic problem. 
So I rise in support of H. Res. 37 for 
its condemnation and recognition of where we are today, and I ask for us to 
address this in a multitude of ways in order to have peace in this world and in our Nation. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Je suis Juif, I am Jewish. Mr. Speaker, Je suis Charlie, I am Charlie Hebdo. This is what we are all saying collectively as a Congress as we debate this bill today. This is what the people of France were saying and have been saying ever since the tragedy happened. People with placards and banners were carrying them high above France to show solidarity in the fight against terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, we have had an important conversation here in the House. I am heartened by the expressions of unity and resolve, and I hope they provide a measure of comfort to those families that are suffering who had loved ones who were killed and those who were wounded by this recent attack. 
Symbolism looms hard in foreign affairs, and with this resolution, we deliver a powerful message. We deliver it on the day the President is going to speak with us in the State of the Union, and I think nothing could be stronger than for this House unanimously to fight terrorism, to reject terrorism, and, again, to say, ‘‘Je suis Juif, Je suis Charlie.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman POEfrom Texas, chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, for authoring this important resolution; but I also want to thank our ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL of New York, for his support in bringing this resolution to the floor to ensure that we speak with one voice on issues of violent extremism and to ensure that we stand with our ally France at this difficult time. 
the Foreign Affairs Committee to sign a condolence book and greet the French Ambassador in person. Mr. ENGEL and I thanked them for their 
show of solidarity in this. Mr. Speaker, the ultimate reality is 
that these attacks in Paris are indicative of a resurgent terrorist threat from radical Islamist extremists. The brothers were connected to al Qaeda in Yemen, a particularly active and deadly al Qaeda franchise. The kosher market gunman pledged his allegiance to ISIS, which now controls parts of Iraq and Syria and has specifically targeted Americans. 
now to have traveled to Syria to fight or get training. Whether from organized groups or returning foreign fighters or lone wolves, the terrorist threat is real, and it is growing. 
happenstance but by a militant jihadi impulse united by ideology, by doctrine, and by practice, its adherents drawn all the way from Africa to Southeast Asia, from the Middle East to the Caucasus. 
heard by some here in Washington, in every corner of the globe, terrorist groups are growing in number, and they are growing in strength. In Europe, France is at the front lines of a dangerous and growing ideology that has, again, demonstrated that it knows no bounds. 
threat, it is imperative that we unequivocally condemn attacks on freedom of speech, condemn attacks on religious pluralism, and reaffirm our resolve to fight extremism. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 37. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 36. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 36. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
the Committee and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are nondebatable privileged motions in the Committee. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). 
Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
at 5:00 p.m. on the first day on which votes are scheduled of each week when the House is in session. 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
written form each member of the Committee of the agenda of each regular meeting of the Committee at least 48 hours before the time of the meeting and shall provide to each member of the Committee, at least 24 hours before the time of each regular meeting: 
the agenda for consideration of a rule, a copy of— 
meeting of the Committee at any time on any measure or matter which the Chair determines to be of an emergency nature; provided, however, that the Chair has made an effort to consult the ranking minority member, or, in such member’s absence, the next ranking minority party member of the Committee. 
emergency meeting of the Committee, the Chair shall notify each member of the Committee of the time and location of the meeting. 
on requests for rules, five members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
and receiving evidence on measures or matters of original jurisdiction before the Committee, three members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
measure or motion pending before the Committee unless a majority of the members of the Committee is actually present for such purpose. 
provided on any question before the Committee upon the request of any member. 
the Committee on each record vote on any measure or matter before the Committee shall be made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours, and with respect to any record vote on any motion to amend or report, shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those members voting for and against. 
the Committee shall file with the Committee at least 24 hours in advance of the appearance a statement of proposed testimony in 
written and electronic form and shall limit the oral presentation to the Committee to a brief summary thereof; and 
nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. 
payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
in the interrogation of each witness before the Committee until each member of the Committee has had an opportunity to question the witness. 
of the Rules of the House shall apply to any hearing conducted by the Committee. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, a subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Committee or a subcommittee in the conduct of any investigation or series of investigations or activities, only when authorized by a majority of the members voting, a majority being present. 
the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such member. 
on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its jurisdiction. 
Budget Process, which shall have general responsibility for measures or matters related to relations between the Congress and the Executive Branch. 
responsibility for measures or matters related to process and procedures of the House, relations between the two Houses of Congress, relations between the Congress and the Judiciary, and internal operations of the House. 
shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair refers to it. 
shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. 
consideration of any bill or resolution shall be referred to a subcommittee of the Committee. 
such measures or matters of original jurisdiction as the Chair deems appropriate given its jurisdiction and responsibilities. 
original jurisdiction to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Committee. 
may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the full Committee is being held. 
schedule meetings and hearings of the subcommittee only after consultation with the Chair. 
two members of the subcommittee shall constitute a quorum. 
consist of a majority of the members of a subcommittee. 
subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the functions of the subcommittee. 
shall provide the full Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the subcommittee and such other records with respect to the subcommittee necessary for the Committee to comply with all rules and regulations of the House. 
Chair, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Chair. 
staff shall be subject to the approval of the Committee as provided by, and subject to the provisions of, clause 9 of rule X of the Rules of the House. 
all professional and other staff of the Committee, after consultation with the ranking minority member regarding any minority party staff. 
the Committee or any of its subcommittees does not work under the direct supervision and direction of the Chair, the member of the Committee who supervises and directs the staff member’s work shall file with the Chief of Staff of the Committee (not later than the tenth day of each month) a certification regarding the staff member’s work for that member for the preceding calendar month. 
the staff is under the Chair’s direct supervision and direction. 
RULE 7 . BUDGET , TRAVEL , PAY OF WITNESSES  
members of the Committee, shall prepare for each Congress a budget providing amounts for staff, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and its subcommittees. 
any member and any staff member of the Committee in connection with activities or 
subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is granted, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. 
shall make a written report to the Chair on any travel they have conducted under this subsection, including a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and of pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
performing authorized travel on official business shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration. 
available to the Committee in its expense resolution subject to the provisions of clause 5 of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
the favorable reporting of a bill or resolution from the Committee— 
to the House or designate a member of the Committee to do so. 
which the Committee has original jurisdiction, the Chair shall allow, to the extent that the anticipated floor schedule permits, any member of the Committee a reasonable amount of time to submit views for inclusion in the Committee report on the bill or resolution. Any such report shall contain all matters required by the Rules of the House of Representatives (or by any provision of law enacted as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House) and such other information as the Chair deems appropriate. 
consideration of a measure, the Committee report accompanying such resolution shall include an accurate explanation of any waivers of points of order, including a detailed explanation of all points of order. 
each regular meeting and hearing of the Committee, and the transcript may be printed if the Chair decides it is appropriate or if a majority of the members of the Committee requests such printing. Any such transcripts shall be a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require that all such transcripts be subject to correction and publication. 
charts, and files shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chair, shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House 
unedited recordings thereof to the public and for the storage of audio and video recordings of the proceedings. Proceedings shall be broadcast live on the Majority Committee website and recordings shall be made available on such website within one calendar day of the proceeding. 
Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form. 
Committee Journal, which shall include all bills, resolutions, and other matters referred to or reported by the Committee and all bills, resolutions, and other matters reported by any other committee on which a rule has been granted or formally requested, and such other matters as the Chair shall direct. The Journal shall be published periodically, but in no case less often than once in each session of Congress. 
that a hearing be scheduled on a rule for the consideration of the bill or resolution; and 
bill or resolution, as reported, together with the final committee report thereon. 
Committee procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out these rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the Committee and its subcommittees in a manner consistent with these rules. 
The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended or repealed, in the same manner and method as prescribed for the adoption of committee rules in clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of the House, but only if written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each Member at least 48 hours before the time of the meeting at which the vote on the change occurs. Any such change in the rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after their approval. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, 
Wednesday, January 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Deputy, Navy, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice that the Navy intends to donate the historic destroyer exCharles F. Adams (DDG 2) to the Jacksonville Historic Naval Ship Association for permanent berthing and public display; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Prefectural Assembly, transmitting a resolution Requesting the Relinquishment of a Plan to Build a New Military Base in Henoko, Based Upon Respect for the Will of the Prefectural Citizens; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20458, ‘‘Protecting Pregnant Workers Fairness Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20440, ‘‘Special Election Reform Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
87. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — List of Fisheries for 2015 [Docket No.: 1140325271499902] (RIN: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOX: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 38. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 161) to provide for the timely consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline projects, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect paincapable unborn children, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–3). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 405. A bill to require greater accountability in discretionary and direct spending programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 406. A bill to amend section 505 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide incentives for the development of new combination drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 407. A bill to amend the Act of June 
18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to improve delivery of highquality assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
statute of limitations period applicable to collection of amounts paid to Social Security beneficiaries by administrative offset, and prevent recovery of overpayments from individuals under 18 years of age; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and close associates of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 411. A bill to amend the Help America 
Vote Act of 2002 to promote early voting in elections for Federal office and to prevent unreasonable waiting times for voters at polling places used in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
and the deficit by terminating taxpayer financing of presidential election campaigns; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BUCSHON , Mr. B ERA, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
SINEMA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M URPHYof Florida, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
Infrastructure Fund, to provide bond guarantees and make loans to States, local governments, and infrastructure providers for investments in certain infrastructure projects, and to provide equity investments in such projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. G UINTA , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M CHENRY , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. H ILL, 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to repeal certain additional disclosure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 415. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 416. A bill to amend chapter 178 of 
title 28 of the United States Code to permit 
during a 4year period States to enact statutes that exempt from the operation of such chapter, lotteries, sweepstakes, and other betting, gambling, or wagering schemes involving professional and amateur sports; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 417. A bill to reduce the total number 
of civil service employees in the executive branch of the Government through attrition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. CONYERS ): 
laws to require that registration statements, quarterly and annual reports, and proxy solicitations of public companies include a disclosure to shareholders of any expenditure made by that company in support of or in opposition to any candidate for Federal, State, or local public office; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 419. A bill to protect the right of law 
abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
process for opting out of the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ETERS , 
HUNTER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
H.R. 421. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the mental health treatment provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to veterans who served in classified missions; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. F ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S CHRADER , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J UDY 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
BEYER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. G ENE 
Carolina, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. H ECK 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures intended to affect elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
for the relief of Corina de Chalup Turcinovic; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United 
H.R. 406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: To make all Laws which shal be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof. 
H.R. 407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
H.R. 408. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 409. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 410. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 411. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 412. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
not provide Congress with the power to provide financial support to U.S. political parties, the general repeal of the Presidential Election Campaign Fund for this purpose is consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendments IX and X to the United States Constitution. 
scope and powers of Congress and does not include this concept of taxation in furtherance of funding U.S. political parties within the expressed powers. 
H.R. 413. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 414. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of The Constitution of the United States of America 
H.R. 417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18— ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
As it is the purpose of the government of 
the United States to protect and defend the natural and inalienable rights of the American citizen, it is necessary and proper for the Congress to legislate, when necessary, to ensure the ability of the citizenry to keep and bear arms and to travel with such arms while taking reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of his/her fellows and to respect state and local laws. 
H.R. 420. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 421. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 22. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution: The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M ICA, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
BOST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
PELOSI , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 159: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
H.R. 160: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. HARDY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 161: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
H.R. 173: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 174: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 199: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
STEFANIK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
H.R. 226: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 232: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
H.R. 247: Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
H.R. 248: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. F RANKS of 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. K LINE, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
H.R. 249: Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and 
H.R. 258: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. R USH, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
H.R. 264: Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. R USH, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 304: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 381: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. H ARDY , 
H.R. 402: Mr. B ARR, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. L UMMIS, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. A LLEN . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. B ASS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H. Res. 37: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 36 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. UPTON  
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 161 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mrs. E LLMERS . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S249 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2015 No. 9 