to discuss the negative consequences of the DoddFrank law, as well as reforms to the law that would represent much needed solutions for middle class families in Kentucky and across the country. 
nearly 5 years ago, its supporters made many promises. President Obama claimed it would ‘‘lift the economy’’ and that it would help protect Main Street, not Wall Street. In both of these instances, the opposite has proven true. 
While the President is claiming victory on the economy, many Kentucky families and families across America are still hurting. Last year, the U.S. economy grew at an anemic 2.4 percent, the ninth year in a row of growth below the postwar average of about 3 percent. 
very difficult economic situation; however, if this recovery had progressed at the same rate as the Reagan recovery of the 1980s, the economy would be about $2 trillion larger, which works out to be about $1,500 more per family per year. 
President talks about. Growth this low for this long is simply not fast enough to lift incomes for most Americans. 
this recovery is the avalanche of red tape coming out of the Obama administration, including the nearly 400 new 
DoddFrank that are crushing small communities around the country. 
DoddFrank imposes costly and burdensome restrictions on community banks and credit unions that limit their ability to loan money to their customers, which is hindering economic growth and hurting low and middleincome Americans the hardest. 
told me that before DoddFrank, lending decisions were often made based on a business judgment about the character and the creditworthiness of their customers. 
People in small towns across America, they know each other, and local banks and credit unions are in the business of helping their neighbors. These institutions assume the consequences of their decisions at no risk to the financial system or to taxpayers who have been on the hook for bailouts. 
both in terms of how to best help their customers achieve his or her dreams and how to provide a reasonable return for the shareholders of the bank or members of the credit union. 
after DoddFrank, the government is making the decisions instead of the shareholders or the bank board, imposing a onesizefitsall, topdown mandate on local financial institutions. 
this community banker now deals with mountains of paperwork and Federal regulators. The result has been a disaster. 
declined by 9.5 percent. There have been far fewer new community bank charters, and less services and products are now offered to customers and consumers. 
bureaucracies on top of an overly complex financial regulatory system. New, unaccountable bureaucracies like the wellsounding but mislabeled Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Financial Stability Oversight Council operate largely out of public view and are subject to almost none of the checks and balances imposed on other government agencies. 
Bath County, Kentucky, with a population of about 10,000 people, as nonrural, making it even more difficult for its people to secure loans from community banks and credit unions. 
Think about this: the ridiculous scenario of Washington, D.C., bureaucrats labeling one of the most rural parts of America as nonrural and hurting the people as a result. 
Shockingly, this unaccountable agency provided no valid justification for how they came to this conclusion, nor any means to challenge this arbitrary determination. 
with members of both parties, to address this issue, the agency, after more 
than a year of delay, finally relented and expanded its definition of rural to include Bath County. 
for this Kentucky county, the process remains opaque, arbitrary, and not subject to appeal, and our rural communities continue to struggle with onesizefitsall regulatory approaches for which they lack the resources to comply. 
Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act, which would give individuals an appeals process by which to contest this designation. 
rules which are holding our economy back. Thanks to the Bureau’s qualified mortgage rule, it is now harder for creditworthy low and moderateincome Americans to buy a home. 
The Volcker rule has made U.S. capital markets less competitive internationally, creating unnecessary obstacles for U.S. companies to raise the funds they need to grow their businesses and create jobs. 
law, community banks and credit unions have been left to comply with onerous new regulations intended to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis they did not cause. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman’s time has expired. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, let’s join together, cut red tape and unnecessary regulations that are holding our communities back. We can create real opportunity and encourage private sector growth by repealing this law and starting over. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to heed the gavel. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor a great baseball player and a baseball player who befriended me and was a great human being who passed away on Sunday, Saturnino Orestes Arrieta Armas, Minnie Minoso, the Cuban Comet, Mr. White Sox. 
November 29 in Cuba. He played baseball in Cuba, had the opportunity to come to America and play in the Negro Leagues for, being a Black Cuban, he wasn’t allowed to play in the Major Leagues. 
Cubans, and then, Bill Veeck, who was one of the leaders, I guess, the American League’s Branch Rickey, gave him an opportunity to play baseball in the Major Leagues. After playing in the Minors in San Diego, he came up with the Cleveland Indians, but was quickly traded to the Chicago White Sox, where he started his career in 1951, and became known as Mr. White Sox. He was a great White Sox baseball 
player, one of the greatest players of the 1950s, and a great emissary of Latin American baseballers. He was the first Black Latin American baseball player, he was the first Black White Sox player, and the second African American in the American League after Larry Doby. 
did everything in baseball. He hit for average, he hit for power, he had speed, he was a great fielder, a great competitor, and he was a great human being. 
and I lived in Memphis, Tennessee. I went to an exhibition baseball game at Russwood Park, where the White Sox were playing the Cardinals. I had a White Sox cap, kind of like this one— this is a Minnie Minoso cap—and a White Sox Tshirt, and I was on crutches, getting autographs. 
A player came and gave me a baseball, and I thanked him and I went to my dad and told my dad about it. We went down to thank the player. He was White, a pitcher named Tom Poholsky. He said: Don’t thank me. Thank that player over there. 
Sox, Minnie Minoso. In the entire baseball field of 50 players or more, one cared about a young boy with polio who was a White Sox fan and wanted to do something for him. 
player didn’t feel comfortable doing that, and he did it through a White player. It taught me, at a very early age, about the horrors of discrimination and prejudice and racism. 
him in Chicago and went into the White Sox locker room. He gave me his bat. When he came to Memphis, I visited him at the Lorraine Motel, which is where the Black players stayed, while the White players were at the Peabody. 
killed and now is a great civil rights museum in Memphis. This was another lesson in discrimination for me that taught me well and has taught me, to this day, to be vigilant against all forms of racism and discrimination. 
was like part of my family. When we moved to Los Angeles, we went and visited him at Chavez Ravine. He came up to my dad and he said: Doc, how is the kid’s leg? How is he doing? 
of being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. I tried to help him with that. 
should have put Minnie in the Hall of Fame for being a great emissary of baseball and the first Latin American Black player, the first Latin American player, really, in the Big Leagues. 
at Holy Family Church in Chicago. The funeral is Saturday. 
lesson in why sport are bigger than runs, hits, and errors. It is about human beings and humanity and young kids. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. 
week, the Notre Dame family lost two largerthanlife figures. 
Hesburgh, served as Notre Dame’s president for 35 years and oversaw remarkable growth of the university named for Our Lady. Father Hesburgh was known and recognized around the world. 
Rice, who taught at Notre Dame Law School for 40 years and was a retired Marine, a devoted husband to his wife, Mary, without whom he could never have accomplished his work, a devoted father, and an academic who dove deep into the philosophical underpinnings of the law. It is estimated that he taught half of the living alumni of the Notre Dame Law School. 
said these last few days about Father Hesburgh, given the international stage on which he walked, comparatively less has been said of Professor Rice, except for the recognition that countless law students, colleagues, and prolife and religious liberty advocates have given in the days since he passed away. 
To my left is one of those iconic figures from the 1960s. In it, we see Dr. Martin Luther King and Father Hesburgh, standing together for racial equality in Chicago. 
men to come together, in spite of different backgrounds and traditions, was a common understanding of justice that was grounded in our Western and JudeoChristian philosophy of law. 
at the heart of what Professor Charles Rice taught at Notre Dame. 
from Birmingham Jail,’’ written 2 years prior to the famous Selma March that will be commemorated this weekend, Dr. King addressed his fellow clergymen, many of whom were criticizing his tactics in confronting unjust Jim Crow laws. 
‘‘How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?’’ 
I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to obey unjust laws. I, Dr. King said, would agree with St. Augustine that ‘‘an unjust law is no law at all.’’ 
difference between the two? How does one determine whether a law is just or unjust? 
manmade code that squares with the moral law or the law of God. An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law. To put it in the terms of St. Thomas Aquinas, Dr. King continued, an unjust law is a human law that is not rooted in eternal law and natural law. 
to any of Charlie Rice’s jurisprudence students. Indeed, a significant amount of Professor Rice’s work dealt with the concept of natural law. 
Natural law principles were recognized in our Declaration of Independence, with Jefferson referencing the ‘‘Laws of Nature and Nature’s God’’ and the recognition that individuals are endowed by a Creator with certain 
the right to life. He believed that every human being, whether an elderly grandmother who could no longer care for herself, a young adult who was incapacitated through an accident or a degenerative disease, an unborn child capable of feeling pain, or a 3weekold unborn child whose heart had just begun to beat, had an inalienable right to life. And for Charlie, those lives, and all human lives, are sacred because they are a gift of God. 
In the years since Roe v. Wade, Professor Rice never wavered from his core conviction on the right to life. He became increasingly concerned for the religious freedom and conscience rights of individuals when he saw government coercing them into practices that violated those rights. 
‘‘Never be afraid to speak the truth.’’ He certainly never was. 
right to life and freedom of religion, both of which are specifically mentioned in our Nation’s founding documents, are under attack. 
believed that one day those rights would be protected again, and he continued to defend those rights to the day he died. 
His work in defending life and religious freedom will continue. It will live on in his wife, Mary, his children, and grandchildren, as well as the countless lives he touched. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 23 
hours ago, in this Chamber, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu was given a large megaphone to undercut American diplomatic attempts at restraining Iran’s nuclear ambitions. One has to go back to the days of Gen. Douglas MacArthur being fired by President Truman, who was then invited to Congress by the Republican leadership to a rapturous audience. 
MacArthur and the Republican leadership were wrong, Truman was right, and is, deemed one of our best Presidents for the hard, difficult decisions he made to much political criticism. And history has not been so kind to the career and personality of General MacArthur and the message he delivered to that Congress. 
kind to yesterday’s speech and the decision to stage it. 
The Prime Minister delivered no alternative vision other than an impossible set of demands that would ensure negotiations by America, our allies, and the Russians fail. He seemed to doom Americans and Iranians to be permanent enemies, even though the Iranian people, distinct from the ayatollahs and their minions, by all accounts, are the only country in the region, other than Israel, that has a positive view towards America. Think about that. 
were more fundamental. He had no alternative vision, no outline of a plan that would do anything other than lead to war. 
dire predictions that I have heard from him since I first came to Congress in 1995. He had the same certitude when he testified before Congress about what a positive, transformational event it would be for the United States to go to war with Iraq. 
probably even for most American politicians, and I am sure it was good politics in Israel. But he demonstrated spectacularly bad political judgment, cheerleading the United States into the worst foreign policy disaster in our history, costing us trillions of dollars with no end in sight, costing hundreds of thousands of lives, and casting the Middle East in turmoil. 
only winners in the wake of that tragic war urged on by Netanyahu. It allowed Iran to have an outsized influence in the very countries that Netanyahu mentioned. The Middle East is in crisis, on the defensive with ISIS forces that are only slightly larger than the authorized strength of the California National Guard. 
that is bound to fail, and at what cost to the AmericanIsraeli leadership? Making Israel a partisan issue harms Israel, according to a good friend of 
More troubling, Mr. Speaker, the Prime Minister did not offer one word about his failure to produce a peaceful, twostate solution. Now, I would have welcomed even a word about the pending humanitarian crisis in Gaza. I am not talking about war with the militants. I am talking about 1.7 million people in a land where 95 percent of the water is already unfit to drink, and by next year it will be the case with all domestic water. If no action is taken, by 2020, that damage will be irreversible. 
conference. While I don’t necessarily agree with all of their policy prescriptions dealing with Iran, I was heartened to see that they had two wellattended panel discussions featuring Gidon Bromberg, an Israeli expert, that highlighted why it was in both the interest of Israel and Gaza to solve the pending water and sanitation crisis and that solution is easily within the power of Israel, the United States, and other donor nations. 
I saw that as a bright spot in a troubling day. If we concentrate on simple, commonsense steps where we can work together to save lives and improve the future, I think there is a lot more on the horizon that we can accomplish. 
That is why I chose not to undercut our diplomats in the midst of negotiating by attending that joint session. Netanyahu offers one perspective—certainly not mine. But challenging his ideas is not antiIsraeli any more than challenging the ideas of President Obama is antiAmerican. 
to a bad deal, but I have yet to hear one, especially from the Prime Minister. Until then, I will stand with Israel by empowering our negotiators and not undercutting them. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI) for 5 minutes. 
to speak about the 50th anniversary of the Selma voting rights movement and of the Selma to Montgomery marches that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act. Nothing so far has moved me more as a freshman Member of this august body than to sit down and talk with our colleague, JOHN LEWIS, who 
years ago was the chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. 
beginning of this Congress to speak with Congressman JOHN LEWIS about 
the events of 50 years ago. He is the only living ‘‘Big Six’’ leader of the American civil rights movement still with us. It will forever be my honor to have sat next to Mr. LEWIS when President Obama gave his State of the Union Address earlier this year. It was not lost on me that I was sitting and 
listening to President Obama while sitting next to a man whose actions 50 years ago helped pave the way for Barack Obama, a Black kid from Hawaii, to become President of the United States. 
mark a significant turning point in America’s history. As an ethnic minority myself, I am thankful for those that paved the way for the freedoms and the liberties that all of us as Americans enjoy. They suffered insults and physical harm, yet their spirit remained unbroken. 
one that runs through the foundation of our country. To prevent or inhibit the vote of a citizen is an action that I feel contradicts the very principles on which this country was established. Even in our current society, there are efforts being undertaken to limit citizens of our country from casting their vote. This is a despicable practice and highlights to me the importance of the Voting Rights Act and the need to remain vigilant against those who seek to reverse the great strides made by this country towards equal rights for all. 
rights marchers 50 years ago still resonate with our society today. That is why I am proud to join the 50th anniversary of the freedom march. 
original Selma protest, I was struck by photos of Dr. Martin Luther King, Congressman JOHNLEWIS, and others leading the 54mile third march, arms linked together in solidarity, wearing what looked like white double carnation Hawaiian lei. Looking into the matter further, I learned, in fact, that they were wearing lei. Why were they wearing lei? I found an answer that drove home for me the importance of standing together for civil rights for all. 
know this, but Dr. Martin Luther King actually came to speak at the University of Hawaii in 1964. He came for a civil rights symposium being held at the university. It was during this time in Hawaii that he began a deep friendship with the Reverend Abraham Kahikina Akaka, former pastor of Kawaiahao Church in Oahu and the first chairman of the Hawaii Advisory Committee of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission. In the spirit of aloha, which means compassion, peace, and love, the reverend sent to Selma lei for the leaders of the protests to wear. 
Speaker; and to honor the tradition and the bond established many years ago between Hawaii and the Alabama civil rights leaders, Senator MAZIE 
congressional colleagues. These lei are a tribute to the Selma marchers 50 years ago and the knowledge that their efforts reverberated through our Nation and to Hawaii, a State that was 
As we travel across the 54mile historic trail and cross the famous Edmund Pettus Bridge on Saturday, we will remember those whose lives were lost fighting for our civil rights, remember those who paved the way, celebrate the hard fought victories, and remind ourselves that the fight is not yet over. 
this historic weekend, and I thank the Faith & Politics Institute for coordinating our congressional pilgrimage to Alabama. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
the fifth time this year that I have addressed this Chamber about Puerto Rico’s political destiny. I recently introduced a bill that would provide for Puerto Rico’s admission as a State once a majority of Puerto Rico’s electorate affirms their desire for statehood in a federally sponsored vote. The bill already has 70 cosponsors—56 Democrats and 14 Republicans. 
territory status, statehood would deliver to my constituents what all free people deserve: full voting rights, full selfgovernment, and full equality under the law. And unlike separate nationhood, which is the only other nonterritory option available to Puerto Rico, statehood would help rebuild the island’s shattered economy and improve its quality of life. Indeed, the fact that statehood would be in the best interest of Puerto Rico is beyond reasonable dispute. There will always be politicians in Puerto Rico who claim otherwise for ideological reasons, but their arguments are detached from reality. 
Today I want to outline why statehood would also be in the national interest of the United States as a whole. There are three main reasons—one moral, one economic, and one political. First, the moral reason. 
and fair vote in which they rejected territory status and expressed a preference for statehood. At a subsequent Senate committee hearing, thenchairman RONWYDEN said that the current 
relationship between the United States and Puerto Rico ‘‘undermines the United States’ moral standing in the world.’’ Senator WYDEN posed this 
‘‘For a nation founded on the principles of democracy and the consent of the governed, how much longer can America allow a condition to persist in which nearly 4 million U.S. citizens do not have a vote in the government that makes the national laws which affect their daily lives?’’ 
cannot identify any moral basis upon which Congress could decline that petition, especially in light of the enormous contribution that island residents have made in our Armed Forces over generations. How could the U.S. Government, a champion of democracy and selfdetermination around the world, disregard those principles with respect to its own citizens without losing credibility at home and abroad? 
in the national interest is economic. Last year, the GAO published a report about the fiscal impact of statehood on the Federal Government. The report confirms that statehood will enhance quality of life in Puerto Rico, but it also alleviates any concern that statehood would have an adverse impact on the U.S. Treasury. As the GAO explains, new Federal outlays to Puerto Rico would be significantly counterbalanced by new Federal revenues generated from the island. 
benefit when Puerto Rico’s economic economy is strong, when its residents do not need to move to the States to achieve their dreams or vote for their national leaders, when individuals in businesses on the island flourish, and when the corporate and individual tax base expands. The U.S. stands to gain from the state of Puerto Rico’s success, just as it currently pays a severe price for the territory’s shortcomings. 
dimensions of this debate. The evidence indicates that either national party could be competitive on the island. I am a proud Democrat, but the prostatehood party I lead includes hundreds of thousands of equally proud Republicans. Voters in Puerto Rico have elected two Republican Governors and numerous Republican senators, representatives, and mayors at the local level. I can say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that they should not view the prospective State of Puerto Rico as either a blessing or a curse for their party’s fortunes but, rather, as an opportunity. 
Rico’s interests; it is also in the national interests. Statehood will make Puerto Rico stronger, and it will make the United States a more perfect Union. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
all people wherever they are, whatever their need. We reach out in prayer for the homeless, the poor, those anxious about the future, those who are ill, or those to whom freedom has been denied. 
House. Inspire them, as representatives of the American people, to labor for justice and righteousness in our Nation and our world, mindful of Your concern for those most in need. 
For all the riches of our human experience, O Lord, we give You thanks. Make us aware of our responsibilities, as stewards of Your divine gifts, and empower us with Your grace to faithfully and earnestly use our talents in ways that bring understanding to our communities and to our Nation, and peace to every soul. 
May all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I believe in 
an opportunity economy, where hard work, education, innovation, and risk are rewarded, and we empower individuals, not government. Imagine what determination and a 
degree can do for today’s young people, provided they have a variety of choices to meet their needs and good information about the investment they are making. 
it is getting more difficult as tuition and fees continue to increase at rapid rates. Luckily, American families have an investment tool known as a 529 plan to help them save for their child’s college education. 
Last week, the House approved bipartisan legislation to expand, strengthen, and improve 529 plans, which nearly 12 million families have utilized to help plan for their child’s education. 
credit card debt, we need to do everything we can to encourage American families to save for college and invest in their child’s future. 
Democrats in the House stood united to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security was funded for the remainder of the year. 
and public safety to the brink of shutdown twice in the last 2 weeks, the Speaker finally relented and allowed the will of the majority of the House of Representatives to be heard on the floor. All Democrats and a good number of responsible Members on the other side joined together to make sure that Homeland Security was funded for the remainder of the year. 
have seen, since this Congress has convened, manufactured political crises that divert us away from the real issues that the American people want us to take up. 
making ends meet. They work harder and harder and can’t seem to get ahead. They can’t seem to save for retirement. They can’t guarantee that their young kids are going to have the opportunity to attend college. That is what they want us to take up. 
political crises intended to pander to the most extreme voices in this body. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, it was an honor to have Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu speak to a joint session of Congress yesterday. Israel is one of our country’s closest allies, an essential partner in restraining Iran’s nuclear threat and combating 
speak out against radical Islam and warn the world about the threat of a nuclear Iran, I was reminded of another great leader who addressed Congress nearly 75 years ago. Winston Churchill and Binyamin Netanyahu are the only two foreign leaders to address a joint session of Congress three times. 
Netanyahu is the Churchill of our time. Both men had to fight against global threats of unmatched and barbaric proportions but also stood firm to other world leaders advancing a strategy of appeasement over strength. I only hope that we heed Netanyahu’s words now before it is too late to stop the spread of nuclear weapons. 
And may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, on February 9, the nomination of Judge Eugene Fahey of Buffalo to a seat on the New York State Court of Appeals was confirmed. 
starting when we were colleagues on the Buffalo Common Council. Gene went on to judicial service, first as a city court judge and later as a trial and appellate justice of the New York State Supreme Court. Gene’s decisions include a landmark ruling affirming the validity of New York’s marriage equality statute. 
and I had many conversations about public service, though rarely about where our respective careers might take us. It is with tremendous pride that we now see Gene taking a seat as an associate justice on the most celebrated, toplevel State court in the United States. His service will be a great credit to those whom he is sworn to serve. 
Fahey, the New York Court of Appeals gains a towering intellect, a booming voice, a compassionate heart, and an accomplished lead guitarist. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House voted with bipartisan support to pass H.R. 240, legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security through September 30, 2015. It is our constitutional duty to ensure that our country remains safe, and playing politics with Homeland Security funding, when the world is as dangerous as it is today, is simply unacceptable. Make no doubt about it, it is critically important to stop the President’s actions on immigration. But at a time like this, it would be gravely irresponsible to allow the Department of Homeland Security to shut down, or even to have the appearance of that. 
branches of our government are in disagreement, the judicial branch must play referee, and that is exactly what took place when a Federal judge sided with a complaint filed by 26 States in opposition to the President’s move toward amnesty. 
halted President Obama’s executive actions, further rulings will closely examine how the President has overreached his constitutional authorities. 
facts, voting ‘‘yes’’ on Homeland Security funding yesterday was the right decision. However, this does not compromise my position of standing strong against the President’s executive actions. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise with some relief to note that yesterday, we did come together to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. A number of us came together and ignored the extremist shutdown crowd and did the responsible thing and funded this Department. 
spend millions of dollars to prepare for a shutdown that it anticipated having to go through. Nevertheless, this is a Department that protects our Nation at a time when ISIL is executing journalists and aid workers and Christians and Muslims, when al Shabaab is threatening our Nation’s biggest shopping mall. We need the Department of Homeland Security. And I say, Bully. 
thing and fund our departments, including the Department of Homeland Security. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
very clear that we cannot trust the tyrannical regime in Iran. For many years, our own State Department has determined that Iran is one of the world’s leading state sponsors of terrorism. 
As Prime Minister Netanyahu reminded us yesterday, the Iranian Government has consistently called for the destruction of Israel and has referred 
to the United States as the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ Does this sound like a negotiating partner that we can trust? 
If anyone is unwilling to acknowledge their support for terror groups like Hezbollah or their hateful words toward America and Israel, then consider how this regime acts toward its own people. They stifle dissent by restricting the most basic political freedoms within their borders—the freedoms of speech, assembly, and press. They often jail opposition leaders and journalists and hold them without cause. 
If Iran wants to be considered a legitimate power, they should stop arming and aiding terror groups and open up their political system to prove to the world that they are committed to freedom and peace. They can start by releasing all political prisoners, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been unjustly imprisoned for over 200 days. These steps should be taken before the U.S. continues to negotiate any nuclear deal. 
week we were pushed to the brink of shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, the agency tasked with safeguarding our homeland from threats here and abroad, all because Congress couldn’t do its job. Only weeks after horrific attacks in Paris and with news of ISIS every day, the House majority risked the national security of our country to play party politics. 
We cannot continue to govern in crisis mode, threatening the safety of American lives, jobs, and our homeland, so my colleagues can score political points. Enough is enough. 
reckless, unnecessary, and completely avoidable. The House majority’s games have forced Congress away from its most critical priority, working for middle class families to create jobs, improve transportation and infrastructure, invest in education, and protect programs for our seniors. It is time to stop playing political games and get back to what the people elected us to do. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to honor Army congressional liaison to the U.S. House of Representatives Major Trent Colestock. The Army has recognized his patriotism, abilities, and his demonstrated potential for increased responsibility, and 
Florida, and raised in Mineral Wells, Texas, Trent graduated from Texas Christian University, where he earned a degree in business administration and an Army commission. During his congressional assignment, he earned a master’s degree in legislative affairs from George Washington University. 
in the Army’s Field Artillery Branch, Trent has served at Fort Drum, Fort Hood, and in Iraq for Operation Iraqi Freedom. Throughout his career in our proud military, Trent has earned many accolades, including the Combat Action Badge, the Bronze Star Medal, and the Iraqi Campaign Medal. 
It is my distinct pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to join with Major Colestock’s family, friends, and peers as they honor his promotion and the many accomplishments of his outstanding service to our Nation. 
RADIO AND REINTRODUCTION OF THE LOCAL RADIO FREEDOM ACT 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise in support of the significant benefits and services that our local radio stations provide to our communities. 
I cannot say enough about the benefits local radio provides constituents in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. Local radio provides AMBER Alerts, local news, weather, and critical emergency alerts, which we all know too well along the gulf coast we need. In addition to the public service, radio provides entertainment and music free to the public. 
For nearly 90 years, Congress has recognized this fact and has not imposed performance fees on local radio stations. That is why I am pleased to reintroduce, along with my fellow Texan, Congressman MIKECONAWAY , the Local 
that Congress should not impose any performance taxes or fees for playing overtheair music and keep local radio free. Last week’s introduction with 93 cosponsors, over 20 percent of the full House, shows the strong commitment Congress has to protect local radio and all the benefits it provides our communities. 
original cosponsors of this resolution and thank local radio for serving our communities. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, President Truman had a plaque on his desk that said, ‘‘The buck stops here.’’ Many veterans are probably wondering why this old poker expression doesn’t apply to the VA. However, on Monday the House passed H.R. 280, which gives the Secretary of Veterans Affairs the authority to make sure the bucks do stop on back bonuses given to management of the VA, which is very, very backlogged. 
acted, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate and the President to join this effort. It is clear that it is time to send a message to the VA that the days of rewarding subpar work and service for hidden and lost files or long waiting periods are over. 
We need to continue to fight for commonsense reforms that will provide this type of system that our veterans deserve. At many regional offices of the VA around the country, including my own of Oakland, veterans have waited far too long to have their benefit claims processed and are struggling to access the care they need and deserve. There are countless examples of dysfunction, and the VA is falling short of its mission. 
deserves bonuses for failing our veterans when we have these long lists of people waiting for medical care, having their claims serviced? No, I think not. Mr. Speaker, the VA bonus bucks stop here. 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is the funeral for one of the most influential figures in higher education, the Catholic Church, and domestic and international affairs: Father Theodore Hesburgh. He served as president of the University of Notre Dame for 35 years, in that time taking a small Catholic college and transforming it into a world renowned institution. 
honorary degrees, more than any other person. This Congress awarded him the Congressional Gold Medal in the year 2000, becoming the first figure from higher education to receive the Congressional Gold Medal. He was also appointed by both Democratic and Republican Presidents to 16 Presidential commissions, ranging from atomic weapons policy to immigration, to civil rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to be a 
graduate of the Hesburgh Program in Public Service and hope to be able to live up to that awesome example he set. SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of four hightech fields that are dominating the digital age. The fields of science, technology, engineering, and math, commonly referred to as STEM, are driving our Nation’s innovation and competition, generating new ideas, industries, and companies. 
to tour the University of New Hampshire’s InterOperability Laboratory to see just how important the STEM field is to the Granite State. The InterOperability Lab is the only fullservice, nonprofit test lab in the world that provides both industry expertise and realworld training for our Nation’s future STEM workers. 
Congress continues to advocate on behalf of the STEM fields because the demand for individuals with these backgrounds and education only continue to grow. In fact, the Office of Science and Technology Policy estimates that STEM jobs will grow almost two times faster than nonSTEM jobs from 2008 to 2018. We must ensure R&D continues in these fields. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express relief that Congress has funded the Department of Homeland Security. We averted an unnecessary and harmful crisis. We should not have reached a point where the Department was on the brink of a shutdown. 
The Department of Homeland Security was created after the devastating September 11 terrorist attacks and performs vital functions to protect Americans against ongoing terrorist threats. We are talking about FEMA, which responds to emergencies and disasters; TSA, which makes flying safer; the Secret Service; Customs and Border Protection; and other important services. 
waters and helps protect communities like mine near the Port of Los Angeles, is also a part of the Department of Homeland Security. We must do even more to improve port security, and shutting down the Department would have been a step backwards. 
We must stop the crisistocrisis governing around here. The American people deserve better than this sort of political brinksmanship. 
rise today to congratulate Midland Marketing Cooperative, located in Hays, Kansas, which celebrates their 100th anniversary in business on March 5 of this year. 
put up a total of $10,000 to begin capitalizing their new cooperative. Since that time, the coop has grown to nearly 1,000 members and has over $122 million in annual sales. They now operate 11 elevator locations, 2 fullservice gas stations, 5 automated fueling stations, 2 feed mills, and 10 agronomy locations. In their fivecounty service area, Midland employs 62 fulltime employees. When you add parttime and seasonal workers, that increases to 120 people. Midland Marketing Cooperative has returned over $62 million in patronage to their members. 
Thank you to Midland Marketing Cooperative and all the coops in my district who are keeping Kansas agriculture and our rural communities strong. 
THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SELMA VOTING RIGHTS MARCH WITH THE ISSUANCE OF A POSTAL STAMP 
introduced a bipartisan resolution that would honor the Selma to Montgomery marches with a commemorative stamp. 
Members who cosponsored this resolution, and the original sponsors: Congressman BYRNE , Congressman H URD, 
pivotal moment in our history that brought together Americans to march from Selma to Montgomery County 50 years ago. This stamp celebrates the march and reminds us to protect voting rights. 
For 125 years the United States Postal Services has been issuing stamps to celebrate cultural milestones in the unique history of our Nation. Surely the protection of voting rights is a landmark development in our Nation’s development. It is my hope that, as we remember the struggles, discrimination, and inequalities, we will lift our hearts and unite to find bridges to equality and justice. 
unite with me and ask the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for a hearing on this stamp. 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF FEDERALLY IMPACTED SCHOOLS 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
honor the career of a man who was instrumental in education policy, Mr. John Forkenbrock. I have had the pleasure of working with John for the past 20 years, and he visited my home State of Hawaii twice during his time with the National Association of Federally Impacted Schools, or NAFIS. 
served as executive director of NAFIS, an association representing over 1,400 public school districts. In that position, John oversaw major changes in the Impact Aid Program that were included in the 1994 ESEA Improving America’s Schools Act, and again in 2000 and 2001 with the passage of the No Child Left Behind Act. 
John’s leadership. Millions of children in school districts across this Nation have benefited from his hard work. 
NAFIS, I wish John and Patty Forkenbrock the best in their retirement. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
bit of a dustup over D.C.’s new marijuana reform law. D.C. has never defied the Congress, although it has been tempting, especially several times when the Federal Government shut down, shutting down the District with it, although the District, of course, is no part of these disputes. 
The majority language in the appropriation bill said that the District couldn’t enact marijuana laws. The law was enacted before that language was passed. When approved by the voters, there was nothing further to be done. Small amounts of marijuana became legal in the District, smoked in private. On Thursday, D.C. has taken no further official action, and is in compliance with the law as passed by Congress. 
The most important impetus for passage by residents was two independent studies that showed that virtually all of those who now carry marijuana arrests are young African Americans. That was the last straw for a substance that is de facto legal for most Americans. 
doesn’t recommend the substance. We ought to have the same liberty other Americans already enjoy on this substance. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Houston has lost a firefighter in the line of duty, the State of Texas has lost a first responder, but America has lost a hero. 
a hero. Captain Dwight Bazile, 57 years of age, firefighter for 37 years, promoted to captain in 2008, father to Dwight Bazile II, son of Charlotte Fielder, husband to Pamela Bazile, died in the line of duty February 21, 2015. 
I ask that we have a moment of silence for a hero who died in the line of duty. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today in recognition of my Delta Sigma Theta sisters. 
founded in January 1913 at Howard University by 22 brave young women. They sought to promote academic excellence, to provide scholarships, to support the underserved, to educate and stimulate participation in the formation of positive public policy, and to highlight issues with recommended solutions for problems in our communities. 
Since its founding, it has distinguished itself as a public service organization that boldly confronts the challenges of African American women and all Americans. The women of Delta Sigma Theta continue to push for many of these same issues. In fact, they were at the confirmation hearing of Loretta Lynch, also a member of Delta Sigma Theta. 
many Members of Congress and the administration, for the annual pilgrimage. This journey allows us to visit not only the sites of the civil rights movement, but to hear firsthand the stories of hope that emerged from the civil rights movement. 
ago, the women of Delta Sigma Theta marched in the historic suffragette march as the first public act. This weekend I will join my sorors again, my congressional colleagues, as we cross the bridge to show how we must continue to work, and we still have work to do. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
year, Congress awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the 65th Infantry Regiment, an allvolunteer Puerto 
Borinqueneers. Today, I rise to urge the President to expedite the designing and the delivery of this medal before more of these brave Borinqueneers pass away. 
served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean war. Puerto Ricans have fought for the United States as far back as the American Revolution, and they continue to do so honorably to this day. Thousands have given their lives defending our country, despite enduring decades of prejudice against them. 
The Borinqueneers have been recognized with Distinguished Service Crosses, Silver Stars, Bronze Stars, and Purple Hearts. However, it was not until last year that the first member of the Borinqueneers, Master Sergeant Juan E. Negron, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, following a congressionally ordered review of cases involving potential prejudice. 
have made my home of central Florida their home. It is my goal and my honor as their Representative to ensure that they receive this long overdue recognition. 
have to wait any longer to receive the equal treatment they deserve. Today, I ask the President to ensure that the Borinqueneers receive their Congressional Gold Medal as soon as possible. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
a member of the Homeland Security Committee and one who was in a security briefing this morning, I cannot celebrate more to the brave men and women of the Department of Homeland Security that many of us stood up collectively together as Americans and provided for full funding. Let me thank them for their service. 
very provocative and important action was done. The Department of Justice report came out regarding the city of Ferguson, where it found that Blacks account for 85 percent of traffic stops, 90 percent of tickets issued, and 93 percent of arrests. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not about Ferguson, though many are trying to heal—and we offer sympathy again to Michael Brown’s family—but it is about America. I call upon my Republican friends and Democratic friends. We act on facts. These are facts that are probably implicated across America. 
bill. I hope we can come together to find a way, both in terms of our law enforcement and making sure that they go home to their families, but also have a just and fair pattern, if you will, of treating the citizens of every hamlet and town and city and State in this Nation. We owe that to our beliefs in the Constitution, Mr. Speaker. 
look at how we can address these questions across America. We deserve that as Americans. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act, and I appreciate the bipartisan work of our committee leaders. 
the Nation with a growing population, booming tourism, and expanding trade opportunities. That means more trains and more cars transporting more people and cargo over our 458 rail crossings in south Florida. 
Florida are pleased that this rail bill authorizes $150 million per year for 4 years for State and local governments in our region to upgrade the safety features at grade crossings and improve traffic coordination to prevent accidents and ease congestion. 
The rail bill facilitates it to be done safely and efficiently. I urge its approval. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 749. 
HARDY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 134 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 749. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, with Mr. HARRIS in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
(Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 
thanking Chairman D ENHAM and Ranking Members D EFAZIO and C APUANO , 
who have all worked well on this bill together. I also would like to thank Ms. BROWN who, in the last Congress, 
when this bill started on its path, to thank her for her great work. Ms. BROWN is from the State of Florida. 
Since I became chairman of the Railroad Subcommittee in the 112th Congress and since I have become chairman of the full committee, this has been one of my top priorities: to pass a bipartisan passenger rail bill that reforms Amtrak. I am so happy to be here on the floor today with the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. 
passed in 2008 and resulted in some real improvements to Amtrak, which we are seeing today. Ridership is up 14 percent; revenue is up 37 percent; and, in the Northeast corridor, the profits are up an amazing 250 percent. 
Corridor Commission, which has helped the States, Amtrak, and DOT finally work together on planning the future of the corridor; however, more work needs to be done to help Amtrak maximize its strengths and tackle some of its longstanding challenges. 
That is why we introduced the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. I know some of my colleagues are skeptical about Amtrak and passenger rail in general. Because of its current structure, Amtrak’s finances have not been transparent to either Congress or to consumers. 
have subsidized moneylosing routes, masking the true cost of these services. 
This bill makes significant reforms to eliminate those issues. 
In particular, we focus on the Northeast corridor in this bill, which truly is a nationally significant transportation corridor. With 18 percent of our population and 20 percent of our GDP produced in the Northeast corridor on 3 percent of our land mass, it is the most densely populated area of the United States and one of the most densely populated in the world, so passenger rail is needed. 
lines, the Northeast corridor profits stay in the corridor, allowing for more investment there. Setting the other business lines apart allows the corporation to make betterinformed business decisions about those lines’ operations. This will help make Amtrak’s operations much more transparent for both the States and the Congress. 
Northeast corridor and existing corridors where passenger rail makes sense, we will help to improve passenger rail without breaking the bank. 
Finally, we also provide environmental review streamlining reforms for rail projects, something that is important to not only passenger rail, but it also will include freight rail in these environmental reviews, which will help them to be able to expand their rail network to help America move its freight more effectively and efficiently. 
in highway and transit and water infrastructure projects. This will help make our limited Federal dollars go further because we all know time is money when dealing with infrastructure projects. 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to do more and have more money invested, which I understand, and there needs to be more investment. My colleagues on my side of the aisle think we may be spending too much money. 
These reforms are going to move Amtrak in a positive direction. It is not going to solve all of our problems today, but I think it substantially moves the ball down the field to get to a point where someday maybe Amtrak can stand on its own two feet. 
assembly for the last 40 or so years. My colleagues on the other side point out that no passenger rail operates without subsidies. They are correct. 
system in the world that doesn’t get subsidies, and that is in the United States of America, our freight rail system. I think we can move Amtrak in that direction. 
argue, Amtrak has been a failure, let’s get rid of it. I don’t think that is the answer either because, as I mentioned earlier, there are places in this country that desperately need to have an expanded passenger rail service. 
When the United States is moving towards 400 million people, we are going to need that passenger rail service in various parts of this country. We need to make sure that we are building today a better Amtrak to serve the future of the American people and of a people that is growing. 
side got everything that it wants, but it is a good strong reform bill that I firmly believe will significantly improve Amtrak. 
this bill, and I look forward to working with the Senate to take it to the President’s desk. 
I want to thank the chairman, Chairman S HUSTER , from Pennsylvania; subcommittee chairman Mr. D ENHAM ; and 
the ranking member serving on our side, MIKECAPUANO , for a bill that is 
tradition, of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which we have differences, as the chairman 
pointed out, over the future of rail and the funding levels that are needed, but there is consensus that this is important to the country, and we can continue that debate as we continue to improve the operations of Amtrak. 
An awful lot of the focus is on the 
Northeast corridor. That is essentially the ‘‘cash cow.’’ In the Northeast corridor now in the railair market, 78 percent of the D.C.New York travelers are now using the train. That is a success story. There is a lot of focus on that, but Amtrak is bigger than that. We are a large nation. 
Federal official here from my region, head of the Bonneville Power Administration, and he needed to get back for some important meetings in the West, he took the train. There was no plane option. 
believe, is essential. We need to keep that perspective in mind as we look at Amtrak as a whole, not just a corridor in one of the most populated parts of the country. 
In the West, we have two longdistance trains: the Coast Starlight from Seattle through Portland, Eugene, down to Los Angeles; and the Empire Builder, which starts in Seattle and Portland, converges in Spokane—kind of a unique route—and continues on to Chicago. 
in Oregon, which is an international route. It goes from Eugene, Oregon, to Vancouver, British Columbia. Ridership last year was almost up to 1 million on that route, as Interstate 5 becomes more and more problematic and congested, particularly over the line in Washington State. These are essential assets to give people an alternative. 
I would also say that we need to be 
planning for a better future. Last year, Oregon did get about a $20 million grant through the Intercity Passenger Rail grant program to finish planning and preliminary engineering work for the possibility of a higherspeed route—not high speed. Unfortunately, that is not in the cards in the near future. 
Acela train set, which can travel a lot faster than it can now because of the current routing and congestion. We are planning on doing that, working cooperatively with the freight railroads and also looking at some alternative routes for at least part of that train. 
the railroads themselves, the freight railroads, which the chairman mentioned, are investing a phenomenal amount of money in upgrading their track, their systems, and their power; but there are still a lot of projects that are undone and don’t have potential revenue sources, particularly for the short lines. 
streamlines the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing Program, RRIF. It sounds like something my dog would say. In any case, this is sort of a very infinitely bureaucratic and lengthy process. The bill requires that the loans be done within 45 days of getting a complete application, and it also contains strong Buy America provisions. It will be all American steel, iron, and manufactured goods. I think that is an improvement on two levels, and that is a needed change. 
are some of us on this side of the aisle who believe we should be making more investment so that Amtrak can have a program to acquire more power, so it can make improvements on some of the very aged and decrepit parts of the Neck here and in other places where they have critical infrastructure needs around the country. That was not to be in this bill, but this bill does leave us that option in the future. I strongly— and I believe most on this side of the aisle will strongly—support this legislation. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ). 
today as a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to support this bill. 
I believe it will bring efficiency, savings, and greater transparency to Amtrak. Instead of increasing government interference, this bill will actually create development opportunities for the private sector and encourage nonFederal participation by unlocking new revenue streams. This bill is common sense and straightforward. It reduces red tape by streamlining environmental issues. 
makes perfect sense to me that we direct Amtrak to target investments where there is the best potential for success and conduct a thorough cost benefit analysis for long distance routes. 
Finally, I am excited to further empower States to have a greater role in managing their routes. States must be equal partners with a greater say in ensuring that the residents—Amtrak passengers—get the best benefit. That is why, Mr. Chairman, I stand in support of this bipartisan legislation. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. This bill authorizes $7 billion for passenger rail, including $5.8 billion for Amtrak, over the next 4 years. 
This bill is not perfect, but I appreciate the committee leadership’s efforts to develop a bill in a bipartisan manner. 
Rather than authorizing separate appropriations for debt service, capital, and operating expenses, the bill creates two new accounts—a Northeast corridor account and a national network account. The bill also creates a new program to provide grants to the States, funded at $300 million annually, of which $150 million is dedicated to the Northeast corridor. 
The Northeast corridor region contains 4 of the 10 largest metropolitan areas in the country. It is home to more than 51 million people, and our regional economy is the fifthlargest in the world between France and Germany. If the Northeast corridor were to unexpectedly shut down for just one day, the potential impact on the U.S. economy could be $100 million in transportationrelated impacts and productivity losses. 
There is no question that it is absolutely in our national interest to do everything we can to maintain and develop the Northeast corridor, but New Yorkers also understand the importance of maintaining a national network, so I am pleased that the bill grants Amtrak the flexibility to transfer funds, if needed, to keep the national rail system operational. The bill also requires a more detailed plan for implementing specific improvements to the Northeast corridor that is free of poison pill, antilabor provisions, and it applies Buy America to the RRIF loan program. 
All of this is good, but we cannot lose 
sight of the bigger picture, which is that we are still woefully underfunding Amtrak. We spend more than $50 billion per year on highways and transit and over $15 billion on aviation, while Amtrak is just $1.4 billion, or less than 2 percent, of Federal transportation spending. This is despite the fact that the rail system needs at least $52 billion, or $2.6 billion per year, for 20 years just to meet ridership demands and bring the system into a state of good repair. 
on the other hand, includes $5 billion for rail. Half of that is intended to bring public rail assets throughout the country to a state of good repair, including $550 million for the Northeast corridor; $2 billion is for highspeed rail and commuter rail; and $204 million is for the FRA rail safety measures, proven to be so necessary by the accidents on Metro North in New York and Connecticut. 
today simply authorizes current funding levels, but given the budget constraints imposed by the majority, it is probably the best bill we can hope for right now if we want to move a bipartisan bill. 
I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
their efforts to advance an Amtrak reauthorization bill that moves the process forward. I look forward to working with them and the rest of my colleagues to make sure passenger rail receives the attention and resources it 
deserves. For now, this is a good bill, and I urge its adoption. 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), the newest member of the 
Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan solution to enhance passenger rail networks and strengthen this country’s transportation infrastructure. 
rail lines are a critical thread in the transportation fabric of my district in southeastern Pennsylvania. For me, Amtrak equals SEPTA, in many respects, as 90 percent of the 2,000 daily train rides along the Northeast corridor are regional commuter lines like SEPTA. 
something very significant, Mr. Chairman. It keeps revenues generated on the Northeast corridor for reinvestment along the Northeast corridor. It compels Amtrak, the Federal Railroad Administration, and States to work together to develop and implement a 5 year Northeast corridor capital investment plan. For my district, it offers more promise for the Schuylkill Metro project, for the concept of utilizing existing rail beds known as the Green Line along route 29 in Montgomery and Chester Counties. And of course, it makes available more Federal funding for new train stations to replace aging train stations such as Paoli and Downingtown. 
reasoned approach and for their leadership in strengthening the passenger rail network. This is a great bill. It is great for southeastern Pennsylvania, 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Ranking Member C APUANO for yielding me this time. 
I want to thank the capable chairman of the committee, Mr. S HUSTER , 
and the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. DEFAZIO, for bringing this important 
of the busiest Amtrak station in Ohio at Toledo and the Amtrak stations in Sandusky and ElyriaLorain, I rise to urge the passage of this important bill to continue and advance passenger rail service across our Nation. 
the United States was 146 million people. Today, it surpasses 320 million. By 2020, our Nation’s population is projected to reach over half a billion people—over 500 million. As time moves forward, the necessity for passenger rail will become clearer with each passing day. 
clogged with traffic jams daily, and the railroads across my region of our continent have severe freight rail and passenger rail conflicts because they are forced to use the same tracks. Imagine that we are living in the 21st century, and we are still tethered to 19th century rail pathways. 
booming despite these constraints—up from 108,000 passengers in 2007 to 160,000 passengers in 2013. A trend in my district has grown as well, with Toledo passengers on the northwest Ohio corridor increasing from 53,000 to 77,000 over the same time. Imagine the traffic jams if all of these individuals traveled by car instead of rail. 
our Nation that needs added attention to passenger rail service, as important as that is. It should also include the Great Lakes Region. The corridor that stretches the length of my district and connects our industrial heartland corridor from Pittsburgh to Cleveland to Sandusky to Toledo to Gary to Chicago needs special attention, too. 
between July and September, the Capitol Limited, which runs from Washington, D.C., to Chicago and includes my northern Ohio stretch, completed only 2.7 percent of its trips on time—2.7 percent out of 100 percent on time. The dramatic increase of freight rail consistently bumps passenger service. We need both, but what we have are these lengthy delays to passenger service across our vast region. 
I have two articles I would like to insert into the RECORD detailing these 
Shore Limited in Chicago on Tuesday night to visit a friend in Toledo. 
made it only about 15 miles to Indiana’s northwest corner, where it sat for about three hours, Ms. Smith recalled. By the time it got to Toledo, it was six hours behind schedule. 
It was only the latest of a series of late 
Amtrak trains the Melbourne, Australia, resident said she had encountered since arriving in Los Angeles last month and riding from there to San Francisco, Portland, Ore., Spokane, and Chicago. 
particularly for the overnight, longdistance trains such as those that serve Toledo—the Lake Shore Limited and Capitol Limited. Trains running more than three hours late have become the norm recently, and they have often lost that much or more just on the ChicagoToledo portion of trips. The Capitol Limited was 12 hours behind schedule on Sunday. 
the biggest obstacle to Amtrak’s timekeeping across northern Indiana and northern Ohio has been tracks blocked by freight trains belonging to Norfolk Southern, which owns and operates the line Amtrak uses between Chicago and Cleveland. 
doing to the American people. It’s a fraud,’’ Ms. Smith said. ‘‘Every train I’ve been on 
During the 12 months that ended in August, Capitol Limited trains arrived at their end stations in Chicago or Washington within 30 minutes of schedule only 22.5 percent of the time, while the Lake Shore reached Chicago or New York on time 30.8 percent of the time, according to Amtrak. 
and September data, when available, is unlikely to show improvement. In August, the best performer was the eastbound Lake Shore, which reached New York within 30 minutes of schedule 6.5 percent of the time— two trips. The westbound was late into Chicago every day of the month, and the Capitol Limiteds arrived on time once in each direction. 
translate to late eastbound departures, because Amtrak lacks spare equipment in Chicago to make up replacement trains when equipment arrives late, and it also does not have enough engineers and conductors to always have an extra train crew ready to replace one that has worked the maximum 12 hour shift set by federal regulation. 
Chicago, laid even the late departures from Chicago at Norfolk Southern’s feet. 
‘‘If the train is late getting to Chicago, it’s 
most likely going to be late eastbound while we’re servicing equipment and getting proper rest for our crews,’’ Mr. Magliari said. ‘‘The result is to drive up our costs, dissatisfy our passengers, and create ‘never again’ riders.’’ 
major stations like New York and Chicago, Toledo historically has been Amtrak’s busiest Ohio stop, and its ridership has declined of late. 
2010 and 2011, Toledo’s Amtrak ridership dropped to 87,073 in 2012 and 86,252 last year, according to statistics provided to the ToledoLucas County Port Authority, which owns the Toledo station. 
During the first seven months of 2014, Amtrak’s Toledo ridership has fallen by another 7 percent, those statistics show. 
David Pidgeon, a Norfolk Southern spokesman, said the freighttrain backlog is a product of ‘‘more trains and capacity challenges in the corridor between Chicago and Cleveland’’ because the freight traffic exceeds what the company handled before the 2008 recession. 
‘‘We generally have a cooperative relationship with Amtrak because we are each other’s landlords,’’ Mr. Pidgeon said. ‘‘We run on their network and they run on ours, so there’s plenty of business and personal incentive to keep the cooperation going. 
One of the busiest pieces of railroad in the 
entire United States, Norfolk Southern’s doubletrack main has become, to varying degrees, an obstacle course of stopped and slowmoving freight trains. 
A particular growth area has been oil shipments from the Bakken oilfields of North Dakota to terminals on the East Coast, rail traffic that simply didn’t exist before 2009 but now accounts for dozens of trains through Toledo each week. 
track between Chesterton and Gary, Ind., a 30mile section that is the busiest stretch of the region’s busiest freight railroad. It includes several major junctions and runs through the heart of one of America’s most heavily industrialized areas, the steel mills and a major oil refinery along Lake Michigan’s southern shore. Until that third track is ready for use, its construction is impairing 
traffic only goes one way while opposing trains wait. The spot where Ms. Smith’s train stopped is near the west end of the ChestertonGary construction zone. LaPorte, Ind.—where the Chicagobound Amtrak trains from Toledo have often sat for hours in recent weeks—is near the east end. 
from Toledo been affected by that problem, so too have Amtrak’s five daily roundtrip trains between Chicago and Detroit, Grand Rapids, and Port Huron, Mich., which use the same rails west of Chesterton. 
one of several capacityimprovement projects under way on Norfolk Southern in the region. 
million expansion of the Bellevue, Ohio, yard, which will double in size when the project is done later this year, easing congestion at other yards, Mr. Pidgeon said. 
Elkhart and hopefully significantly reduce transit times for our freight trains, keeping us moving and the network fluid,’’ he said. 
soon to be delivered and also has bought several hundred used ones in the past year or two to address shortages. 
It also is hiring close to 100 new train conductors in the Toledo area and has transferred 120 more from other parts of its system to the ClevelandChicago corridor to alleviate crew shortages, Mr. Pidgeon said. 
The Ohio Association of Railroad Passengers, an advocacy group, cites another factor in the freighttrain delays: An automated dispatching system Norfolk Southern has been introducing on portions of its rail network during the past two years. 
The system, called the AutoRouter, is designed to mimic a job human train dispatchers have done for years—deciding which trains run on which tracks at what time. The automated system could supplement that work, allowing the human dispatchers to work larger territories, or eventually it could replace them. 
Train dispatching is a job with a lot of 
variables because freight trains don’t all travel at the same speed. Some are long, heavy, and slow; others are short and, ideally, fast. 
need to stop at yards along the way to pick up or drop off cars also can factor into how trains are dispatched. 
also known as All Aboard Ohio—and Norfolk Southern sources who spoke on condition of anonymity because they’re not authorized to talk to reporters said the AutoRouter system’s flaws are contributing to the railroad’s congestion. 
Blade said they understand how the passenger trains are at the freight railroads’ mercy, some said the passengertrain operator could handle the situation better, too. 
the Bostonbound Lake Shore in Sandusky in late September to visit a sister in New Hampshire, said she and her travel companion got two emails ‘‘in the middle of the night’’ about train delays but got no updates after that. 
Bostonbound passengers rode from Albany got to Boston at 4 a.m. the next day, the station there was locked. The passengers cajoled the bus driver into letting them take shelter in a neighboring bus garage, she said. ‘‘That was it—it was ridiculous,’’ Ms. 
good toward future train travel. Ms. McGraw said she hopes to use hers once the current problems are resolved, but her companion swore off train travel because of the experience. 
handling of Amtrak violates a 1973 federal law directing the freight railroads to give the passenger trains preferential handling. 
directed the Federal Railroad Administration and Amtrak to develop performance standards for Amtrak trains. 
stalled this. According to the rail passengers association, Amtrak’s overall ontime performance has plummeted since that 2013 ruling, which is the subject of a pending Supreme Court appeal. 
spokesman, said his company has recently changed the train routes it uses to move packages in response to train delays, though he did not confirm that the company specifically removed its cargo from the Norfolk Southern route. 
‘‘We have seen some recent lower reliability in several lanes and are adjusting accordingly, with guidance from our rail service partners as to appropriate network corrections,’’ Mr. McMackin said. ‘‘While there have been lanes affected over the last several months, we expect longterm reliability to return and most of our adjustments are seen as temporary.’’ 
But while UPS may be ready to send packages back to the ClevelandToledoChicago corridor once Norfolk Southern’s problems are resolved, Amtrak could have a harder time winning back Tanya Miller, of Taylor, Mich., one of the riders who boarded the New Yorkbound train in Toledo on Wednesday morning. 
‘‘This is my first time and my very last 
time taking Amtrak,’’ she said. ‘‘I’m not recommending Amtrak to anyone.’’ 
tracks one recent morning near an idled Lake Shore Limited train in Cleveland had a lot of time to kill. 
of Chicago Union Station and pulled into Cleveland about 3
line on the CSX tracks between downtown Cleveland and Collinwood—reports varied— meant another delay of five hours before the Amtrak train pulled out of town. 
Buffalo after a train trip to the canyonlands of Arizona, Utah and Nevada, weren’t too 
journey was on time, they said. In fact, not one was less than 5
Lake Shore Limited was stalled in Cleveland, they were headed home to Buffalo— four hours away by car. 
an Amtrak schedule as a wish list more than a schedule,’’ Ed Sobala said. 
Delays like this—and they’re chronic nationwide, including along northern Ohio’s eastwest corridor, for both Amtrak passenger trains and freight trains—have prompted three of this region’s metropolitan planning organizations to set up a rail alliance to work on improving what is the fastestgrowing U.S. transportation mode in the 21st century. 
dramatically, but specifically on that corridor,’’ said Grace Gallucci, executive director of the Northeast Ohio Areawide Coordinating Agency, which joined with the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments and the Erie County Regional Planning Commission to form the Northern Ohio Rail Alliance. 
Gallucci attributes the increase in passenger rail traffic to economics and demographics—high gas prices, expensive air fares, Millennials more interested in public transportation than their parents. 
passengers to fill a dozen Boeing 737s each day along the tracks in northern Ohio, according to the advocacy group All Aboard Ohio, and 70 daily freight trains carry about 20,000 truckload equivalents of cargo. 
from Chicago through Ohio to New York City and Boston, averages 1,100 passengers a day. 
One of the rail alliance’s first goals is to 
persuade the Ohio Department of Transportation to release $938,000 that Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur secured in 2010 for rail planning. 
study highspeed rail, but that project was scrubbed by Gov. John Kasich when he took office. Kasich said highspeed rail was a ‘‘money pit’’ because it would cost the state about $17 million a year to maintain and operate, with no guarantee enough tickets could be sold to cover the expenses. 
changed (it) to include a review of the Cleveland to Toledo route. That’s new. For that reason, all interested parties...must again meet in person to discuss and agree on details of the study plan.’’ 
ODOT last week set up a meeting for Oct. 
Aboard Ohio say redesigning the Amtrak stations in northern Ohio would do a lot to improve rail service. Trains stopping at Cleveland, Elyria and Sandusky can process passengers from only one track of the two track railway. 
tracks, and during the crossover, both tracks at the station are occupied. Opposing rail traffic must stop. The result: At least 80 minutes of delay to the four passenger trains that arrive nightly at each station, and as much or more delay to freight traffic. 
The station in Toledo can process passengers from both tracks but only at ground level walkways not platforms. 
for money overseen by ODOT’s Transportation Review Advisory Council—which typically deals with projects that add capacity to Ohio roads. She said rail station work also should be eligible for money the state is raising for ODOT projects by letting the Ohio Turnpike issue bonds that will be paid off with toll increases. 
‘‘We have to get away from this idea that 
every transportation mode competes against the others,’’ Gallucci said. 
Bakken Fields in the Dakotas to East Coast refineries have added to freight delays, including in Cleveland. 
Of the 60 to 90 freight trains that rumble 
daily through Northeast Ohio on the tracks owned and operated by Norfolk Southern, nine are oil trains. And that’s due to grow by 
another 18 trains in coming months, said Ken Prendergast, All Aboard Ohio executive director. 
In September, officials representing agricultural, auto and chemical industries told a Senate committee that widespread delays in freight shipments were affecting an array of industries and forcing some out of business. The Associated Press reported that lawmakers displayed a photo of a giant mound of wheat languishing in North Dakota because farmers couldn’t get a railroad company to ship it. 
Jonathan Fields and Jacquie Mon, traveling on the Empire Builder from Portland, Oregon to Albany, New York, were delayed five hours in Minot, North Dakota, when their train was put on a siding track while oil trains moved past. 
the freightowned rails if they were within a certain window of time,’’ Mon wrote in an email. ‘‘I spent some time Googling the subject and learned about the oil trains, the judge who ruled that it wasn’t legal to require the freight trains to give Amtrak priority and that his decision was being appealed.’’ 
‘‘If there had been a game, we would have 
had enough time for a leisurely tailgate party, time to settle into our seats and watch the teams warmup, enjoy—more or less—the game, and time for drinks and play call second guessing after the game,’’ Fields said. 
their luggage during the delay in Cleveland,’’ he said. ‘‘They decided to fly to New York because they had an appointment they 
couldn’t miss. I last saw them get in a cab headed for the Cleveland airport.’’ 
Ms. KAPTUR. Customers are understandably frustrated. Our region needs customerconvenient hours and passengerfriendly arrivals and departures. Our Great Lakes Region needs a capital investment plan, too, for passenger service. We need evaluation for State supported routes. Our region needs expedited attention, methodology development, and service planning to remedy growing congestion inefficiencies that benefit no one, not the freight lines, not the passenger service, and surely not the communities they are supposed to serve—nor connectivity to inner city passenger rail service. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Midwest industrial heartland region not be excluded for alternative passenger rail service pilot programs, opportunities for rail investment, station improvements, and historic preservation, nor for publicprivate partnerships that can advance modern passenger rail in this vital corridor of our country. 
and Mr. Ranking Member, and I urge the adoption of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. 
my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. 
DENHAM ). He is one of the principal authors of this piece of legislation, the gentleman who did yeoman’s work on this bill and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
is a lot of talk about bipartisanship in this body. Oftentimes, a bill will come to the floor, and you may hope that one party or the other might throw some votes your way or that you might get some lastminute votes. True bipartisanship is what has happened on this committee. 
I, Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and Ranking Member 
only form a bipartisan bill but to actually educate every one of our Members. We want to talk to Members of both parties and now of even both Houses to make sure that we are actually reforming something that is going to create not only a more efficient system but create American jobs. 
I want to thank each of those individuals for their willingness not only to work together but to work hard. It takes a lot of time to set up separate meetings with every single one of your colleagues in order to explain all of the intricacies on such a large bill. In this case, we have done that. We saw bipartisan and unanimous support first out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last year and now, this year, again, unanimous support out of the Rules Committee on a bill for which we get real structural reform. 
Northeast corridor. So, if you are riding the train on the Northeast corridor, your profits—the money that each rider is spending—will actually go back to fixing your rail. We make sure that you are upgrading the infrastructure, that you are creating jobs, and that you are creating a more efficient Amtrak. That is something the riders on the Northeast corridor should be proud of, and it should be a lesson for every other corridor across the country—that you get to keep your profits and improve your infrastructure and actually have greater ridership numbers in the process. 
In this bill, we are cutting our authorizations by 40 percent. I think it is a great opportunity to actually highlight some of the successes that they have had but to also demand more. 
want to make sure that what is happening in California does not happen in the rest of the country. Where you have great rail projects going with higher speed—with highspeed moving into New York and Florida—we want to make sure that we don’t have the same challenges that are plaguing California’s highspeed rail, which has tripled in price. 
issues in here that will get rid of waste. That includes the food and beverage losses that we see year after year. We want to make sure that Amtrak is moving in the right direction to eliminate those losses. 
and creates jobs to fix centuryold infrastructure problems. It unlocks the RRIF program, a program which has billions of dollars in it, yet every year when you are going to upgrade your infrastructure when you have a new project, this is one of the least areas that you want to work in because RRIF is so much of a challenge. 
There are long timelines, long approval processes. If you are going to invest in something, you want to know: Am I going to win out this loan application, or is it something that is going to actually hinder or slow down our project? 
to have those who need the access to capital that are going to improve our infrastructure to actually have the benefits of that program. 
leverages the private sector to reduce the Amtrak subsidies and actually use the stations to be more profitable. Amtrak has stations in many key cities that can be utilized to increase profits from everything from the restaurants and shopping that they have, but to also be able to advertise in those stations. And advertise on the rightof way, the right of way that Amtrak has to be able to use billboards, set up cell sites. There is so much more profitability that we can have by having Amtrak as a partner. 
I just want to touch on a couple of 
rails have is the red tape they have to go through on the environmental process and on the historical review process. In this reform bill, we are not saying that you don’t have to go through that process; we are just saying that we are going to streamline it so you can go through it quickly. There ought to be timelines. You ought to be able to meet timelines so you can plan your infrastructure and you can plan those jobs so you can actually move America forward and move our rail forward at the same time. 
taken this reform bill to the next level. We reformed the State routes last PRIIA bill. We are doing it again this time to empower States to have more control over their routes. If a train is going to come through their district or their State, they ought to have some input on not only whether or not it is going to stop, but also increasing ridership in that process. They ought to have some skin in the game, and this allows them to do that. 
I think has created more bipartisanship than anything else in this bill, and 
somebody else that should receive some recognition is actually my dog, Lilly, who will now be able to ride on the train. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Northeast corridor and you have never ridden the rail before because you have a pet that you either have to leave at home or a pet that you are going to drive because of, you will now have the opportunity to ride on Amtrak—not only in the Northeast corridor, but all across the country. This is something that we have had pet owners reach out to us on from every different State asking that they actually be able to do this. 
I can take my dog back and forth to 
California on the airplane. I pay an additional fee to do that, but it is something that provides me the ability to be able to travel with my pet. Why wouldn’t we do that same thing on Amtrak? 
if they are looking for greater revenue, why wouldn’t they be able to compete in this one more area with our airlines? I mean, this is a commonsense opportunity for those who want to take rail to actually be able to travel with their pet. I would like to say that it has been something that has not only helped us build a path, but brought on greater bipartisanship. 
This bill has taken a lot of work. I 
appreciate the chairman’s work and the ranking member’s work on this. It has been a great bipartisan effort. I am looking forward to its passage today. 
the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
Amtrak reauthorization before us today speaks volumes for the chairman and ranking member of our committee. It is the first Amtrak bill on the floor since 2008. It is a bipartisan bill. But, it also speaks volumes that Amtrak has performed so well without additional revenue. 
level funding, just a tiny bit more. When we call Amtrak ‘‘America’s railroad,’’ that is not a metaphor, Mr. Chairman. All of its stock is owned by the Department of Transportation. The reason for that is that the private sector in the 1970s found running a railroad to be a moneylosing proposition and asked the Federal Government to take over Amtrak. 
structured as a private company. But like every railroad in the world, it is either subsidized by the government or the public cannot afford to ride. The bill has almost no new funding, but even without new funding, Amtrak has already scored great points. 
revival of train travel in the United States of America, and it has done so 
in a way that the government can take almost no credit for. For example, ticket revenue was $1.5 billion in 2005; then we go 5 years later to 2010, it is $1.8 billion; and today, it is $2.1 billion. Yet the average ticket has increased only $5 every 5 years over that period of time. Amtrak knows what the market is about, and it has grown based on volume, not revenue. The railroad has seen phenomenal growth in passengers, reaching records as high as its highest record in 1988, when the equipment was much newer. 
is simply the number of seats filled. More Amtrak seats are filled today than at any time. Its ontime performance is above 80 percent, and that is amazing when you consider that Amtrak does not own most of the tracks it runs over. They are owned by the freight companies. The first cause of delay, frequent freight traffic. The second cause of delay, reduced speed needed for maintenance. 
run a railroad, and to run a railroad on time, but Amtrak needs to be able to run a 21st century railroad. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. NORTON. Until the Federal Government owns up to investing more in the railroad that we own, Amtrak will be running a 20th century railroad—or is it a 19th century railroad, Mr. Chairman? 
coming up and talking about some of the important reforms in this bill. I want to add to that. 
One of the key things we do in this 
bill is we are empowering the States. There are 19 States and 21 Statesupported lines. I just look to Pennsylvania. I think they are a prime example of what happens when States work together with Amtrak. 
especially on my side of the aisle who I hope are listening to this debate, we are going to empower those States to have equal say with Amtrak when you are investing dollars in these various lines around the country. An example is the Keystone line in Pennsylvania from Harrisburg to Philadelphia. 
Several years ago, the State of Pennsylvania and Amtrak each invested $100 million into that line. They decreased the travel time by about 20 minutes from Philadelphia to Harrisburg and Harrisburg to Philadelphia. They increased their reliability, and the ridership over the last several years has gone up almost 80 percent. This year, this first quarter, they are projecting they are going to make a profit on that line. That is exactly the kind of example that we in Congress need to look to. 
we can have a better Amtrak if we do 
To name just a few of the lines that 
Texas right now is investing private dollars into rail. These lines that are State sponsored, it is going to help them develop these lines. Environmental reviews, streamlining the review process, that is going to help Texas when those dollars are invested. 
San Francisco corridor, another State sponsored line, when Amtrak and California get together, they can make improvements on that line to help the movement of people in that corridor. 
Lynchburg, Newport News, Norfolk, and Richmond, Virginia, the State of Virginia and Amtrak can come together and make those investments. That is one of the fastest growing corridors in America. I know the folks who represent Norfolk and southern Virginia and Washington, D.C., a growing area, passenger rail is essential. 
Carolina, the technology corridor there in Raleigh connecting to the largest city in the Carolinas, Charlotte. Again, 
it is a Statesponsored line. It is going to give North Carolina the ability to work with Amtrak, to have power when they make those investments to upgrade those lines. 
States. This is really important. Some of our fastgrowing Southern States, look at this bill. This bill empowers the States. It has the reforms. I believe that all Members should be able to support this as real reform and improving Amtrak. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, may I 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The gentleman from Massachusetts has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 14 minutes remaining. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, before I begin, let me thank Chairman SHUSTER and the ranking 
member for their leadership and hard work in bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. 
I know that both sides had other provisions that they wanted included in the bill. I personally wanted to include much more funding for Amtrak, but in the tradition of our committee, we compromised and developed a bill that ensures that our Nation’s passenger rail system has an opportunity to thrive. 
This legislation maintains longdistance routes, protects hardworking Amtrak employees, invests in the Northeast corridor, promotes minority opportunities in rail, improves access to the RRIF loan program, and takes another step forward in restoring passenger rail service to the Gulf States. As more and more Americans turn to 
rail as their preferred mode of transportation, Amtrak is building the infrastructure and organization to meet this demand. Amtrak carried a record number of 31.6 million passengers in 2013. Their ridership has been growing across the system for over a decade, with last year’s ridership numbers being the largest in history. Currently, they serve more than 500 destinations in 46 States and provide the only public transportation option for millions of rural Americans. 
serve more than 500 destinations in 46 States, and provide the only public transportation options for millions of rural Americans. 
Amtrak has increased revenue, reduced debt, implemented new passenger service, improved their infrastructure, and purchased train sets that are being built in America with 100 percent Americanmade parts. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Amtrak reduces congestion, improves our energy independence, and it plays a vital role in emergency preparedness and recovery, as it did in the 9/11 bombings and Hurricane Katrina. 
There is no perfect bill, but this is a 
perfect start, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Let’s keep Amtrak moving forward. 
As I close, I just want to be clear: I 
support this bill. I ask all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Amtrak and move it forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
into this important legislation to ensure passenger rail service remains a viable option for travelers across the country. In particular, as a pet lover, I am very happy to see the language based on Chairman DENHAM ’s Pets on 
Trains legislation, which I am cosponsor of. But I do have concerns that the bill we are going to pass today doesn’t set us on a course for building out services to parts of the country that do not now have access to passenger rail. 
I represent Las Vegas, which welcomes more than 42 million people from around the world to our world class resorts, casinos, restaurants, shopping, shows, et cetera. More and more of these visitors are coming from Asia and Europe, where rail services are accessible and efficient. 
to service Las Vegas departed from the station on Glitter Gulch behind the Union Plaza in May of 1977. 
continued its transformation into the premier international tourist destination. Since the trains stopped running, nearly a million more residents now call southern Nevada home and 10 million more people come to Las Vegas for work and play every year. This growth has put an enormous strain on our highways and airports. 
While I will be supporting this legislation, I do hope, as the body advances further policies regarding passenger rail, we recognize the need to build out rail services to communities like Las Vegas, not just maintain the current system. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I understand the gentleman doesn’t have any additional speakers, so I am prepared to close if he is ready to close. 
everything that has been said. This bill is pretty good, and it deserves our support. I am looking forward to voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I am looking forward to getting it passed through the Senate. 
going on in Congress here now, this bill is my idea of a perfect situation. We didn’t get everything we wanted; they didn’t get everything some of their Members wanted, yet we are moving forward. 
being, in my opinion, the perfect type of Member of Congress: someone who knows what they want but also knows how to compromise to move a bill forward. 
I am honored to be here today. I am 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. How much time do I 
use it all. I am sure any of my colleagues watching on TV are hoping I don’t use it all also. 
again that this is truly a reform bill that was crafted in a bipartisan basis. There is significant reforms in here. It is going to make Amtrak more transparent. They are going to force these metrics to measure like businesses do. They haven’t done that for the 40 years or so they have been in existence. 
streamlining, which not only benefits Amtrak projects, but it is going to benefit the freight rails, as they spend 18 percent of their revenues—almost $30 billion—that they will invest across the class I railroads to go into their infrastructure, which is incredibly important to movement of freight in this country and having an efficient economy. 
business lines, leaving the profits on the Northeast corridor—and the other profits on other corridors—but that is the biggest corridor, that is the one 
dollars, we can learn from what is happening on the Northeast corridor because there are corridors around this country that need to be developed because of the growing population. That is why we empower the States on those 21 Statesponsored lines. 
have more power, more say—equal say, I will say—with Amtrak. As Texas develops their corridors down there, they are going to work with Amtrak—the North Carolina lines; the Virginia lines that run to Washington, D.C., and other places in Virginia; and California. Those Statesponsored lines are going to have the ability to make those investments with Amtrak to improve those lines. 
Keystone line because I think that is really a prime example of what can happen on a corridor when the State and Amtrak work together. Ridership is up almost 80 percent over the past several years. They are going to be projecting a profit in the first quarter this year, which is the first time in history. 
when you have transparency, when you give States power, when you streamline the environmental review process, those are the kind of good things that can happen. 
not perfect, but we are moving the ball in the right direction. We are moving the ball so that we can see a better Amtrak and improved passenger rail. 
I truly believe that you need passenger rail in this country, especially in some of these corridors—10, 11 corridors around this Nation where populations are growing. The population of the United States is growing, and we see the prime example of the Northeast corridor, 18 percent of the population on 3 percent of the land mass. They have to have passenger rail. 
There are about 11 million riders, almost 12 million riders on Amtrak, but there are 250 million people that connect to Amtrak through the transit systems in the Northeast corridor. It is an incredible link that needs to be maintained, needs to be improved; and this bill, I believe, does that. 
come to the floor today and vote in favor of this truly reform bill that will make Amtrak better and drive down what the Federal Government puts into that system. I think this bill does that. Again, I encourage the support of H.R. 749. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
two centuries ago we began to utilize rail for moving freight and people around our great nation. This technological leap helped to greatly expand our economy and bring together our vast continental nation. 
in connecting population centers and moving people to their places of work. It is vital that 
we continue to find new ways to improve and modernize our infrastructure to meet the demands of the modern world. 
As a member of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines and Hazardous Materials of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee I am proud to support this important legislation because it will help to accomplish this important goal. 
Act will assist in advancing large infrastructure projects through new partnerships with the private sector and states including giving states a greater role in managing routes. 
through streamlining the environmental processes, and it increases transparency for Amtrak which will require it to operate in a more businesslike manner 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this important legislation to give our nation a stronger and more vital passenger rail system. 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support 
of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. This is good, bipartisan legislation that will strengthen our nation’s passenger rail system and create American jobs. My district in New Jersey sits along the Northeast Corridor, the busiest corridor in the Nation. In 2014, the Northeast Corridor saw a ridership of 11.6 million; its highest ridership year on record. 
As ridership continues to grow, the necessity to invest in rail infrastructure becomes more vital. I am pleased that this bill will provide 1.9 billion dollars for capital improvements along the Northeast Corridor. This money will assist states with the opportunity to grow their passenger rail services, which in turn will help provide more affordable transportation options. 
I am a strong supporter of the Buy America 
provisions that will ensure that American rail is built with American iron and steel. In addition to providing the capital and resources needed to bring the American rail system into the 21st Century, this legislation will help meet the growing demand for more costefficient and environmentally friendly means of transportation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–9. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015’’. 
Secretary for the Office of the Inspector General of Amtrak the following amounts: 
Code, and section 20154 of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
Secretary may withhold up to 1⁄2of 1 percent of 
amounts appropriated pursuant to chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, for the costs of project management oversight of capital projects carried out pursuant to such chapter. 
Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall establish and maintain internal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs and revenues are allocated to either the Northeast Corridor or the National Network, including proportional shares of common and fixed costs. 
later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish and transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate substantive and procedural requirements, including schedules, for grant requests under this section. 
grant requests for Federal funds to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak to— 
funded, along with cost estimates and an estimated timetable for completion of the projects covered by the request; 
those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Government. 
days after receiving a modified request from Amtrak, the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still incomplete or deficient, the Secretary shall identify in writing to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate the remaining deficiencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding portions of the request. 
payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds more frequently than once every 90 days if Amtrak, for good cause, requests more frequent payment before a 90day period ends. 
Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall remain available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appropriated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obligated. 
interest on loans for capital equipment, or capital leases, attributable to the Northeast Corridor. 
funds appropriated pursuant to the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 or any other Act, or any surplus generated by operations, between the Northeast Corridor Improvement Fund and National Network accounts upon the expiration of 60 days after Amtrak has notified the Amtrak Board of Directors of such transfer. 
the transfer, including effects on Amtrak services if no transfer were made. 
commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of intent shall state 
that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government, and is subject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
that describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, operational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
of funding for each payment, including Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
contract will increase Amtrak’s grant request, as required under section 24318, in that particular fiscal year; and 
table of sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new items: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Northeast Corridor Infrastructure and Operations Advisory Commission established under section 24905 (referred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall develop a capital investment plan for the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines. 
prioritize projects and investments along the Northeast Corridor based on— 
across the entire Northeast Corridor and among the various owners and users; 
Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; or 
the Northeast Corridor, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, higher operating speeds, and other improvements; 
passenger accessibility, operations, safety, reliability, and resiliency, and on the ability of infrastructure owners and operators to meet regulatory requirements should the project not be funded; and 
‘‘(II) an assessment of the benefits and costs; ‘‘(iv) identifies the extent to which the capital 
assets are or will be jointly used by intercity passenger rail service and other users, and the proportionate share of that joint usage; and 
or partially funded through Federal financial assistance, identifies the most appropriate public agency or entity to receive those funds and implement each capital project. 
phase the implementation of projects necessary to achieve the goals and findings contained in such Northeast Corridor service development plan; 
prioritization and programs based upon the availability of Federal and nonFederal funding; 
outcomes associated with plan implementation, including the anticipated effect on passenger accessibility, operations, safety, reliability, and resiliency. 
Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of the condition of each of 
each asset has changed since the previous iteration of the plan; and 
and processes for bringing or maintaining those assets in a stateofgood repair, including decision support tools and investment prioritization methodologies. 
than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act 
least once every 10 years, update the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
table of sections for chapter 249 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008, and the items relating thereto in the table of contents of such Act. 
Code, and the item relating thereto in the table of sections for chapter 241 of such title. 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
date of enactment of an Act appropriating funds pursuant to section 101 of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, or any subsequent authorization of appropriations for the same purposes, the Amtrak Board of Directors shall prepare and transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a 5 year capital and operating plan for the Northeast Corridor and National Network. 
and Operations Advisory Commission, with respect to the Northeast Corridor; and 
the Northeast Corridor, Statesupported routes, longdistance routes, and corporate development, including Federal and nonFederal funding sources; 
debt and associated principal and interest payments (both current and anticipated); 
cash operating loss per passenger on a route, business line, and corporate basis; 
‘‘(ii) specific costs and savings estimates resulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(iii) productivity statistics on a route, business line, and corporate basis; and 
as applicable, and grant processes established under sections 24911 and 24318. 
subsection, the term ‘dedicated funding’ means any amounts appropriated for a fiscal year and any other funding sources, including revenues and other ancillary funding streams, for the Northeast Corridor or the National Network. 
the Board shall apply sound budgetary practices, including reducing costs and other expenditures, improving productivity, increasing revenues, or combinations of such practices. 
table of sections for such chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of such Act, are repealed. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a StateSupported Route Advisory Committee to promote mutual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail operations and related activities of trains operated on Statesupported routes and to further implement section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
routes, selected by the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration on the basis of appropriate expertise and geographic balance, and in a manner that ensures that all appropriate States are represented periodically on the Committee. 
Committee shall establish a schedule and location for convening meetings, but shall meet no less than 2 times every fiscal year. The Committee shall develop rules and procedures to govern the Committee’s proceedings. 
2016, and annually thereafter, Amtrak shall transmit to each State that sponsors a State supported route, and to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate— 
each such route for the upcoming fiscal year, developed pursuant to the methodology established under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
2016, and monthly thereafter, Amtrak shall provide to each State that sponsors a Statesupported route a monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and thirdparty costs. 
Surface Transportation Board under this subsection shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
Administration may provide assistance to the parties in the course of negotiations for a contract for operation of a Statesupported route. 
a contract for operation of a Statesupported route, Amtrak and the State or States that sponsor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for performance based on metrics that take into account only those factors within the control of Amtrak or the State or States. 
the term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia.’’. 
table of sections for such chapter 247 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, as a condition of receiving a grant under section 101 of such Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an independent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail passenger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
and service quality of intercity rail passenger transportation operations, including cost recovery, ontime performance, ridership, onboard services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transportation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
intercity rail passenger transportation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
infrastructure over which Amtrak operates, Amtrak employee representatives, and other interested parties; and 
under authorization levels that have been enacted into law. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, the Federal 
Railroad Administration shall complete a rulemaking proceeding to develop a pilot program that— 
bidder would operate the route, what Amtrak passenger equipment would be needed, if any, and what sources of nonFederal funding the bidder would use, including any State subsidy, among other things; 
of 90 percent of the level in effect for that specific route during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
plan describing the number of employees needed to operate the service, the job assignments and requirements, and the terms of work for prospective and current employees of the bidder for the service outlined in the bid, and that such staffing plan be made available by the winning bidder to the public after the bid award. 
Administration awards the right and obligation to provide passenger rail service over a route under this section to a rail carrier or rail carriers— 
carrier or rail carriers for rail passenger operations on that route that conditions the operating and subsidy rights on— 
rail carrier or rail carriers in the operation of a route under this section shall be considered an employee of that carrier or carriers and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak, including provisions under section 
121 of the Amtrak Reform and Accountability Act of 1997 (49 U.S.C. 4312 note) relating to employees that provide food and beverage service; and 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees displaced by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bidder, and shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405 of this title. 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Amtrak shall develop and begin implementing a plan to eliminate, within 5 years of such date of enactment, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
that no Amtrak employee holding a position as of the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 is involuntarily separated because of— 
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years 
after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, no Federal funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative passenger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak pursuant to section 24711. 
sections for chapter 243 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking private sector persons or entities to utilize Amtrakowned rightofway for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities considered appropriate by Amtrak. The Request for Proposals shall provide sufficient information on Amtrak’s rightofway real estate assets to enable respondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize such assets through revenue sharing agreements with Amtrak. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the Request for Proposals required by this section, including summary information of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by the Amtrak Board of Directors. 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on options to enhance development around Amtrak stations, including— 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the Request for Proposals required by this section, including summary information of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by the Amtrak Board of Directors. 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall develop a pilot program that allows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on certain trains operated by Amtrak. 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed passenger may transport a domesticated cat or dog in the same manner as carryon baggage if— 
with Amtrak size requirements for carriage of carryon baggage; 
domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or modify existing train cars. 
be used to implement the pilot program required under this section. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Office of Inspector General shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— 
its 10 stations through which the most people pass; 
improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, including recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and freeflow of all stationusers. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 24407. FederalState partnership for Northeast Corridor rehabilitation and improvement 
The term ‘major stateofgoodrepair project’ means a capital project primarily intended to replace, rehabilitate or repair major Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets utilized for providing intercity rail passenger transportation, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets as determined by the Secretary. 
and Operations Advisory Commission, established under section 24905, shall develop and approve a Northeast Corridor Priority Project List that shall include— 
stateofgoodrepair projects and improvement projects along the Northeast Corridor that— 
a 5year funding amount based on the most recent appropriation; or 
this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
be obligated to an applicant under this section unless the applicant has transmitted to the Secretary of Transportation a binding written commitment to provide all amounts necessary for the purpose of matching Federal contributions as required by this section. 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines.’’. 
sections for chapter 244 of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘24407. FederalState partnership for Northeast Corridor rehabilitation and improvement.’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue regulations implementing the amendments made by this section. 
90 days after receiving’’ and inserting ‘‘D ISAPPROVAL .— 
applicant a description of the specific components of the application that remain incomplete if an application is determined to be incomplete; and 
Secretary shall assign an independent financial analyst within 45 days of submittal of a complete application.’’. 
Act (45 U.S.C. 822) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
year after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the program under this section that provides information on loans approved and disapproved by the Secretary during the previous year. Such report shall not disclose the identity of direct loan or loan guarantee recipients. The report shall describe— 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
under this subsection shall require collateral equal to the loan amount requested. 
shall not apply to loans made or guaranteed under this subsection.’’. 
enactment of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report listing any waiver issued under this section during the preceding year.’’. 
Section 24402 of title 49, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following subsection: 
this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
not obligate any funding unless the applicant demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that it has committed and will be able to fulfill the nonFederal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project completion timetable. 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
financial plan that generally identifies the sources of the nonFederal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the corridor service development program covering the project for which the grant is made; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable segment, a transportation facility, or equipment, that has operational independence; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits anticipated to result from the grant, such as increased speed, improved ontime performance, reduced trip time, increased frequencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessibility, or other significant enhancements are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in atrisk work activities subsequent to the conclusion of final design where the Secretary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
shall conduct a nationwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals in publically funded intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) projects administered by the Federal Railroad Administration. 
concern’’ means a small business concern as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
available to the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Transportation and the Federal Railroad Administration, for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, $3,000,000 shall be used to implement the requirements of this section. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Railroad Administration shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the report transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432); 
projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
sources required to restore such service, including options for entering into publicprivate partnerships to restore such service. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation in the Senate a report that includes— 
item relating to section 24316 in the table of sections for chapter 243 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Plan to assist’’ and inserting ‘‘Plans to address needs of’’. 
the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
‘‘equipment manufacturers,’’ the following: ‘‘nonprofit organizations representing employees who perform overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’; 
establish a corporation, which may be owned or jointlyowned by Amtrak, participating States, or other entities, to perform these functions’’; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall begin a rulemaking to govern the Federal review, permitting, and approval or disapproval of— 
process improvements that agencies are already implementing to improve the efficiency of reviews; 
and State, local, and tribal governments to participate in the review process, expand coordination with such agencies and governments, and require the identification as early as practicable in the process of any— 
local, and tribal governments as cooperating and participating agencies; 
with affected Federal agencies, for completion of those reviews, analyses, opinions, and permits, licenses, or approvals; 
stakeholders as early in the review process as possible; 
incost authorities and other nonappropriated funding sources to support early coordination and project review; 
tools and identify priority areas for information technology investment to replace paperwork processes, enhance effective project siting decisions, enhance interagency collaboration, and improve the monitoring of project impacts and mitigation commitments; 
the procedures are adopted and used by other Federal agencies, and State, local, and tribal governments, to the maximum extent practicable, to eliminate redundancy and duplicative reviews; 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies, including the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, the National Conference of State Historic Preservation Officers, the National Association of Tribal Historic Preservation Officers, and nongovernmental stakeholders representing the railroad industry and historic preservation concerns, shall— 
for reviews under section 303 of title 49, United 
States Code (as those terms are used in 23 C.F.R. 774); and 
properties that include both historic and non historic components; 
the National Historic Preservation Act, reviews under section 303 of title 49, United States Code, and environmental reviews; and 
in which physical assets, both individually and as a system, are— 
that called for in their asbuilt or asmodified design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–36. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–36. 
The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 43, line 24, strike ‘‘where appropriate’’ and insert ‘‘including small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals’’. 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) and a 
work on this. It has been a bipartisan effort. 
It has been a long time since we have 
seen a rail bill, and it’s about time. We need to do something to improve our rail system. This bill authorizes $7.2 billion for passenger rail over the next 4 fiscal years and will help improve Amtrak’s service and longterm stability. It has a wide range of support from all the stakeholders. 
I have two Amtrak stations in my region, and both of them are in communities that are devastated by the economic downturn, and unfortunately, our small businesses have been slower to recover from the recession because they have less access to capital and information. 
Section 208 of this bill directs Amtrak to submit a report to Congress within 1 year on the options to enhance economic development around the Amtrak stations. This provision requires Amtrak to issue a request for proposals seeking persons or entities to carry out these proposals. 
My amendment encourages the process to be inclusive of socially and economically disadvantaged businesses while keeping the intent to strengthen multimodal connections, capturing developmentrelated streams, meaning multiple revenue sources and better leveraging station assets. 
and economically disadvantaged small businesses a chance to provide their input and feedback on station development proposals in and around Amtrak communities. 
is at least 51 percent owned and controlled by one or more socially and economically disadvantaged individuals or groups. According to the Minority Business Development Agency, only 2 percent of all minorityowned firms are considered high revenue, meaning businesses with annual receipts of over $1 million. These enterprises account for 68 percent of total receipts and 61 percent of all jobs produced by all minority enterprises. 
As these businesses grow and innovate, so does the rest of our economy. Our society and economy is made stronger from diversity, and socially and economically disadvantaged businesses should have information to compete and to be included in all the business development with public and private entities. 
has done very well in recognizing the role that disadvantaged small businesses play in the community. We must ensure that this also remains true of Amtrak. 
We need to see that these disadvantaged areas develop in sync with the money that is being spent. We just want to make sure that the information is there so they can compete on a fair basis. 
chance to invest in our intercity passenger rail service and spur innovation, growth, and investment in the surrounding communities. I encourage the adoption of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment does clarify that socially and economically disadvantaged small businesses can compete for contracts in the bills dealing with the redevelopment of stations. 
A lot of these stations are in downtown areas that are very desirable for development, and so we want to encourage that. This amendment, I believe, strengthens the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, the 
good thing about the amendment, it doesn’t cost anything, and I think it will really help some of our disadvantaged communities. 
the downtown areas that need the most help, so I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY). 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have an amendment at the desk. 
small business’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000 as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, and I commend and congratulate Mr. SHUSTER on his very thoughtful approach to this passenger rail reform bill, which is poised to pass, and I encourage its passage here today. 
the most highly skilled workforce in our Nation’s history. They are the product of rigorous training and ironclad commitment to teamwork. They have a remarkable ability to succeed where others might fail. 
million veterans own and operate their own businesses, creating and sustaining over 8 million jobs for hardworking Americans. However, the current pool of veteranowned businesses is getting older, with recent census data showing that 75 percent of current veteranowned businesses were age 55 and over. 
look toward retirement, America will begin to lose a key driver of economic growth. We need to be thinking now about how to encourage the next generation of veterans—the more than 250,000 servicemembers currently transitioning from military to civilian life—to take up the jobcreating mantle of starting their own veteranowned businesses. 
one in four veterans saying they are considering starting or buying their own small business. We cannot miss this opportunity. 
today works to ensure we, as a Congress, are doing everything possible to level the playing field for these veteran entrepreneurs when competing for Federal contracts. It is a simple premise that my constituents in Bucks and Montgomery Counties, Pennsylvania, know and understand as fairness to veterans. 
It adds veteranowned small businesses to the small business participation study required under section 305 of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. Section 305 directs the Secretary of Transportation to conduct a nationwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of certain classes of small businesses. 
completely level playing field throughout Federal contracting for every small business, the fact is, today, some get a 
preference when doing business with the Federal Government when veterans do not. 
of addressing that discrepancy. Fairness to veterans is not about dramatically overhauling the current system, but it is about making sure that if anybody is going to get a preference, veterans should at least have an equal shot. 
the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act will give the Department of Transportation a better understanding of the availability of veteranowned small businesses to help rebuild our crumbling rail infrastructure and hopefully help highlight the benefit of embracing veteranowned businesses in all future Federal infrastructure projects. 
the aisle to join me in support of this commonsense amendment, which strengthens the underlying bill and ensures fairness to our veterans. 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I congratulate the author, Mr. FITZPATRICK . 
It is a great amendment. I wish I had thought of it, to be perfectly honest. I look forward to supporting it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman 
veteranowned small businesses be considered when they are looking who has historically participated in Federal funds in all projects, so I strongly support the hiring of veterans. 
I appreciate Mr. FITZPATRICK for offering this bill, and, once again, it will strengthen the bill, so I support it. 
thank Mr. CAPUANO and Chairman S HUSTER for their support of this amendment. 
is no cost to including veteranowned small businesses in the participation study, no cost to the Federal taxpayer, good for our Nation’s veterans and their own businesses. I encourage my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–36. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Northeast Corridor Infrastructure and Operations Advisory Committee, in consultation with Amtrak, shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that analyzes the implementation of nonstop, highspeed express passenger rail service between Washington, District of Columbia, and New York, New York, and between New York, New York, and Boston, Massachusetts. The report shall consider— 
total cost, capacity, and other metrics for each service; 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA) and a Member 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 4 minutes. 
first of all, I want to thank both sides of the aisle, particularly the leadership of Chairman SHUSTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D ENHAM and others 
with Mr. Oberstar was the first one we had done in about 10 years. That was the precedent to this bill, and we need to do that. We need to act responsibly. 
service in the United States. We need to take Amtrak and this country from a Third World passenger rail service with a Sovietstyle operation into the 21st century. I think we can begin to do that with the amendment that I have offered here today and that we have a bipartisan agreement on. 
am going to try to strengthen it as it moves through the process. This amendment would potentially open the Northeast corridor to express service from Washington, D.C., to New York City and to Boston, and it is great to have Mr. CAPUANO here. Right now, the 
service from Boston to New York City runs 68 miles an hour on average. That is Third World kind of operations. 
corridor, closer to 2 hours with this amendment. Right now, it goes 83 
Now, we are about to put a significant amount of money into the Northeast corridor, and I have no problem with that. This bill authorizes that money, some with direct appropriations, about a half billion dollars a year for each of the next 4 years. Then it also allows the revenue coming into the Northeast corridor to stay in the Northeast corridor. I have no problem with that. 
Again, what do the rest of us get in 
the country by putting this money in? I think we have subsidized Amtrak fairly well. Right now, every ticket is underwritten—last year, $44.98. This will also provide a subsidy. I have no problem. 
percent of all the air traffic delays in the country are out of the Northeast corridor, the chronically delayed flights. We will see that, too, today and tomorrow. 
We can do a much better job improving service. Imagine getting from here to Penn Station in less than 2 hours and from Boston down to Penn Station in record time. 
Trains in England, one of the leaders in innovation, has increased traffic from 14 million in the corridor from London up to the north of England, from 14 million to 28 million passengers in less than half a dozen years, an incredible record that we could replicate here. 
all of Amtrak last year, a little less than that; and we could double the number of people employed, the number of people working. 
We are not trying to do this at any substandard wages. We want to make certain that all of those commitments to our brothers and sisters in labor are honored. 
open this up, the Northeast corridor, and the commission actually will report back to Congress with those proposals. It won’t be buried. It is going to come back to us, and then we can move it forward. 
It is time to take us into the next era 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
idea of passenger rail. We totally agree on that concept. We totally agree on trying to make—especially the Northeast corridor—a more efficient rail. 
might help us. I hope it does. I am pleased to stand up today and support 
this amendment and congratulate the gentleman for offering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
support of this amendment. I believe, once again, this study can have positive impact on us. 
former chairman of the committee, for his passion. He is absolutely right as far as getting these trains to run faster, to have less stops. We can create, I believe, in the long term, this express corridor. 
are moving at speeds twice that rate, we can do better in the United States, and I believe this study will help us move in that direction in the future. 
in 2010, when we were in the minority, we had a little more time on our hands. I published this report in the Transportation Committee, ‘‘The Federal Government Must Stop Sitting on its Assets,’’ and listed in here is the Northeast corridor. It is one of the greatest assets we have, from here to Boston, and we need to utilize that asset. 
think we can do this through this particular amendment. We have got to stop sitting on a valuable asset. It is the only corridor that we own. The other 22,000 miles of rail service is all on freight private rail. 
amendment to get us on our way. Thank you, and I hope everybody is on board. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–36. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
identified pursuant to section 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to develop and implement, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, a State grade crossing action plan; and 
to section 202 of such Act to update its plan and submit to the Secretary, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, a report describing what the State did 
safety at crossings, including highwayrail grade crossing closures or grade separations; and 
shall make each plan and report publicly available on an official Internet Web site. 
House Resolution 134, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) and a 
Chairman, I rise today to offer a simple, commonsense amendment to the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015. 
State to develop a grade crossing action plan, identifying specific solutions for improving safety at railhighway crossings; furthermore, my amendment would direct States to focus resources on crossings that have experienced recent grade crossing accidents, multiple accidents, or crossings that are at high risk for accidents. 
our Nation witnessed yet another tragic rail accident in my district when Metrolink Ventura County line 102 crashed into a truck along the train tracks in Oxnard. 
questions about this accident, one issue is abundantly clear. As a nation, we must do more to address railhighway crossing safety and address the increasing backlog of safety projects nationwide. Currently, California ranks second in the Nation in the number of crossing accidents. 
Nationally, the Federal Railroad Administration estimates that there were over 2,000 accidents at railroad crossings in 2013, with 251 fatalities and 929 injuries. 
know, this is not the first time an accident has occurred at the Rice Avenue intersection. This is a heavilyused corridor for both rail goods movement, passenger rail—both Amtrak and Metrolink—as well as automobiles and truck traffic. 
Unfortunately, like many local communities across the Nation, Ventura County cannot, on its own, fund rail highway crossing safety improvements. 
strongly support the provision that permits funds to be used for crossing safety improvements because we all know these investments benefit not only safety, but also our regional and national economies. 
the RailwayHighway Crossings Program at the Federal level; yet, under title 49, only 10 States are required by Federal law to have action plans prioritizing railhighway safety improvements. 
It is critically important for Congress to ensure that Federal dollars for passenger rail infrastructure improvements are used wisely. We must also ensure that Federal funds are prioritized to address safety improvements at the most dangerous crossings first. 
heart of this issue by requiring every State to have a specific plan in place that will ensure both the wise use of tax dollars and address railhighway grade crossing safety in a systematic way. 
claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman from California for offering this amendment. 
dropped 40 percent since 2000, the tragic events in Ms. BROWNLEY ’s district 
last week remind us how important it is to be aware of grade crossings. 
develop and implement plans to improve safety at grade crossings within their borders, I think, adds strength to the bill. I would also note there are similar grade crossing reporting requirements in the Federal highway program, and we should work with the Senate during conference to reauthorize the surface transportation programs, ensuring that there is consistency among the requirements at those grade crossings. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the chairman for your extraordinary work on this bill—and a bipartisan bill as well—and I thank you for accepting the amendment. 
Railhighway crossing safety problems are not unique to my district. Sadly, my colleagues have also experienced recent tragedies. On Monday, a Long Island Rail Road train struck a car stopped on the tracks in East Rockaway. In February, a MetroNorth train struck a sport utility vehicle, tragically killing the driver and five train passengers in Valhalla. I strongly believe that Congress, 
along with State and local governments, must address this safety issue as a matter of urgency, and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
for yielding. I would like to speak in support of her amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentlewoman ask unanimous consent to reclaim her time? 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman is recognized. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentlewoman yield? 
I would like to support this amendment and urge my colleagues to do so. 
in my State now, running over 100 miles through my district, something that will go 120plus miles an hour through the middle of small towns and communities which are illprepared and illequipped to safely facilitate that high rate of traffic. 
some illustrations, photographs, or diagrams of some of the intersections that this train will go blazing through without much thought to the pedestrians, the vehicles, the men, women, and children in the community that will be put in danger by it. 
you are going to use Federal money—I see that the gentlelady said it is for projects that use Federal money, not an unfunded mandate—but if you are going to use the Federal money, you are going to use these RIF loans, some of which appear to be in the process of being granted in direct conflict of the requirements of granting the RIF loans, the very least we could do is insist that the money is used safely in our districts. 
that the money is used safely in our districts. 
So I thank the gentlelady for yielding, and I urge my colleagues to support this great amendment. 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a joint resolution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures. 
It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–36. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to Congress a report evaluating the rule issued by the Federal Railroad Administration on the use of locomotive horn at rail crossings. Such report shall— 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) and a 
my amendment to H.R. 749 requires the Government Accountability Office, the GAO, to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Administration’s 2005 rule on the use of locomotive horns at rail crossings. We were just talking about rail crossings. 
After 10 years of being in effect, I believe it is fair we ask the FRA to update and modernize the train horn regulation, allowing flexibility for new technologies and innovations that may become available. 
not changed: to promote public safety by requiring train operators to sound horns at certain decibel levels while passing through railway crossings to alert motorists and pedestrians. 
While the rule currently allows municipalities to apply for ‘‘quiet zone’’ status, I am concerned the current requirements for obtaining a quiet zone 
waiver are far too rigid, cost prohibitive, and time consuming. Achieving quiet zone status can take years of work and cost millions of dollars. 
train horn rule, I am confident the FRA can craft an updated rule striking a balance between public safety and providing communities flexibility to establish quiet zones. 
I hope the GAO study will provide insight on how the FRA can update train horn requirements when communities invest in certain safety enhancements and measures installed at crossings, including barriers, warning signals, and other features to keep the public safe. 
unveiling of a new quiet zone in one of the cities in my district, Commerce City, Colorado, which was established after significant investment from the city. I want to thank the FRA and State officials for working with Commerce City. But we need to review how long and how costly these quiet zone applications can be. 
district, Arvada, announced four planned railway crossing improvements to establish crossing zones. According to a story published in The Denver Post last week, the city has been in discussions with the FRA for more than 5 years on getting the quiet zones approved. I include the text of The Denver Post article for the RECORD . 
Pacific Railroad tracks could sleep a little easier next year with the establishment of ‘‘quiet zones’’ at four crossings. 
City Council recently approved a $1.8 million agreement with Union Pacific that will see barriers and gates added where the tracks intersect at Lamar and Carr Streets, Olde Wadsworth Boulevard and West 66th Avenue. 
Vanderkolk said the city has been in discussions for more than five years with the Federal Railroad Administration, the Public Utilities Commission and Union Pacific on getting the quiet zones approved. 
elsewhere about 10 years ago, then we had issues with these four and they’re right in the heart of the city,’’ Vanderkolk said. ‘‘We told the neighborhood this would be done last year. . . various and sundry delays means this has literally taken years to get approved.’’ 
with federal rules and regulations, which require a train to blast its horn for 15 to 20 seconds at any public crossing. Under terms of the agreement, the city will install four quadrant gate systems—or gates with four arms, in addition to flashing lights and ringing bells, at the four crossings. These type of gates make it difficult for motorists to drive around. 
longer have to blast their horns and the Union Pacific train will run quietly through the entire length of Arvada. 
coming and think they may be able to beat it and skirt around the gate,’’ Vanderkolk said. ’With a quiet zone, you construct a barrier so the car physically can’t get around 
railroad tracks in his home near 64th Avenue and Field Street for almost 35 years. He said over the years, the trains have become more frequent and the horns so prevalent that at times they have kept him and family members from getting a good night’s sleep. 
but decided to stay once it became clear the city was working to address the problem. 
has done on getting this completed,’’ Smith said. ‘‘It’s a lot of money, but it will be great for the community.’’ 
on getting the crossings built by the end of 2015, said Chris Sveum, a city civil engineer. 
trains still won’t have to sound their horns from time to time, but this should cut down the rate by 95 percent.’’ 
is time for Congress to analyze the effectiveness of the train horn rule and work with FRA to improve the ability of our communities all across the country to continue investing in railway crossing safety. 
these communities to craft solutions reducing noise, promoting longterm economic growth, and, at the same time, ensuring the safety of residents. 
‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim time in opposition, although I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the 
past couple of weeks have seen some startling accidents at grade crossings. Having an independent entity review the train horn rule would be a good start to helping ensure such accidents don’t occur in the future. 
was one that took the Federal Railroad Administration almost 10 years to complete. It was finalized 10 years ago in 2005. So this would be a good time to revisit the effectiveness. 
traffic on previously lower capacity routes, some communities are seeing more trains travel through their towns, which are used to lower traffic. 
quiet zones, and their costs will be a helpful tool for small communities across the country. I recommend support for the gentleman from Colorado’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman of the Transportation Committee and all of the Members for working with me on this amendment. I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–36. 
Page 2, line 3, through page 3, line 10, 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and 
this amendment removes the taxpayer subsidies and requires Amtrak to operate as a business, as we were promised it would when it was established back in 1971. 
losses have mounted, Congress has dutifully shoveled more money at it to keep it afloat. Every year, its congressional supporters have promised reforms to bring these losses under control. And every year, these promises have fallen flat. 
all the new reforms that we are building into this. In 5 years, they will have their act together. Well, how many times have we heard this promise? Let me cite just a few. 
Back in 1997, facing mounting criticism, the Amtrak Reform and Accountability Act required Amtrak to operate without any Federal operating assistance after 2002. 
attempted to eliminate only its most expensive route from reauthorization. That year, the gentleman from Minnesota, Jim Oberstar, called any reduction in subsidies a ‘‘preemptive strike’’ and promised that the bill was chock full of reforms that would soon solve Amtrak’s problems. 
2014, the gentleman from Georgia, Paul Broun, proposed eliminating subsidies, just as my amendment does. At the time, the gentleman from Iowa, Tom Latham, said: ‘‘I concede that Amtrak could be more efficient. However, it has made significant improvements in this area recently and is moving in the right direction.’’ 
‘‘Moving in the right direction.’’ This year, taxpayers will subsidize 
Amtrak in the amount of about $1.4 billion. The bill before us authorizes $1.4 billion for next year. Put another way, we will shell out $45 every time a passenger steps aboard an Amtrak train. That is $45 per passenger, per trip, and direct losses billed to taxpayers. That is up from $32 of loss per passenger 6 years ago. 
authorized funding. In fact, Amtrak received $1.4 billion in 2015, the same as this bill authorizes in 2016. 
over the next 10 years, subsidizing Amtrak will cost taxpayers $49 billion. Let me put that in familysized numbers. The average American family will have to cough up $392 from its taxes over the next 10 years just to cover Amtrak’s losses. 
taxes pay for? Well, among other things, Amtrak’s food and beverage employees, who are paid an average of $106,000 a year to provide a service that lost over $800 million over the past decade just selling snacks on Amtrak trains. 
Are we at least seeing any improvements in service? Not hardly. Amtrak’s monthly ontime performance has significantly declined. 
is not moving in the right direction. That was a false promise then, just like all of the other false promises we have heard since 1971. 
Amtrak apologists warned that cutting off the subsidies would ‘‘eliminate an entire transportation option.’’ It does no such thing. 
profit on a heavily traveled Northeast corridor. Nothing in my amendment would change this. Anything Amtrak makes on these profitable routes, Amtrak keeps. 
be perfectly free to continue to operate and expand its Northeast corridor from its own profits and to subsidize its other moneylosing operations to the extent that its profits would cover them. 
the practice of forcing American taxpayers to underwrite another 5 years of broken promises. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, as I stand up here today, I know that if the gentleman from Minnesota, Jim Oberstar, was here, the transportation guru, he would be standing up for Amtrak. So I am going to stand up in place of Mr. Oberstar. 
And let’s start out with, this amendment would kill Amtrak. It would shut it down. It would strand millions of passengers, disrupt commuter operations, add to our already congested roads and airports, eliminate over 20,000 jobs nationwide, and jeopardize local economies and business that depend on Amtrak’s service. 
intercity passenger rail service in the United States, with more States and localities across America turning to passenger rail to meet the transportation needs of our citizens. 
Amtrak reduces congestion and improves our energy independence. One full passenger train can take up to 250 to 350 cars off the road. Passenger rail also consumes less energy than both automobiles and commercial airlines. 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s concern. He has been a true deficit hawk. One of the great challenges we face in America is reducing the deficit. 
in this Congress about passenger rail in this country. I, for one, believe it is necessary. I think that what we have in this bill—and I have watched for the past 40 years also some of these broken promises. 
committed in this bill to putting forth reforms, streamlining, empowering the States, which I think is a huge step in the right direction, giving States the ability to be at the table, to invest their dollars to force Amtrak to do things differently. 
are these reforms. I feel confident that, in the way the country is going, with population growth and with these corridors expanding, we have to have passenger rail to move people around some of the most densely populated corridors. 
would simply respond to the ridership claims that it has no impact on congestion because the ridership is infinitesimal. You have to compare Amtrak’s 31 million trips to the 650 million airline trips per year. According to Cato, the average American logs about 15,000 miles per year by car, 1,800 miles by plane, and just 20 miles on Amtrak. 
use those profits any way it wants—to continue its operations, to subsidize its losing routes. But it should not be tapping further into taxpayers’ pockets. 
Voters have elected the biggest Republican majority in the House since 1928, with a resounding mandate to stop wasting money. Today this government is spending and taxing record amounts of families’ earnings, and well above the 40year average as a percentage of our economy. If we can’t bring ourselves to cut this, one of the most outrageous subsidies in the entire budget, voters will have every right to ask what good are we? 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) to close. 
just back up for a minute. What the gentleman would do, he says, well, they could keep operating the Northeast corridor. Well, that is good, because threequarters of the people going from Washington, D.C., to New York are choosing rail over air, and I don’t know where we would fit that many more airplanes in the already congested skies. But that is actually, unfortunately, not true because of the other routes, particularly acrosscountry and Western routes, the obligations under their contracts to their existing employees who would lose their jobs, other obligations they would have for abandoned lines and stations, and all that would total billions of dollars. 
you would have to do further changes in the law rather than just taking away the money—could operate the Northeast corridor, they couldn’t because of these other obligations. Any money would have to go there, and they would be immediately bankrupt because it would exceed their revenues. 
effect of the gentleman’s amendment, because he does seem very sympathetic to the fact that threequarters of the people going between Washington, D.C., and New York are choosing rail over air, and it is a growing percentage. He doesn’t seem to be cognizant of the fact that ridership is up 14 percent—that is actually 4 million people in 1 year—that revenue is up, and the operating losses have been cut in half. They are down 48 percent. 
rail system that operates like Amtrak across a continent as large as ours without assistance from the government. Now, if you want to disconnect the country—as I recounted earlier, on 9/11, I had a Federal official who had to get back for meetings in the Northwest. He took the train. We have an aging society. I tell you, when I don’t have to get on an airplane every week and I can take a little more time to get somewhere—and I think a lot of other people, as they are aging, would like to avoid the hassles of air travel. I believe ridership will continue to grow. 
In the Northwest we are in a cooperative arrangement—and I pointed that out earlier—with Amtrak, where they operate our train, an Acela train which was purchased, and the ridership is up to about 1 million people a year. And it is growing quickly to avoid the already overly congested I–5 between Eugene and Seattle and avoid the hour and a half you are going to spend somewhere 60, 70 miles south of Seattle sitting in your car. So he would deprive Americans of all this for ideology—not for good reasons, but for ideology. 
We should be investing more and building out a robust, 21st century rail system like every other industrial country in the world. Why do we have to be Third World? 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–36. 
‘‘for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation such as wheelchairs and bicycles’’. 
House Resolution 134, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I discuss my amendment, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman 
Subcommittee Ranking Member BROWN for all their hard work and for 
bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor so early this year. 
what Congress can do when we work together to build consensus, and yes, compromise—compromise—to get things done to improve our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. 
to Amtrak’s business model and the RRIF loan program, which I hope will unlock a potential financing source for the CREATE rail modernization program in northeastern Illinois and help commuter rail agencies make important improvements, such as installing positive train control. 
I am pleased the bill contains provisions extending Buy America requirements to RRIF projects. I have been mentioning this need since 2009, and I am glad to see that we are codifying these requirements to ensure that this $35 billion loan program is investing our dollars in American materials and American jobs. My amendment today is a small but 
important addition to this bill. It sharpens the directive in section 211 that requires Amtrak’s inspector general to conduct a review of Amtrak’s boarding procedures. Section 211 is a good step towards improving the experience of Amtrak riders and the efficiency of Amtrak’s operations. 
This amendment builds on this provision by clarifying that the Amtrak IG should consider the boarding needs of passengers that use mobility devices, including all forms of wheelchairs, as well as passengers with items such as bicycles. This will make sure that the IG’s report considers the needs of all its riders, guarantees that Amtrak will focus on complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and harnesses a potential revenue stream from bicyclists and other users of nonmotorized transport. 
procedures that can make it difficult for an individual using a wheelchair or traveling with a bike to get on and off a train. The Amtrak inspector general issued a report in August of last year that found that only 10 percent of Amtrak stations are fully ADA compliant, which demonstrates the need to not only look at each station’s infrastructure, but how each station gets passengers from station to platform to train. We need to make sure that Amtrak is serving all of its customers to the best of its abilities and in accordance with the law. 
exist for other forms of transportation, such as bicycles. Only 38 percent of Amtrak lines provide baggage service for bicycles, while only 18 percent of lines even allow for rollon bicycle service that are complemented by ad hoc policies at many of the stations on these lines. Mobility is important to reducing congestion, and if we improve the boarding process, we improve quality of service and help encourage ridership. 
Easter Seals, People for Bikes, the United Spinal Association, the League of American Bicyclists, AARP, the Rails to Trails Conservancy, the National Disabilities Rights Network, Transportation for America, and the Adventure Cycling Association. 
to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim time in opposition to the amendment even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. This amendment simply clarifies that when the Amtrak inspector general looks at ways to improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures at major stations that it consider passengers using wheelchairs and other nonmotorized transportation. I know this is near and dear to the hearts of 
take the opportunity, which I neglected to do, to thank the staff for their work over the past year. We rely on them to make a lot of this come together. Their hard work and dedication deserves recognition and appreciation. 
the rail subcommittee Mike Friedberg, Fred Miller, David Connolly, and Kristin Alcalde; on the Democratic side, Jennifer Homendy and Rachel Carr for their hard work; our communications team Jim Billimoria, Justin Harclerode, Michael Marinaccio—I think I finally got it right, and he has left the committee—Keith Hall; from our front office Jennifer Hall, Beth Spivey, Collin McCune, Clare Doherty, Isabelle BeegleLevin, Denny Wirtz, and Mary Mitchell Todd. To all of them, I thank them for their very, very hard work on helping to put this bill together. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I would like to express my appreciation to the chair, ranking member, ranking members of the subcommittee and chair. This is, I think, an example of Congress doing what it should do. I appreciate it. As an alumni member of the T and I Committee, I am proud to see this move forward. 
in terms of being able to promote mobility. As the chair of the Bike Caucus, I am particularly interested in this amendment. 
on a high note with WRRDA, and being able to start this Congress on a high note with a really thoughtful approach to Amtrak, moving this forward, I think, is a signal that there is no other committee that has more potential to do more this Congress to help rebuild and renew the economy and get America moving. This is a tremendous signal about what is possible. 
committee, Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, Ranking Member 
with you on more excitement as we move forward. 
to be doing is coming together and working these things out. There is so much that America needs done, especially when it comes to transportation infrastructure. 
great work in leading this committee. We have a lot of other issues to work on, other forms of transportation, but this is a good example of what we can do by working together. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on the amendment printed in House Report 114–36 on which further proceedings were postponed: 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 147, noes 272, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan King (IA) 
Knight Labrador Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Valadao Walker Walorski 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen 
Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
WITTMAN, TAKANO, GALLEGO, ZELDIN, FORTENBERRY, RICHMOND, and LYNCH changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
of South Carolina, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. JOLLY, YOUNG of Indiana, MESSER, and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. STEWART ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. B YRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 134, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
New York. Yes, I am in its current form. 
moves to recommit the bill H.R. 749 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of the Amtrak Police Department $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019 for acquisition of canines, explosive detection, surveillance and communication equipment, baggage screening, counterterrorism and critical infrastructure protection, and other security needs determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall implement a veterans hiring initiative in the Amtrak Police Department, which shall include veterans with experience working with military working dogs. 
New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion in the interest of time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I offer this amendment today as the final amendment to the bill. 
that the committee has done, and I want to commend the chairman, Mr. SHUSTER , also Messrs. D EFAZIO, 
DENHAM , and C APUANO , and all the staff 
for the work that went into this legislation. This is a good bill, and it makes key investments in our rail infrastructure and in rail safety. I want to personally thank the chairman for all of his hard work on this bill and for, in particular, including the provisions that I authored on positive train control and grade crossings, the need for which has been so dramatically demonstrated by the terrible accidents in places like Valhalla and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, and recently in Oxnard, California. 
However, we can make this bill better. My amendment will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, it would proceed immediately to final passage. 
million annually to Amtrak’s police department to address critical security needs. Amtrak’s security force is not large, but its task is monumental, protecting nearly 32 million passengers who use Amtrak every year. My amendment gives those security officials the resources they need to prevent and defend against terrorist attacks. From additional canine units to explosive detection equipment, we need to make sure that Amtrak’s police officers, nationwide, have the capability to protect passengers. 
The amendment also requires Amtrak to implement a veterans hiring initiative specifically designed to hire 
veterans with experience working with military dogs, canine units. Amtrak has a long history of providing career opportunities to veterans, as well as Active Duty military members, but under current law is not required to do so. It is not required to seek out veterans for open positions. With more than 200,000 Active Duty servicemembers transitioning to civilian life, we can, today, guarantee that Amtrak will seek out veterans for new hires. 
In the last 10 years, more than 800 attacks have occurred worldwide against passenger and commuter rail systems, killing thousands. Many of us remember the terrifying images of the terrorist attacks in Madrid and London. In Mumbai, three separate attacks in the last 15 years have killed hundreds of people. 
All of us here in both parties understand the real dangers our country is facing. I have no doubt that one of the greatest threats we face is to our U.S. rail system. Subways and commuter systems, in particular, remain a top threat. Information taken from Osama bin Laden’s very compound in Pakistan indicated that al Qaeda was considering attacks on a number of U.S. rail systems. 
officials have foiled several threats in just recent years. In 2009, an Afghan born jihadist plotted to bomb New York subways with devices very similar to those used in the 2005 London attacks. And in 2011, two al Qaedasupported terrorists were arrested after plotting to bomb and derail a train between Toronto and New York’s Penn Station. 
and growing threats like ISIL, we are asking Amtrak’s police force to do more with less. Amtrak reports that security funding overall has decreased by more than 50 percent since 2011. We need to reverse this trend to protect the security of our national passenger rail system. 
supporting this commonsense amendment to provide the necessary funding to ensure the safety and security of Amtrak passengers and rail commuters. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
amendment will do nothing more than kill the bill. H.R. 749 is a bipartisan bill with heavy, heavy reforms that will improve and advance passenger rail in this country, including security. We have taken that into consideration. I agree that security is important, but we cover the cost of security activities in this bill. 
very hard over the past 2 years to craft a bill that I believe is exactly the kind of legislation that the American people 
want. It is a reform bill. It is commonsense reforms. There has never been an Amtrak bill with these kinds of reforms in it empowering the States. 
19 States that have 21 supported Amtrak lines. They will have a seat at the table to make investments to improve passenger rail in those 19 States. It is going to give the commission on the Northeast corridor more say, more teeth to be able to force Amtrak to do things. It is going to keep the profits of the Northeast corridor in the Northeast corridor for that heavily congested area of the country that needs to have passenger rail and, along the way, learn the lessons of when we make those investments, how we can go out to the other corridors around this country that are going to need passenger rail. 
not perfect. But I truly believe this bill sets Amtrak on the course to reform itself and to improve itself so in the future they can move towards going away from the subsidy by the Federal Government. That is my goal: to get an Amtrak that doesn’t have any Federal subsidies. 
They are strong reforms. As I said, we have never had an Amtrak bill like this before, and it was done on a bipartisan basis. I think we can be proud of it. The Congress can be proud of this bill, and the American people can be proud that we are doing something. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This will be a 5 minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 232, not voting 16, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker, on rollcall No. 111, meeting with constituents in office on matters involving Ukraine. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 316, nays 101, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Babin Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Allen Amash Barr Benishek Bilirakis Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador Latta Loudermilk Love 
Marchant Massie McCaul McHenry McSally Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Yoder Young (IA) 
Messrs. STEWART, SMITH of Nebraska, and RICE of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
110 for passage of McClintock Amendment No. 6, rollcall No. 111 for passage of the Democrat Motion to Recommit, and rollcall No. 112 for final passage of H.R. 749, which took place Wednesday, March 4, 2015, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 110, the McClintock Amendment No. 6, and voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall Nos. 111 and 112, against the Motion to Recommit and final passage of H.R. 749. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE ADMINISTRATIVE AND TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1213) to make administrative and technical corrections to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Office of 
FROM MASTER LIST.—Section 403 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1403) is amended— 
develop and maintain a master list of individuals who are experienced in adjudicating, arbitrating, or mediating the kinds of personnel and other matters for which mediation may be held under this section. Such list may include, but not be limited to, members of the bar of a State or the District of Columbia and retired judges of the United States courts. 
PROCEEDINGS AFTER END OF PERIOD OF MEDIATION .—Section 404 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1404) 
is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after a covered employee receives notice of the end of the period of mediation, but no sooner than 30 days after receipt of such notification, such covered employee’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 90 days, but not sooner than 30 days, after the end of the period of mediation, a covered employee’’. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to mediations and other proceedings which are first initiated after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY, 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, March 6, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
as my official resignation from the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. It has been my pleasure serving on this Committee since being elected to Congress. 
Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, Border Patrol unveiled a new statue honoring slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry at the Naco, Arizona, border station in my district named in Agent Terry’s honor. 
Agent Terry carrying a member of his Border Patrol tactical unit on his shoulders and is a fitting tribute to a man who loved his job and his fellow agents. 
the Border Patrol on July 23, 2007. Before that, he served in the U.S. Marine Corps and as a police officer in Michigan. 
was on patrol with three of his fellow agents in Peck Canyon near Nogales, Arizona, when they came across five 
and were fired upon, prompting them to return fire. In the gunfight that ensued, two agents were wounded, including Agent Terry. He died from his wounds in the desert later that morning while waiting for medical assistance. 
reminder of the dangers those who defend our homeland face every time they put on their uniform. Their job is to protect our communities, and often, they are the last line of defense against terrorist attacks on our country. 
sacrifice to carry out his duties. Every day, agents like him put everything they have on the line to keep us safe. They deserve everything we have to support them. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the assassination of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov last Friday in front of the Kremlin was a reprehensible act that demands a thorough and independent investigation. 
who had fought for democracy inside the system. His murder took place against the backdrop of Putin’s continued suppression of the rule of law, political debate, and human rights in Russia. His murder follows the murder of other critics of Putin’s tyranny, Anna Politkovskaya and Sergei Magnitsky. 
the barriers to individual freedom, democracy, and selfdetermination that were thought relegated to what President Reagan called the ash heap of history. 
Commission in the final years of the cold war, I witnessed the yearnings of the Russian people not to be bullied through fear and control by their leaders. Vladimir Putin and his henchmen have created a culture of terror for those who oppose his rule and have increasingly isolated Russia from the world. 
must keep speaking out against the erosion of the basic freedoms the Russian people achieved in the 1990s. 
and prayers of the American people are with the family of Mr. Nemtsov and millions whose hopes and dreams he fought for throughout his life. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate having proceeded to reconsider the bill (S. 1) ‘‘An Act to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline’’, returned by the President of the United States with his objections, to the Senate, in which it originated, it was resolved that the said bill do not pass, twothirds of the Senators present not having voted in the affirmative. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Theodore Hesburgh. As the president and public face of the University of Notre Dame for so long, his passing isn’t just deeply felt in South Bend, Indiana, but all across our great State. 
spent the vast majority of his 97 years giving lessons that everyone—regardless of age, profession, or station in life—can learn from. A few of those lessons, I think, are especially apt for those of us in this body, chief among them: ‘‘The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can’t blow an uncertain trumpet.’’ 
Too often, those of us in elective office find it easier to blow the horn of opposition rather than committing ourselves to the hard work of developing constructive policies. 
time, my hope is that we will all follow the advice that Father Hesburgh exemplified so well throughout the course of his distinguished career and rededicate ourselves to laying out a positive vision and concrete solutions that will move our great Nation forward. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order today. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
Speaker, we have spent the last week and a half debating funding for the Department of Homeland Security, a debate that started because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle didn’t like the President’s executive actions on immigration. 
what they ought to have done all along: joining with Democrats to pass the bipartisan funds for DHS through Fiscal Year 2015. That legislation has restored certainty for thousands of employees at the Department of Homeland Security; and, even more importantly, it ensures the safety and security of our entire Nation. 
funding for DHS, we haven’t addressed the issues that led us to the impasse in the first place. 
the Senate wanted to hinder the President’s legal authority to better manage our broken immigration system. They have called it illegal amnesty, and many of their conservative counterparts have gone as far as calling the President a tyrant, but they have not offered any plan of their own. 
hour, I would like to take the opportunity, on behalf of our Progressive Caucus, to join with my colleague, the Congressman from Arizona, to express our concerns from the Progressive Caucus’ perspective on our plans for the future as it relates to immigration. 
the gentlewoman from New Jersey for having this opportunity for us to come and talk about the root issue, as she explained, the root issue that caused almost the potential of DHS and that Department having to be shut down because of the amendments added by this House of Representatives to an appropriations bill, a bill that should have been clean. 
It was a bipartisan piece of legislation, but amendments were added to it, amendments that were against the President’s executive order, amendments that were aimed at undoing any 
progress that had been made with DREAMers, the DACA, the amendments that were punitive in its entirety, and did not seek any solution to deal with our broken immigration system. 
took control. A clean bill was passed with overwhelming and unanimous support from Democrats and with significant support from our Republican colleagues. 
be a harbinger that on ‘‘mustpass’’ legislation critical to the future of this Nation, critical to its tranquility, that we stop playing games with that legislation, and that the track to deal with immigration reform should be a track that we all pursue. 
‘‘got you,’’ grandstanding amendments on a piece of ‘‘mustpass’’ legislation, whether it is Homeland Security the other day, Transportation in the future, that is not governing; that is merely pandering to a political ideology that has nothing to do with the underlying bill, as it did with national security. 
Let me talk a little bit about how we 
got to that situation, as the gentlelady said. In the time that I have been here, immigration reform and the broken system has been an acknowledged fact by all sides. 
There was an attempt that the Senate, a year ago, passed, a bipartisan bill, overwhelming support, that took us in a direction, a very critical first step to reforming this broken immigration system. For a year, we waited for the leadership of this House, the Republican leadership, to bring that bill up and let the people’s House work its will. That never happened. 
the leadership in saying: If nothing is done by this House to allow an upor down vote on that piece of legislation that the Senate passed, the President will have no option but to relieve the anxiety, to relieve the painful family divisions that were going on in this country and to prevent additional community trauma that many of our communities were facing with the high level of detentions and deportations, the splitting of families, even when there was U.S. citizen children or a spouse involved. 
considerable amount of time. I was one of those that criticized that waiting period, that should be done immediately. At the end, the President put the executive orders together, the expansion and enhancement of DACA for DREAMers, for young people, and DAPA, for those parents who have citizen children, that they, too, would get the 2year umbrella of protection, could work and could come out of the shadows. 
been exaggerated by the opponents of his actions. This was a process that requires documentation and that requires qualifications in order to be eligible for the programs. 
Homeland Security, ICE, and Border Patrol can now concentrate on the smuggling and organized crime that occurs along our border that is the root cause of much of the violence and heartache that we see on our border. 
to 5,000 individuals that have lost their lives in the desert trying to cross to the United States, countless acts of violence—all generated by human traffickers, drug smugglers, and organized crime on both sides of the border. 
obvious threat to American security. The other is to go after the people that we don’t want here. It is another exaggeration to say that this is blanket 
amnesty. It is not blanket amnesty, far from it. 
that don’t belong here because of felonious behavior, violence, drug smuggling, and breaking the laws of this Nation, those are the people that ICE should put its emphasis on and get rid of felons, as the President said, and not families. 
to the outcry of some colleagues of mine on the other side of the aisle—not all. I would never paint the whole Republican Conference with one brush, but there is a significant number that see the issue of immigration in a very different and clouded way. 
with ideology. It has more to do with the sense that it is us versus them and an insecurity about the changing demography of this country and what it means to the Nation. That insecurity is just sad, an insecurity not founded in fact and not founded on the immigrant history of this Nation. 
tell you the pride and the values that I have were grown in this country, were nurtured in this country, and serving in this body could be the highest honor I could ever have. That story is repeated, day in and day out, for the history of this Nation, that the immigrant community has come to give and to contribute, not to take. 
President, with executive orders. The court case, an injunction to hold the implementation of his executive orders in Texas, where a selection process chose this judge for his previous legal opinions and his previous public comments regarding the issue of immigration, that sided very much with the opponents. 
I am totally confident—totally confident—that as we move up the chain of the Federal court system, that the constitutional authority that the President has for these executive orders, as previous Presidents had for executive orders, will be redeemed; and that lower injunction will be overturned. 
people in the undocumented community, immigrant community: Come forward, bring your documentation, begin to prepare yourself for an opportunity to be one of the people and families that qualify for this program. 
executive orders is significant in many ways. Those executive orders began mending the social fabric of this Nation. One of the most divisive issues has been immigration, and maybe it is a good election ploy to continue to beat that horse dead in order to get elected. 
term of this Nation, it does nothing but divide us along very superficial issues. It divides us along the issue of race and divides us along the issue of language and country of origin. Those are not divisions for the social well 
domestic tranquility of this Nation and to heal that social fabric that has been ripped. 
I also want to say that the Progressive Caucus, from the onset, has been a tireless advocate for comprehensive immigration reform, humane policies, familycentered reforms, and reforms that deal with the reality of what is around us and doesn’t ignore it. 
I am proud to be a member of that 
caucus and for its steadfast and unwavering support not only of comprehensive immigration reform, but of the President and his executive orders. 
part of the DHS bill, which were at the center of the controversy, and the ones that were eliminated so we could finally vote on a key piece of legislation. 
amendment, this amendment prohibits any funds or fees to be used to carry out the majority of the President’s executive order, including DAPA and DACA. 
Reality, fact, the prohibition is irrelevant and moot. All the cost of this program comes from the individual making an application. It is a feedriven process. There is no specific allocation that this body has made to it or that the Department is making to it. 
thought was of particular anguish to everyone, this amendment would end the DACA program, the DREAMer program for DREAMer children susceptible to deportation. 
more, young people that are qualified under DACA, suddenly, with that amendment, would have that protection taken away and their status would now be back in the deportable status. 
does nothing for national security, does nothing to address the issue of a broken immigration system; but, indeed, adds a level of cruelty to the whole process of trying to solve this problem. 
able to have new enforcement priorities, going after criminals and felons, as opposed to trying to break up families and deport families, one of the amendments was meant to stop that. 
no sense. Undocumented people are not able and cannot receive and participate in the Affordable Care Act. Employers cannot register and have them employed, period, by Federal law. It was just to state the obvious and try to create an issue in which there wasn’t one. 
people under this executive order will be ahead of other people. There are two different processes: one is for a legal reprieve of protection that lasts up to the tenure of this President, and the 
legal permanent status, continues to be a process. One process doesn’t get in front of the line of the other. 
I want to go back to one point. At 
some point, we are going to have to deal with the issue of immigration reform in a constructive, proactive way. And it is going to have to be dealt with because I think the economic security of this country is at stake; the domestic wellbeing and quality of life for this country is at stake; the economy is at stake; and the security is at stake; and if for no other reason, to look at the benefits of those areas in the discussion of comprehensive immigration reform. 
making immigration reform and immigrants the cannon fodder in the 2016 election. We could continue to make immigration reform the collateral damage in any piece of legislation that is brought before this Congress, with the assumption that the individuals affected by these laws are not real human beings. We can continue to deny the obvious and the reality of this Nation, that when you have 11 million undocumented living, working amongst us, that the prudent, smart, and pragmatic thing to do is to deal with that issue and not exploit it or ignore it. 
this issue. We have heard of disease being brought to this country, which was proven untrue. The young children that were in detention that came in that surge across the border 6, 7 months ago, their rate of infection was no higher than the rate of infection for children throughout this Nation. We have heard the pandering about terrorism coming over the border. Not one incident has been qualified as fact— that, indeed, that has become a pathway for terrorism. 
at what America is, I think that is the most important point that we should take into consideration. ‘‘From many, there is one’’ is the motto that this Nation holds dear to itself, that all of us come here, and that by being here, we began to form this Union of ours, integrating the values, the aspirations, the rule of law, and the history of that Nation in making it one. 
have a twotiered society without consequences to the economy and the social wellbeing of this Nation is wrong. It is wrong for very humane and just reasons, but it is profoundly wrong on what this Nation is and what I learned and all of us have learned this Nation is and will continue to be: a nation founded on the rule of law, a nation founded by immigrants. 
I also want to say—and I will say it 
as delicately and as carefully as I can— that the issue of immigration reform to many people who are citizens— maybe second and third generation whose original folks were immigrants who happened to be of color, who happened to come from a country of origin where the language and the culture 
were different from the mainstream of this Nation, whom it integrated fully and who have contributed to the defense and the wellbeing of this Nation—they feel that the constant drumbeat of accusation, of ‘‘it is us versus them,’’ of division, that this issue not only is an issue of immigration reform for the people who need it and for the Nation that needs it, but it is also an issue of civil rights, that no one should be profiled into a situation where they are less than someone else because of where their parents came from, because of the language that they spoke or the country that they came from or the color of their skin. 
That is not America. And we continue to pander to those emotions, fear, as a means to score political points and possibly win an election here and there. That we do it at our own peril. 
So for many generations of Americans that have served this country, the issue of immigration strikes us as an issue about our rights, our presence, our history, and our ability to proudly stand with anyone else and be as American as the next person. 
from New Jersey for organizing this, and I thank her for the opportunity that she has granted me to be able to state some things that sometimes the confines of our debates here don’t allow us to. 
the gentleman from Arizona, for sharing his vast knowledge, experience, and dedication to such an important issue. 
this Chamber; but I must tell you that, as I have been working here and observing, I am always reminded of the fact that this is a nation of immigrants. This is a nation that was conceived of by immigrants. It was created by immigrants. It was made great by immigrants because all of our Founding Fathers who are responsible for the way this country operates and the way we operate this democracy came to this land from another land. 
been released by the Public Religion Research Institute in February, 77 percent of the country supports either a pathway to citizenship or permanent legal residency for undocumented immigrants. Only 19 percent want to enforce deportation. Citizenship is also favored over deportation in every single solitary State in this Nation, frequently by very wide margins. 
from Arizona noted, the Democratic led Senate passed legislation that would have provided that pathway for 11 million immigrants seeking the American Dream but currently living in the shadows. That bill also would have strengthened border security, something I hear my Republican colleagues argue about quite frequently. That measure passed with significant 
Republican support, 68–32 votes; yet our Speaker, Speaker BOEHNER , declared that that bill was dead on arrival in the House. 
not just Democrats that know it is time for a change on immigration. The American people are quickly reaching consensus that the American Dream should not be withheld and that there is nothing to fear from those who are seeking it. 
to understand that the absolutely deplorable rhetoric used to keep immigrants in the shadows is just that, rhetoric. The American people are starting to agree that our legacy as a nation of immigrants means that offering the same opportunities to new generations should be the order of the day. 
Mr. Speaker, I am calling on my Republican colleagues right now to open the discussion on real immigration reform. 
This, as I said, is a nation of immigrants, built by people who came from different worlds, seeking opportunities to change their futures. So we should be having a conversation about how we honor that legacy and protect the promise of the American Dream for a new generation that is ready to work hard, play by the rules, and seize it. 
by keeping our immigrants in the shadows. This is a nation right now that is just gaining traction and economic growth, with plenty of people still looking for employment and a government too burdened by austerity measures to provide any relief. 
So we should be having a conversation about the economic benefits of comprehensive immigration reform and the extraordinary impact it would have on job creation and innovation. It is not just the right thing to do; it is the fiscally right thing to do; it is a morally right thing to do; and it is a timely thing to do. 
We need to let go of our excuses and 
end the scare tactics. Let’s get together and pass comprehensive immigration reform right now. 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–15) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Operating Expenses’’ of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 
forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the great life of Father Hesburgh. 
1917, Syracuse, New York, United States. Died: February 26, 2015 (age 97), Notre Dame, Indiana, United States. Alma mater: The Catholic University of America. Profession: Priest. Religion: Roman Catholic. 
and on the University of Indiana, flags are flown at halfstaff to honor the passing of a giant among men, a warrior for peace and a champion for civil rights, Father Theodore Hesburgh. 
I want you to just think for a minute 
and let your mind drift to what we will see in the future as a tombstone that is going to have Father Hesburgh’s name, and it is going to say: Born May 25, 1917; died February 26, 2015. And I want you to forget about those two dates and, for a minute, think about the 97 years in between those dates—not just the day Father Hesburgh was born or the day Father Hesburgh died, but the 97 years that Father Hesburgh spent on Earth doing great work because, truly, a man is measured not so much by his years on Earth but what he accomplished while he was here. 
think it is important to go back and think about just who Father Ted was. Father actually passed away last Thursday at 11:30 p.m. 
Hesburgh’s last day. He rose in the morning. It was very important for him to celebrate Mass, which he did that day. Throughout the course of the day, he wasn’t feeling quite right; but, again, he was 97 years old. That evening, as he was accustomed to do, he smoked a cigar, and then he went to bed. And for whatever reason, he was surrounded by some very good friends, but he was also surrounded by a nun. 
were the recitation of the rosary. Now, he was very fluent in five different languages. The language that he thought was the most beautiful was the French language, and the rosary was recited in French. 
lying in a bed, friends around him, knowing that something was going to happen, and Father Hesburgh closed his eyes and passed. But think about the glorious moment right after the closing of those eyes. Because in the next instant they were opened, not on Earth, not on the University of Notre Dame, not in a bed where he was a dying old man, but in Heaven, surrounded by all those folks who knew Father Ted, who loved Father Ted, and who have been patiently waiting for his arrival, because that is what we believe. We know that he is at home. 
born in Syracuse, New York. He was educated at Notre Dame and at the Gregorian University in Rome, from which he received a bachelor of philosophy degree. He was ordained a priest of the Congregation of Holy Cross in Sacred Heart Church, now the Basilica, on Notre Dame campus in June of 1943. 
o’clock, the funeral mass for Father Hesburgh was held at this very same church, Sacred Heart Basilica on our beautiful and beloved campus. Now, as I stand here, the funeral mass for Father Ted is concluding, and the Notre Dame community will be following Father Ted on St. Mary’s Road out to his final resting place at the Holy Cross Community Cemetery. It will be a sad march, but it will also be a rejoicing march because certainly we miss him, and we are going to miss him, but we rejoice in what he was able to accomplish. 
Dame, Father Hesburgh was simply known as Father Ted. That is all—Father Ted. Now, I was one of those people that was fortunate enough to be there when Father Ted was there. And some of my colleagues, I think that PETER KING was there, P ETER VISCLOSKY was there, K EITH ROTHFUS was 
pay tribute to this national treasure by introducing a bicameral resolution to honor the life of this truly amazing man. Father Ted faithfully served Notre Dame for decades. He served as Notre Dame’s president from 1952 to 1987. 
Father Ted has done, because mostly when people talk about Notre Dame, they say, oh, yeah, heck of a football team, and at times we have been very good. But he was able to transition us from not just a team or a little school in the Midwest that was known for the way it played football—and we were originally called the Ramblers. We were not called the Fighting Irish. We were called the Ramblers because we 
had no home, and so we kind of had to go around the country to play different teams, so we kind of rambled around the country. We were the Ramblers. Then we adopted the name Fighting Irish, and it was for the very immigrants that came to the university. It was one of those universities that honored the fact that people were coming from all over the world. They were coming to the United States, and there were really not a lot of institutions of higher learning that they could get entrance to. Notre Dame was one of those institutions. 
didn’t stop in South Bend, and it certainly didn’t stop at the university’s gates. His commitment to education and social justice extended way beyond the boundaries of my alma mater and well beyond Indiana and, in fact, well beyond America’s shores. His dedication is one of shared humanity that knew absolutely no bounds. 
is far greater than that which divides us made him a champion of civil discourse and social justice. One only needs to look at a photo that I brought with me today, and in the annals of America, it is hard to look at Dr. King and Father Ted and not look at these two lions for social justice, these two lions for civil rights, to understand that they were locked arm in arm on a mission that they knew had to take place and that they could no longer turn a blind eye or a deaf ear to. That is who Father Ted was. He believed to the very soul of who he was, the very fabric of who this man was, that this is what America needed. He not only preached it, he not only taught it, he lived it. 
truly, I think it is almost providential—is the 50th anniversary of the march on Selma’s Edmund Pettus Bridge, commemorates the 50th anniversary. Again, this was called Bloody Sunday. This was in 1965. It is hard for us to imagine that that could have taken place, but it did. In fact, we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of it this Saturday. That is what helped secure the passage of the Voting Rights Act so that every American citizen could equally participate in her democratic process. This was a milestone. This just wasn’t something to be marked on a calendar. This was a great event in terms of how we advanced democracy in our country. 
Saturday, I know that the spirits of these two great lions, these people that really stood up and took time to stand up when it wasn’t really easy to stand up and it certainly took a lot of courage, they stood up to what they knew to be right, for what they knew to be true, and for what they knew to be truly American. 
imagine right now that when Father closed his eyes last Thursday night and 
was around him? Who surrounded him? Whom he was able to share that moment with is incredible. I am sure Dr. King was there with him. 
Now, over the years, this man, Father Hesburgh, held 16 Presidential appointments that covered every type of major social concern and civil rights concern to Third World development that a person could possibly understand, and also campus unrest. He won the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He won the Congressional Gold Medal. He won the Sylvanus Thayer Award, and he won the Public Welfare Medal. And though he counseled Popes and Presidents, Father Hesburgh was first and foremost a priest, a priest on the campus of Notre Dame. He had said: ‘‘I never really wanted to be anything but a priest, which is in itself a great and unearned grace. I hope to live and die a priest, nothing more, but nothing less either.’’ 
Now, for decades, he has been considered the most influential priest in America, and the world he looked at as his flock. He was truly a shepherd who lived with his flock. He demonstrated this by his tireless work and his historic service to our country, to our church, and to the world. 
of Sir Thomas More, in 1520 wrote of Sir Thomas More: 
‘‘He is a man of angel’s wit and singular learning. I know not his fellow. For where is the man of that gentleness, lowliness, and affability? And, as time requireth, a man of marvelous mirth and pastimes, and sometime of as sad gravity. A man for all seasons.’’ 
Hesburgh was truly America’s Renaissance man. He was truly our ‘‘man for all seasons.’’ And much like Sir Thomas More was to his contemporaries over 500 years ago, Father Ted has left this world a better place because he took it upon himself the responsibility to inspire others here and abroad to pursue a life of justice and peace. Truly blessed are the peacemakers. 
to say, he, too, is ‘‘resting in the loving hands of our Savior, bathed in the light 
of eternal life.’’ These words were spoken by Father Hesburgh to Secretary Condoleezza Rice upon the passing of her father. He is now at peace with God. He is with the God he served so well during his lifetime on Earth. 
thought. A good friend of mine that I grew up with and graduated with, a guy named Larry Vuillemin, had gone to see Father. 
year ago, received his blessing when he was here. We were celebrating his birthday. We knelt down, and he gave 
they were having a talk about ethics, he said: Larry, ethics is fun to intellectualize, but ethics without the heart is missing something. So if we can just concentrate on 
those words, let those words soak in and seep in to who we are, then I think we can truly not only honor him, but honor him in a way that really means the most, and that is by emulating his life and trying to carry forward the same issues that Father had. 
I know he is now at peace with the 
God he has served so well during his life. May peace be with him. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, March 6, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons to the Entity 
647. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20611, ‘‘Parkside Parcel E and J MixedIncome Apartments Tax Abatement Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20610, ‘‘Prohibition of PreEmployment Marijuana Testing Temporary Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20622, ‘‘Nuisance Abatement Notice Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20623, ‘‘NotFor Profit Hospital Corporation Certificate of Need Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20625, ‘‘Classroom Animal for Educational Purposes Clarification Second Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20626, ‘‘Apprenticeship Modernization Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20627, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Revised Budget Request Temporary Adjustment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20628, ‘‘Lots 36, 41, and 802 in Square 3942 and Parcels 0143/107 and 0143/110 Eminent Domain Authorization Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20629, ‘‘Market based Sourcing Inter Alia Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20630, ‘‘Ticket Sale Regulation Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20594, ‘‘St. Elizabeths East Redevelopment Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Energy Portfolio Standard Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20597, ‘‘Sonia Gutierrez Campus Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20598, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 1412, S.O. 1310159, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20599, ‘‘Urban Farming and Food Security Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20600, ‘‘Notice Requirements for Historic Properties Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20624, ‘‘UDC Fundraising Extension Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of the Army, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
666. A letter from the Deputy Associate Director for Management and Administration, and Designated Reporting Official, Office of National Drug Control Policy, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Department of the Interior, transmitting a proposed draft bill and sectionbysection analysis for proposed legislation to create the Bureau of Land Management Foundation; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. L EE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
AMASH , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
SERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
DEUTCH , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
H.R. 1232. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Defense to make certain limitations on the transfer of personal property to Federal and State agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1233. A bill to provide regulatory relief to community financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1234. A bill to restore to States the 
freedom and flexibility to regulate health insurance markets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1235. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1236. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1237. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1238. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1239. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1240. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1241. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1242. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1243. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1244. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1245. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1246. A bill eliminating the debt ceiling for a period defined, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 1247. A bill to revive and expand the 
Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CLAY, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. C OHEN ): 
H.R. 1248. A bill to amend title 46, United 
States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fireretardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fireretardant materials; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1249. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent individuals receiving work authorizations under certain deferred action programs from being eligible for the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1250. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide that payment under the Medicare program to a longterm care hospital for inpatient services shall not be made at the applicable site neutral payment rate for certain discharges involving severe wounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1251. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to add a Federal defender representative as a nonvoting member of the United States Sentencing Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
for certain cocaine base offenses retroactively for certain offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1253. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, with respect to the good time credit toward service of sentences of imprisonment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1254. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to clarify the circumstances under which the enhanced penalty provisions for subsequent convictions apply; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act regarding penalties for cocaine offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1256. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose a mileagebased 
pumps in lieu of the tax on taxable fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
General to make grants to States that have in place laws that terminate the parental rights of men who father children through rape; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
JOYCE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R YANof 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
H.R. 1258. A bill to protect the pets of victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1259. A bill to provide for an application process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
BASS, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR  
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
FUDGE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. 
KILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , 
RUSH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): 
H.R. 1260. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the American Opportunity Tax Credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to bring the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection into the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to require the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to notify and obtain permission from consumers before collecting nonpublic personal information about such consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to strengthen the review authority of the Financial Stability Oversight Council of regulations issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection in accordance with the General Schedule; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. GUINTA , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
BARR, Mr. H ILL, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. L OVE, 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to make the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection an independent Financial Product Safety Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1267. A bill to exempt certain class A 
CDL drivers from the requirement to obtain a hazardous material endorsement while operating a service vehicle with a fuel tank containing 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less of diesel fuel; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1268. A bill to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to promote energy efficiency via information and computing technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1270. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for overthecounter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
WAGNER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1271. A bill to provide for systemic research, treatment, prevention, awareness, and dissemination of information with respect to sportsrelated and other concussions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
physicians to practice in rural and medically underserved communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
in residential and commercial buildings and industry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of Transportation to make grants to assist units of local government in developing and implementing plans, known as Vision Zero plans, to eliminate transportationrelated 
fatalities and serious injuries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1275. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to develop a national strategic action plan to assist health professionals in preparing for and responding to the public health effects of climate change, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1276. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone 
Management Act of 1972 to require the Secretary of Commerce to establish a coastal climate change adaptation planning and response program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1277. A bill to provide for ocean acidification collaborative research grant opportunities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 1278. A bill to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program of awarding grants to owners or operators of water systems to increase resiliency or adaptability of the systems to any ongoing or forecasted changes to the hydrologic conditions of a region of the United States; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1279. A bill to carry out pilot programs to improve skills and job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1280. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to create a searchable database containing a credentials registry, a skills database, and a jobs bank; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1281. A bill to increase the number of 
months of vocational educational training that may be counted as work under the temporary assistance for needy families program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. WHITFIELD , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G UINTA , 
H.R. 1282. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the transportation of horses in interstate transportation in a motor vehicle containing 2 or more levels stacked on top of one another; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D EUTCH , 
H.R. 1283. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to ensure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1284. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take certain actions related to pesticides that may affect pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 1285. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to eliminate origination fees for Federal Direct Loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
LEVIN, Mr. N EAL, Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
of New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. F ARR, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN 
LYNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L INDA T. 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 1286. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to eliminate the lower threshold for the refundable portion of the child tax credit, and for other purposes; to 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. G OSAR , and Mrs. L OVE): 
requirements for funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1288. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to accept additional documentation when considering the application for veterans status of an individual who performed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1290. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies on the impact of diverting certain freight rail traffic to avoid urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
grade crossing safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1292. A bill to amend title 10, United 
and exchange store privileges to veterans with a compensable serviceconnected disability and to their dependents; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
TAKANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. W ILSON  
Health Service Act to establish a grant program to provide supportive services in permanent supportive housing for chronically homeless individuals and families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1294. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to ensure that the South Texas Veterans Affairs Health Care Center in Harlingen, Texas, includes a fullservice Department of Veterans Affairs inpatient health care facility; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
VARGAS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1296. A bill to amend the San Luis Rey 
Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1297. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide assistance for housing cooperatives damaged by a major disaster, to provide relief to homeowners affected by major disasters who have mortgages insured by the FHA or owned or guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1298. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent retroactive claims of the earned income tax credit by individuals issued social security numbers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. S MITH of 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. S ALMON): 
H.R. 1299. A bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. K ATKO ): 
H.R. 1300. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
himself, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. W OMACK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
North Carolina): H.R. 1301. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of Ohio, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. B ARR, 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M ESSER , 
H.R. 1302. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a deadline for the certification of certain forms by regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. JONES , and 
H.R. 1303. A bill to repeal Public Law 107 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. J ONES , and 
H.R. 1304. A bill to repeal the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 1305. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to limit the deductibility of excessive rates of executive compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
HONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. 
H.R. 1306. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to conduct a study to determine the relationship between school start times and adolescent health, wellbeing, and performance; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
that threaten the maintenance of an open Internet, that mandate unique technology standards as a condition of market access and related measures, and to promote online free expression and the free flow of information; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1308. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to establish a Multimodal Freight Funding Formula Program and a National Freight Infrastructure Competitive Grant Program to improve the efficiency and reliability of freight movement in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. STIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
H.R. 1310. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1311. A bill to provide for the establishment of an office within the Internal Revenue Service to focus on violations of the internal revenue laws by persons who are under investigation for conduct relating to the promotion of commercial sex acts and trafficking in persons crimes, and to increase the criminal monetary penalty limitations for the underpayment or overpayment of tax due to fraud; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. L ONG, Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. 
Health Service Act to provide for the participation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1313. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1314. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. MASSIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and 
H.R. 1316. A bill to provide an amnesty period during which veterans and their family members can register certain firearms in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. F UDGE , 
Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. S TIVERS ): 
Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Aid Program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
YOHO, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. J OLLY , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
H.R. 1319. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct annual surveys of veterans on experiences obtaining hospital care and medical services from medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
TIPTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. 
H.R. 1320. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1321. A bill to prohibit the sale or distribution of cosmetics containing synthetic plastic microbeads; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and 
H.R. 1322. A bill to amend the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act to require the public disclosure of crop insurance premium subsidies made on behalf of Members of Congress and their immediate families, Cabinet Secretaries and their immediate families, and entities of which any such individual or combination of such individuals is a majority shareholder, and to require the public disclosure of the underwriting gains earned by private insurance providers and the business expenses covered by the Federal Government; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. E LLISON, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  
DELAURO , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 1323. A bill to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to further express United States foreign policy with respect to, and to strengthen United States advocacy on behalf of, freedom of religion or belief abroad and individuals persecuted in foreign countries on account of religion or belief, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1324. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1325. A bill to give States and localities the option to return unused Federal grant funds to the general fund of the Treasury for the purpose of deficit reduction; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Florida, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. Y OHO, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
H.R. 1326. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1327. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality standards for ozone; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. C OOK, Mr. D UNCAN of 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P OSEY , 
HARRIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
H.R. 1328. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny the earned income tax credit to any individual who received temporary deportation relief and work authorization in accordance with any program not specifically established by Act of Congress; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1329. A bill to abolish the Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, transfer its functions relating to the Federal firearms, explosives, and arson laws, violent crime, and domestic terrorism to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and transfer its functions relating to the Federal alcohol and tobacco smuggling laws to the Drug Enforcement Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1330. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas leasing, to use revenues from such leasing to capitalize bonds that provide a dedicated source of revenue to fund highway, other transportation, and water infrastructure projects, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1331. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs medical professionals in support of claims for disability 
compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. YOHO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
H.R. 1332. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to disallow the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit for individuals who are not lawfully present in the United States or who have received work authorization pursuant to certain deferred action programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. O LSON , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1333. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify eligibility for the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to make the shareholder threshold for registration of savings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. DELANEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. L ARSON  
POLIS, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. K ENNEDY , and 
partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our nation’s social programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. A L 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K IND, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. H AHN, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B RADY  
HONDA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. R USH, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
ASHFORD , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C AROLYN  
BUSTOS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. B RENDAN  
CLEAVER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LEE, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
CLYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. E STY, Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L INDA T. 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Miss 
Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. P LASKETT ): 
H. Con. Res. 23. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative stamp honoring the 50th anniversary of the three civil rights marches from Selma, Alabama to Montgomery, Alabama that took place over the course of several weeks in March 1965; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. K ING of New 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. W ALBERG , 
H. Con. Res. 24. Concurrent resolution honoring the life and memory of Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C., president emeritus of the University of Notre Dame; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
NORTON , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
sense of the House of Representatives that in order to better understand water availability, sustainability, and security at a national scale, the United States should prioritize the assessment of the quality and quantity of surface water and groundwater resources, and produce a national water census with the same sense of urgency that was incorporated in the ‘‘Man on the Moon’’ project to address the inevitable challenges of ‘‘Peak Water’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 143. A resolution urging the Government of Nigeria to move forward expeditiously with national general elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
celebrating the centennial of the United States Navy Reserve; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
for designation of the week of March 1, 2015, through March 7, 2015, as ‘‘School Social Work Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
waive the time limitations specified by law for the award of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces to permit the award of the DistinguishedService Cross to Edward Halcomb for acts of extraordinary heroism during the Korean War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 
of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly allows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
H.R. 1234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the states to allow private insurance plans, health savings accounts, and health flexible spending arrangements otherwise prohibited by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, while affecting interstate commerce which Congress has the power to regulate under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 1235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 1248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is enacted by Congressional Authority expressed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 1250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8. 
H.R. 1258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 
H.R. 1259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section 8 and the 16th Amendment of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United 
H.R. 1268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing power, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 1271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8.: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1275. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 1280. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution 
The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 8 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
useful Arts, by securing for limited times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries. 
H.R. 1284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the Sixteenth Amendment 
H.R. 1287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
From Article I, Section 8: ‘‘ The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes . . .’’ 
H.R. 1291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers 
H.R. 1293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the constitution 
H.R. 1295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, which provides Congress with the power to regulate commerce and relations between the United States and Native American Tribes. 
H.R. 1297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 1298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 1300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defence of the United States. 
H.R. 1301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
[Rights Guaranteed]; . . . the means employed to effect its exercise may be niether arbitrary nor oppressive but must bear a real and substantial relation to an end that is public, specifically, the public health, safety, or morals, or some other aspect of the general welfare. 
H.R. 1302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
And Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests lies in Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly allows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
Congress the explicit power to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause. 
H.R. 1310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Excution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1311. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution which provides Congress with the power to lay and collect taxes and regulate commerce among the several states. 
H.R. 1312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the National Health Service Corps. 
H.R. 1313. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1314. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of 
H.R. 1315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which provides that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States,’’ and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, which provides that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be publish from time 
Code, requires the President to submit to Congress the Administration’s annual budget request and stipulates the contents of that submission. It is within the Constitutional Authority of Congress to provide oversight and guidance on these requirements. 
H.R. 1316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 & Amendment II to The 
H.R. 1317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 1319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power*** To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof 
H.R. 1320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 1325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . .’’ 
H.R. 1326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power] To regulate Commerce with the foreign Nations, and among the several states and the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice and Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
H.R. 1331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1, Clause 1, All legislative powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the Receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 1333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay 
the Debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1336. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1337. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 131: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. U PTON , Mr. 
H.R. 242: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 292: Mr. R OSS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. P INGREE , 
H.R. 420: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
H.R. 427: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 456: Mr. S CHIFF , Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 542: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. K INZINGER  
H.R. 592: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
H.R. 594: Mr. B RATand Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 624: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. C APUANO. 
H.R. 631: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. F OSTER, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P AULSEN . 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. S TIVERS , and 
DESJARLAIS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 648: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 650: Mr. P EARCE and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 662: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
H.R. 667: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 704: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B ENISHEK , and 
H.R. 721: Mr. V ELA, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and 
H.R. 727: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P RICE of North 
H.R. 746: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. 
H.R. 771: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R USH, 
H.R. 775: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. 
H.R. 803: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. B RADY of 
ALLEN , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 816: Mr. K LINE, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 825: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 835: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 842: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 845: Mr. B ARR, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
H.R. 846: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 868: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 885: Ms. E STYand Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 903: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 920: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, 
H.R. 932: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 969: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 975: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. K IND, Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. 
H.R. 985: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 989: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 997: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 999: Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1017: Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 1031: Mr. C LAYand Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1058: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. R EICHERT . 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. O LSON , and 
H.R. 1105: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 1106: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
LANCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
H.R. 1154: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1172: Ms. D ELBENEand Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1180: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. Y OHO, 
H.R. 1188: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1193: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1212: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
Texas, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. F RANKS  
H.R. 1218: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. A SHFORD , and 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
H. Res. 11: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. O LSON . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C LAY, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Res. 117: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 123: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. F RANKEL  
H. Res. 133: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H. Res. 139: Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. 
OLSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMRS. MILLER OF MICHIGAN  
the Committee on House Administration in H.R. 1213, to make administrative and technical corrections to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, do not contain any 
congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1263 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 2015 No. 37 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Father in Heaven, holy is Your 
Name. You brought light from darkness and order from chaos. You can bring order to our Nation and world. Thank You for the gift of this day and for our borrowed heartbeats. Thank You also for the privilege to serve You by serving our great country. 
May they become Your merciful hands to reduce the pain and pathology in our world. Lord, use their daily experiences 
of joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain, victory and defeat for Your glory. Protect them with the shield of Your love as You fill their hearts with Your peace. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 