journey by enlisting and attending basic training December 1, 1972, assigned by the Army to a region in Alaska September of 1973, and left active duty December 22, 1978. Arriving in Colorado in 1983 with his wife and two sons, Jim dabbled in car sales. He joined the Colorado National Guard in 1987 and stayed in until his retirement in 2002. His adventures with the Department of Veterans Affairs began as a workstudy student at Fort Carson in March 1986 and then hired by El Paso County February 22, 1988 as an Assistant Veteran Service Officer to assist veterans and surviving spouses with completing disability claims. 
with the El Paso County Veteran Services, he received numerous awards for his outstanding efforts to serve local veterans and became a part of the community that he worked so tirelessly to help in any way he could. Jim has also been an invaluable advisor to me on all topics related to veterans’ affairs. I greatly appreciated his service when he was a member of my Veterans Advisory Board for 8 years. 
organizations to create the El Paso County Homeless Standdown Committee. He served on the standdown committee for 15 years and helped coordinate the annual Standdown event to assist homeless veterans. 
the Colorado Veterans Resource Coalition, a nonprofit organization to assist with veterans’ homeless issues, which is operated in collaboration with numerous other veteran service organizations. As part of this Coalition, Jim has provided executive oversight of the purchase and operation of the Crawford House, two transitional housing buildings, and an apartment complex, which provides services such as safe emergency housing for veterans who are homeless, receiving mental health care, and/or safe transitional low income housing. 
From 2003 to 2008, Jim served on the Executive Board and as the Vice President of the National Association of County Veteran Service Officers. During this time Jim ensured numerous Colorado County Veteran Service Officers were accredited through the National organization. 
Jim played a critical role in the planning of 
the new national cemetery in southern Colorado. In 2006, Jim was appointed to the Pikes Peak National Veterans Cemetery Committee and has been instrumental in the upcoming construction of a Veterans Cemetery in El Paso County that is anticipated to be open in 2018. Jim also served on a joint committee to name the new Colorado Springs VA Clinic. 
Veteran Service Officer in 2008, and immediately began an expanded outreach program to ensure El Paso County veterans are aware of local veteran services and programs. Since this program, the Veteran Service Office has almost doubled the yearly office visits which has resulted in a 190 percent increase in the number of claims for veterans and their dependents, and has made the El Paso County Veteran Services Office one of the most active offices in the United States. 
Clinic Naming Committee which honored our local hometown hero, WWII Medal of Honor recipient, PFC Floyd Lindstrom. He also served on the clinic’s Grand Opening Committee to open one of the largest VA CommunityBased Outpatient Clinics in the United States. During this year, Jim also coordinated with Home Depot to construct a Veterans Memorial at Bear Creek Regional Park that honors El Paso County Veterans and their outstanding service. 
Jim is one of the most intelligent, highly respected and dependable service officers in the great state of Colorado. He has given every bit of his heart and soul to the Pikes Peak community and he remains one of the most influential community leaders. I am very proud 
and grateful for his selfless service to the veterans in Colorado’s 5th Congressional District. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE MARIJUANA TAX REVENUE ACT OF 2015 
am pleased to introduce the Marijuana Tax Revenue Act of 2015, legislation to create a federal excise tax on marijuana sales and move this industry out of the shadows and into the daylight. Over twothirds of people live in a state or local jurisdiction that has decided that some aspect of marijuana use should be legally permitted. Thirtyfour states and the District of Columbia have passed laws allowing for medical marijuana in some form and five jurisdictions, Colorado, Washington, Oregon, Alaska and the District of Columbia legalized the recreational use of small amounts of marijuana. 
More than 46 percent of Americans over the age of 18 have tried marijuana at least once and public opinion research reveals nearly half of the U.S. population supports legalization. Yet even as states and local governments have taken the lead in finding legal arrangements for marijuana, the federal government spends billions of dollars per year on incarceration and enforcement associated with federal marijuana laws. 
around the country—despite operating in compliance with state or local law—are not allowed to deduct their legitimate business expenses and often are unable to make deposits or maintain accounts as a result of federal banking laws. 
It is time for Congress to end the federal 
prohibition on marijuana, remove it from the Controlled Substances Act, and create a tax and regulatory framework similar to the frameworks in place for alcohol and tobacco. This represents a unique opportunity to save ruined lives, wasted enforcement and prison costs, while simultaneously helping to create a new industry, with new jobs and revenues that will improve the federal budget outlook. 
phases in an excise tax on the sale of marijuana by a producer (generally the grower) to the next stage of production (generally the processor creating the useable product). This tax is phased in over five years following legalization. It starts at 10% and grows to 25%. The bill requires occupational taxes for those operating marijuana businesses. Those who do not comply with the taxation laws face civil or criminal penalties similar to those in place for the tobacco industry. The bill requires the IRS to produce periodic studies of the industry and make recommendations to Congress. Medical marijuana is exempt from these excise taxes. 
stakeholders to move forward with this legislation, I emphasize that there remain significant questions and challenges. In particular, in the context of legislation, significant changes will ripple through the marijuana industry, with new products created, new business relationships 
developed, new consumer standards demanded, and wide variations in state and local laws. As this process evolves, we hope to work with the industry to ensure that the tax rate and framework appropriately reflects federal concerns and the needs of this developing industry. I am committed to ensuring that the legislation’s terms are adequately tailored to reflect the realities faced by marijuana businesses and consumers in an evershifting market. 
It is important to note that states will remain 
free to make decisions about marijuana policy. Paired with Representative POLIS’ ‘‘Regulate 
Marijuana like Alcohol Act’’ this legislation establishes a starting point for laying out a federal regulatory and taxation framework for marijuana sales that are legal under state law. 
honor the 170 inventors who will soon be recognized at the California Institute of Technology and inducted as the 2014 Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI). In order to be named as a Fellow, these men and women were nominated by their peers and have undergone the scrutiny of the NAI Selection Committee, having had their innovations deemed as making significant impact on quality of life, economic development, and welfare of society. Collectively, among this elite group holds nearly 5,000 patents. 
of Fellows include individuals from 114 research universities and nonprofit research institutes spanning not just the United States but also the world. The now 414 member group of Fellows is comprised of 61 presidents and senior leadership of research universities and nonprofit research institutes, 208 members of the other National Academies, 21 inductees of the National Inventors Hall of Fame, 16 recipients of the U.S. National Medal of Technology and Innovation, 10 recipients of the U.S. National Medal of Science, 21 Nobel Laureates, 11 LemelsonMIT prize recipients, 112 AAAS Fellows, among other awards and distinctions. 
founded in 2010 by Paul R. Sanberg at the University of South Florida. Its mission is to recognize and encourage inventors with patents issued from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, enhance the visibility of academic technology and innovation, encourage the disclosure of intellectual property, educate and mentor innovative students, and translate the inventions of its members to benefit society. 
innovation are immeasurable. I commend these individuals, and the organizations that support them, for the work that they do to revolutionize the world we live in. As the following inventors are inducted, may it encourage future innovators to strive to meet this high honor and continue the spirit of innovation. 
The 2014 NAI Fellows include: Ilhan A. Aksay, Princeton University; Nancy 
L. Allbritton, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Jan P. Allebach, Purdue University; Daniel W. Armstrong, The University of Texas at Arlington; Frances H. Arnold, California Institute of Technology; Kyriacos A. Athanasiou, University of California, Davis; Nadine N. Aubry, Northeastern University; David Baltimore, California Institute of Technology; Amit Bandyopadhyay, Washington State University; Joseph J. Beaman, Jr., The University of Texas at Austin; James A. Birchler, University of MissouriColumbia; Donald R. Bobbitt, University of Arkansas; Jeffrey T. Borenstein, The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory; H. Kim Bottomly, Wellesley College; Scott A. Brandt, University of California, Santa Cruz; Steven P. Briggs, University of California, San Diego; Robert A. Brown, Boston University; Karen J.L. Burg, Kansas State University; Robert H. Byrne, University of South Florida; A. Robert Calderbank, Duke University; Emily A. Carter, Princeton University; 
Alexander N. Cartwright, The State University of New York; H. Jonathan Chao, New York University; ChingShih Chen, The Ohio State University; Ashutosh Chilkoti, Duke University; Arul M. Chinnaiyan, University of Michigan; Steven Chu, Stanford University; James J. Coleman, The University of Texas at Dallas; J Edward Colgate, Northwestern University; Barry S. Coller, The Rockefeller University; R. Graham Cooks, Purdue University; Rory A. 
Cooper, University of Pittsburgh; Harold G. Craighead, Cornell University; Charles S. Craik, University of California, San Francisco; Alfred J. Crosby, University of Massachusetts Amherst; Marcos Dantus, Michigan State University; Huw M.L. Davies, Emory University; Mark R.D. Davies, University of Limerick; Mark E. Dean, The University of Tennessee, Knoxville; Richard D. DiMarchi, Indiana University; Michael A. Dirr, The University of Georgia; Richard A. Dixon, University of North Texas; John P. Donoghue, Brown University; Jonathan S. Dordick, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Jennifer A. Doudna, University of California, Berkeley; Anatoly Dritschilo, Georgetown University; Robert V. Duncan, Texas Tech University; Russell D. Dupuis, Georgia Institute of Technology; Victor J. Dzau, Duke University; James H. Eberwine, University of Pennsylvania; Elazer R. Edelman, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; J. Gary Eden, University of Illinois at UrbanaChampaign; Jennifer H. Elisseeff, Johns Hopkins University; Sir Martin J. Evans, Cardiff University; David A. Evans, Harvard University; Gregg B. Fields, Toney Pines Institute for Molecular Studies; Stephen R. Forrest, University of Michigan; Michael W. Fountain, University of South Florida; Ingrid Fritsch, University of Arkansas; Cynthia M. Fuse, The University of Utah; Elsa M. Garmire, Dartmouth College; Samuel H. Gellman, University of Wisconsin Madison; Amit Goyal, Oak Ridge National Laboratory; Bruce D. Hammock, University of California, Davis; Justin Hanes, Johns Hopkins University; Frank W. Harris, The University of Akron; Vikki Hazelwood, Stevens Institute of Technology; Maurice P. Herlihy, Brown University; John C. Herr, University of Virginia; David R. Hillyard, The University of Utah; Jeffrey A. Hubbell, The University of Chicago; Suzanne T. Ildstad, University of Louisville; M. Saif Islam, University of California, Davis; Robert D. Ivarie, The University of Georgia; Allan J. Jacobson, University of Houston; 
Trevor O. Jones, Case Western Reserve University; Michael E. Jung, University of California, Los Angeles; Kattesh V. Katti, University of MissouriColumbia; Jay D. Keasling, 
University of California, Berkeley; Behrokh Khoshnevis, University of Southern California; Marcia J. Kieliszewski, Ohio University; Michael N. Kozicki, Arizona State University; Juan C. Lasheras, University of California, San Diego; WenHwa Lee, China Medical University; Chiang J. Li, Harvard University; James Linder, University of NebraskaLincoln; Stuart M. Lindsay, Arizona State University; Robert J. Linhardt, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; Philip S. Low, Purdue University; Yuri M. Lvov, Louisiana Tech University; Asad M. Madni, University of California, Los Angeles; Marc J. Madou, University of California, Irvine; Richard A. Mathies, University of California, Berkeley; Richard D. McCullough, Harvard University; Carver A. Mead, California Institute of Technology; Wen Jin Meng, Louisiana State University; XiangJin Meng, Virginia Tech; Thomas O. Mensah, Florida State University; Antonios G. Mikos, Rice University; Richard K. Miller, Olin College of Engineering; Duane D. Miller, The University of Tennessee Health Science Center; Jan D. Miller, The University of Utah; Sergey B. Mirov, The University of Alabama at Birmingham; Jeffrey R. Morgan, Brown University; Brij M. Moudgil, University of Florida; Jose ´M.F. Moura, Carnegie Mellon 
University; Shuji Nakamura, University of California, Santa Barbara; Jagdish Narayan, North Carolina State University; Shree K. Nayar, Columbia University; Douglas F. Nixon, The George Washington University; Babatunde A. Ogunnaike, University of Delaware; Iwao 
Ojima, Stony Brook University; Nicholas A. Peppas, The University of Texas at Austin; Michael A. Peshkin, Northwestern University; Victor L. Poirier, University of South Florida; Mark R. Prausnitz, Georgia Institute of Technology; Darwin J. Prockop, Texas A&M University; Alain T. Rappaport, Institute for Human and Machine Cognition; Renee A. Reijo Pera, Montana State University; Daniel E. Resasco, The University of Oklahoma; Rebecca R. RichardsKortum, Rice University; Yasuko Rikihisa, The Ohio State University; Pradeep K. Rohatgi, University of Wisconsin Milwaukee; Ba ¨rbel M. Rohrer, Medical University of South Carolina; Erkki Ruoslahti, SanfordBurnham Medical Research Institute; B. Don Russell, Jr., Texas A&M University; Ram Sasisekharan, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; W. Gregory Sawyer, University of Florida; Axel Scherer, California Institute of Technology; Joseph M. Schimmels, Marquette University; C. Richard Schlegel, Georgetown University; Saı ¨d M. Sebti, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer & Research Institute; George E. Seidel, Jr., Colorado State University; Arup K. SenGupta, Lehigh University; Wan Y. Shih, Drexel University; Kevin M. Short, University of New Hampshire; Richard B. Silverman, Northwestern University; Marwan A. Simaan, University of Central Florida; Raj N. Singh, Oklahoma State University; Thomas C. 
Skalak, University of Virginia; Mohamed Y. Soliman, Texas Tech University; Bruce J. Tatarchuk, Auburn University; Gordon A. 
Thomas, New Jersey Institute of Technology; Mark E. Thompson, University of Southern California; Thomas G. Thundat, University of Alberta; Richard B. Timmons, The University of Texas at Arlington; Mark L. Tykocinski, Thomas Jefferson University; Kamil Ugurbil, University of Minnesota; Anthony J. Vizzini, Wichita State University; Horst Vogel, E ´cole 
Vorsa, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey; Gordana VunjakNovakovic, Columbia University; Kristiina Vuori, SanfordBurnham Medical Research Institute; Kevin M. Walsh, University of Louisville; Christine A. Wang, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Shaomeng Wang, University of Michigan; Paul H. Weigel, The University of Oklahoma; Jonathan A. Wickert, Iowa State University; Alan E. Willner, University of Southern California; Richard C. Willson III, University of Houston; ChiHuey Wong, Academia Sinica; John A. WooIlam, University of NebraskaLincoln; Shelby D. Worley, Auburn University; Chris Xu, Cornell University; Ping Xu, Shanghai Jiao Tong University; Zhi Xu, University of MissouriSt. Louis; Janet K. Yamamoto, University of Florida; Shu Yang, University of Pennsylvania; Michael J. Yaszemski, Mayo Clinic; Phillip D Zamore, University of Massachusetts Medical School. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, February 23, 2015. Committee Meetings 
bills, H.R. 1013–1020; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 119, were introduced.
for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–24, Part 1); and H.R. 529, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–25).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:03 a.m. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD156 February 20, 2015 
Program for Monday: Senator Hoeven will be recognized to deliver Washington’s Farewell Address. Following the reading, Senate will recess until 4:30 p.m. 
At 4:30 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the 
motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E225 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E225 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E226 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E226 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E226 Roe, David P., Tenn., E225 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E227 