for a remark I made to myself that was picked up by the House microphone yesterday. 
anger, it was wrong, and I have apologized privately to Mr. MCCARTHY , who 
I believe is a man of integrity in this House. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I introduced a bill that would authorize and request the President to award our Nation’s highest military honor to a Texan who served this Nation with distinction and bravery. 
countless American troops as they went into battle. Chris Kyle voluntarily put his life on the line when he completed his first tour in Iraq, and when he returned not once, but three more times. 
will not bring back a husband, father, son, and a model Texan. But the Medal of Honor will show Chris Kyle’s family our gratitude for his relentless devotion to our country. 
Medal of Honor has been awarded 3,507 times. I challenge someone to tell me Chris Kyle didn’t show the bravery that is a prerequisite for this high honor. I challenge anyone to tell me that his courageous acts are undeserving of this recognition. 
strive to be. He is a true American patriot whose acts of valor must be permanently etched in our Nation’s history. 
today to speak about the importance of impact aid, which helps more than 1,300 school districts in our country make up for lost revenue due to the impact of Federal activity and Federal lands that reduce the available tax base. 
districts in the country, the Central Kitsap School District is home to many students whose parents work at naval facilities. For too long, this school district has not received the heavy impact aid funding that it has historically relied on to support these militaryconnected kids. 
and the Workforce Committee Ranking Member Mr. SCOTT for working with 
me to include a provision in an amendment that we will soon consider to help school districts like Central Kitsap get the impact aid funding they rely on. 
committee and our colleagues in the Senate to include this provision in any final legislation that reauthorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an American hero. 
Allen Harrington of Anderson, Indiana, was one of the Nation’s first African American Marines. He and his fellow Montford Point Marines broke the U.S. Marine Corps color barrier during World War II. Mr. Harrington specifically worked in an ammunitions factory and aided efforts to rescue prisoners of war being held by the Japanese. 
broke racial barriers while serving our country when the future of the free world was on the line? Allen Harrington could. 
2002, 9 years before legislation was passed awarding living members of the Montford Point Marines the Congressional Gold Medal. 
and his family will gather at city hall to pay tribute to his tremendous legacy. I look forward to presenting his daughter, Darlene, a special certificate and letter from the President and a replica Montford Point Marine medal. 
hero hails from Indiana’s Fifth District. I am even more proud his remarkable life will finally receive the recognition it deserves. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
once again, the Republicans have brought us to the brink of a government shutdown, this time, the Department of Homeland Security. 
For weeks, the Department specifically designed to keep America and Americans safe has been forced to spend time and resources making plans to lay off 30,000 workers and stop paychecks for hundreds of thousands of critical workers like the Coast Guard and Border Patrol agents and TSA at the airports. 
Why are they on this dangerous mission? So they can continue their futile and cruel war against immigrant children and families. 
Now I hear they will try to put the 
Department of Homeland Security back in limbo for another 3 weeks while they figure out some other mischief. This is reckless. This is irresponsible and dangerous. 
this. Stop it. Just pass a clean bill for a continuous funding of the Department of Homeland Security. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Rare Disease Day, and I stand to help raise awareness for more than 7,000 different types of different rare diseases and disorders that affect more than 300 million people nationwide. 
Health is celebrating its eighth annual Rare Disease Day, and I applaud their efforts to bring awareness to this very important issue. 
condition is considered rare if it affects fewer than 200,000 people combined in a particular group. In the U.S. today, there are approximately 30 million people living with rare disease, many of whom are inflicted with diseases whose symptoms are so complex that they 
simply remain undiagnosed. It is estimated that 80 percent of rare diseases are genetic in origin, and about half of all rare diseases affect children. 
to join me not just today but every day in helping to raise awareness on this very important issue that affects so many people in this Nation and around the world. 
today to urge House Republican leadership to put a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security on the floor for a vote. 
It is our job to lead this great Nation, and America deserves better than political gamesmanship. The threats facing our country are real. The Department of Homeland Security is on the front lines making sure our communities are safe. They secure our boarders and ports and ensure airports are safe for millions of travelers. 
Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protection officers, TSA aviation and security screeners, and Active Duty Coast Guard military will report to work but will not receive a paycheck. And that is just wrong. 
week to introduce legislation to withhold congressional pay if Homeland Security is shut down. It is simple: if the hardworking men and women in the Department of Homeland Security will continue to go to work but not receive a paycheck, Members of Congress who have failed to do their job should not receive a paycheck either. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Nicholas Bennett for making his 1,000th halfcourt basketball shot on Saturday, January 24. 
Let me say it is not the shot that is 
impressive, it is Nicholas. You see, Nicholas, a senior at North Hall High School who also has autism, has been manager of his school’s varsity basketball team for 4 years. As a freshman, he made it his goal to sink 1,000 halfcourt shots by graduation. He has amazed his teammates by consistently making those on the way to fulfilling his promise. 
opportunity at the North HallGainesville basketball game last month. He scored on the opening play and sunk his 1,000th halfcourt shot during halftime. 
you the minute you meet him, Nicholas’ kindness, determination, and dedication to his team are an inspiration. His motto is ‘‘have faith,’’ and it speaks to northeast Georgia’s core values. 
in recognizing Nicholas’ outstanding character and wish him the best in his future endeavors. Sometimes it is not about the shots; it is about the person making the shots. And Nicholas, you remind us to have faith. 
(Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call out my Republican colleagues for abandoning their duty to govern and protect our national security. 
200,000 DHS employees who protect our country to go without pay because Republicans can’t get their act together. A DHS shutdown doesn’t protect us from national security threats, and it certainly doesn’t solve our disagreements over immigration policy. This is nothing more than a tantrum, but even my 5yearold son knows that tantrums are a waste of time. 
It is time to grow up and govern. Will 
you listen to the extremists in your party who are focused on obstruction of progress, or will you listen to the majority of Americans who want us to fund DHS, want us to act on comprehensive immigration reform, and want us to govern like adults? 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend my remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not entertain that request at this time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, who objected to the motion? 
I did not hear an objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announced that he would entertain five requests for 1minute speeches on each side, and all those five requests have been entertained. 
inquiry. If I receive unanimous consent for a sixth request, am I not able to give that request under the rules of the House? 
Chair is exercising his discretion not to recognize for more than five 1minute speeches on each side. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 19 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 9 o’clock 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 129 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a rule and the underlying bill that would provide for funding for the Department of Homeland Security for 3 weeks. 
Joint Resolution 35, would provide certainty by taking a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security off the table. 
here because, last year, the President brought forward a plan to grant executive amnesty to over 4 million illegal immigrants. I believe that the administration’s actions violate the rule of law, circumvent the role of the American people, and undermine the Constitution. 
These actions have failed the American people. Over the last few years, the President’s immigration policies have cost the Federal Government millions of dollars. They have cost our States, our communities, and our local schools and hospitals millions more. 
I disagree with executive amnesty because I believe it is unwise, unlawful, and unconstitutional. That is why, 6 weeks ago, the House of Representatives did its job. We passed a bill that provided for the funding of the Department of Homeland Security and blocked the President’s executive amnesty actions. 
We had an expectation that the Senate would then do its work, stand up for the Constitution, while funding the Department of Homeland Security. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats, including numerous Senators who have argued repeatedly that no President can unilaterally change the law, have blocked that bill. 
That is why we are here today: because Senate Democrats refuse to stand up and fight on behalf of the Constitution against the President’s executive amnesty plan. We would not be here with a shortterm solution if six— 
only six—Senate Democrats would stand up for the American people and stop the President’s executive amnesty plan. 
of Texas and others, including my great home State of Georgia, stepped up to the plate and led a lawsuit with other States against the President and his unilateral actions. A judge in Texas ruled on that case 11 days ago and said that the President’s November executive amnesty action was illegal. 
place, no Federal dollars can be used to fund the President’s executive action on immigration. That means that, for the time being, the President’s plan has been stopped dead in its tracks. 
must do everything it can to fund the Department of Homeland Security at a critical time, which is why I stand in support of the rule that will fund the Department through March 19. 
to thank the gentleman, my friend, Mr. COLLINS , for yielding me the customary 
30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Thomas Jefferson. In 1801, when he began writing his manual of parliamentary procedures, he surely imagined a Chamber which followed the rules would be orderly, steadfast, and unwavering and that could govern our Nation in a respectable way; but under the current majority’s rule, this House stands in deep contrast to that ideal. 
After 4 years of this kind of leadership of selfinflicted wounds and manufactured crises, one would think that the House majority would have learned their lesson. It is clear today that they have not. 
they took control of this Chamber that they would govern prudently and fairly and openly, with regular order. We haven’t seen any of that. 
Then last November, when Republicans took control of the Senate, we were promised that two Chambers under Republican rule would be better than one and that the games would be over. We surely haven’t seen any of that either. 
double down on their vendetta against the President; they want to undermine their own party in the process. 
President since Eisenhower—Republican and Democrat—has set some immigration enforcement and other priorities through executive order. But the majority’s contempt for this President is so strong that they are engaging in an intraparty war, while Rome is burning around them, to see who can punish him the hardest. 
Mr. Speaker, as we stand here debating this, the Senate is poised to send us a clean, bipartisan bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security until the end of the fiscal year. The Republican Senate, with help from Democratic Senators, is ready to do what is right for the country. But the House is so blinded by their need to discredit and disparage the President that they risk the very security of our Nation for political games. House Minority Leader NANCY PELOSI  
offered Speaker B OEHNER all 188 Democratic votes on a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. He would have only needed to come up 
with 30. But the Speaker refused to take them. And if this dangerous continuing resolution were to pass, it will not be because of Democratic support. It will be pure Republican. 
process yet again. Today’s closed rule brings the tally to 13 closed rules of the 18 rules passed in the 114th Congress. 
Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, sent a letter to congressional leaders yesterday which laid out what is at stake if his Department’s funding is disrupted, either through shutdown or shortterm continuing resolution. From maintaining airport security, to helping us recover from one of the hardest winters in generations, to guarding against cyber threats, to keeping the U.S. Coast Guard running and monitoring possible lonewolf attacks on our homeland by ISIS, the House majority is threatening the safety and security of our Nation. 
‘‘As I have noted many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts.’’ In other words, a shortterm solution simply keeps us going on this cliffhanger. It ‘‘exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ 
United States like this? What must the rest of the world think of us as we flounder around here trying to inflict all the pain we can on the President of the United States? And in any case, that is more important to too many Members of this House; the prime reason for being here is to tear down the government and the President. 
letter from Secretary Johnson to congressional leaders, dated 26 February 2015, for the RECORD . 
MCCONNELL , MINORITY LEADER REID, ANDMINORITY LEADER PELOSI : Thank you for your 
leadership and efforts to pass a clean, full year appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. As you know, our funding expires tomorrow at midnight. I write to explain to Members of Congress the real and substantial consequences of a failure to pass a fullyear appropriations bill by that deadline. 
As an initial matter, it must be noted that 
a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for homeland security. It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organizations are now openly calling for attacks on Western targets. Yesterday’s arrests in New York City highlight the threat of independent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. We are working hard to stay one 
step ahead of potential threats to aviation security. Last year at this time, the spike in migrant children began to appear at our border; we are deployed to prevent this situation from recurring, and to address it aggressively if it does. The Nation is in the midst of a very cold, harsh winter, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is working with states impacted by record snowfalls. 
homeland security if the Departments funding lapses and we shut down: 
First, about 170,000 employees will be required to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown. This includes our Coast Guard, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, Transportation Security Administration officers, and others on the front lines of our homeland security. These working men and women depend on biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is disruptive and demoralizing. Even worse for our people are the public statements by some that make light of a shutdown, which disregards DHS employees’ personal sacrifices and dedication to our Nation’s security. 
women of the Department must be furloughed and sent home without pay. Our financial management, human resources, procurement and contracting, and information technology teams—the institutional backbone of the Department—will be reduced by 90 percent, from over 2,000 to just 208 people. My own immediate headquarters staff will be cut by about 87 percent. Our Science and Technology team, which is intensely focused on developing nonmetallic explosive detection capabilities as well as other technologies to counter threats to aviation, will be cut 94 percent, from 448 to 26 people. Our Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, which is our Nation’s primary research and development lead for development of advanced nuclear detection technologies and technical forensic capabilities, will also be cut 94 percent, from 121 to just 7 people. 
Third, contracting services across the Department, including those for critical mission support activities, will be disrupted and/ or interrupted altogether. Depending upon the length of a shutdown, contract awards and major acquisitions could be impacted. In the event of a shutdown, negotiations to construct the United States Coast Guard’s 8th National Security Cutter will be delayed, potentially leading to an increase in costs. 
Fourth, our $2.5 billionayear grantmaking to state, local, tribal, and territorial governments, to assist them in preventing, responding to or recovering from terrorist attacks, major disasters and other emergencies, remains at a standstill (it has already stopped because the Department is currently funded by a Continuing Resolution). Of particular note, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Emergency Management Performance Grants, which contribute 50 percent of the salaries of state and local emergency management personnel, cannot be funded. 
payments to communities affected by previous disasters will grind to a halt. Though these payments are funded with prioryear money, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s staff that processes them must be furloughed. 
Sixth, depending upon the length of a shutdown, DHS will no longer be able to support state and local authorities with planning, 
safety, and security resources for special security events such as the Boston and Chicago Marathons. 
in Kansas, which will replace the aging 1950s era Plum Island facility in New York, could be disrupted. 
must be halted, disrupting critical missions to secure the border, protect millions of daily airline passengers, strengthen security at the White House, and deploy new ICE investigators. Routine attrition hiring would cease across the Department, seriously undermining our homeland security frontline staffing needs. Our plans to increase CBP staffing at our ports of entry by 2,000 officers, and to maintain the Transportation Security Administration’s workforce of airport screeners and air marshals will be undermined. Our plans to hire additional Secret Service uniformed officers and special agents will also be disrupted. 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers will cease. Up to 2,000 local, state, and federal law enforcement trainees from across the country will be sent home. 
extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
I urge Congress, as soon as possible, to pass 
a clean, fullyear Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. These are the consequences of the actions of this Chamber’s majority, real and dangerous consequences: no certainty, no safety, no end in sight. 
I say to my colleagues in the majority: The Senate is giving you a way out of this thorny, treacherous brush that you have built up around yourselves, and I urge you and I implore you to follow the path out of that brush. It is the right thing to do for the country, and it is certainly the right thing to do for this institution. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This is not being brought forward out of contempt, as has been said, Mr. Speaker, about this President. This has to do with institutional integrity, that each branch has a role, that each body within the Congress has a role. Do your job. That is all we are saying. Make compromises where need be. Work to progress where need be. But when you simply say, I will not do anything—and especially with this executive amnesty action, which we believe should not be funded—that is a valid point of view. We have got to come to the table. But when the administration refuses to negotiate, the American people see truly that we are not functioning, not because of this House, but because of what is happening through, frankly, a frustrating policy from this administration which wants to bypass Congress. With that, I reserve the balance of 
yield myself 30 seconds to say, a negotiation took place, and that is why a bipartisan bill is passing the Senate at this very moment. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
about here is simply kicking the can down the road for 3 weeks. The facts on the ground don’t change in 3 weeks. Guess what, President Obama is still President of the United States in 3 weeks. Guess what, HARRY REIDis still 
the minority leader with enough votes to prevent something from reaching the 60vote threshold in the Senate. 
All we are doing is giving the Republicans yet another chance 3 weeks from now to remind the American children of undocumented parents that they want to deport Mom and Dad and to remind DREAMers, aspiring Americans who grew up here and know no other country, that they should be deported to a country they don’t even know, haven’t been to, and might not even speak the language of. That is not the way to win friends and influence people. 
in an election cycle, it doesn’t matter how great your agenda is. It might be great for their economics and their pocketbook; it might be great for their values. But you know what, if you are trying to deport Mom and Dad, you are not going to get past the front door. 
a cycle where every 3 weeks, every 2 weeks, every 6 weeks, apparently, the Republicans want to remind American children that they want to deport Mom and Dad. Apparently the Republicans want to remind young people who grew 
up here, who know no other country, who might want to serve in our military, who might be a cheerleader or on the football team at high school with your kids, Mr. Speaker, that they, too, should be deported to a country that they don’t know, where they speak a language that they might not even speak. 
electoral strategy, and it is contrary to our values as Americans. It is against family values. It is against the values of our Nation, as a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws. 
sensible, comprehensive immigration reform that addresses our broken immigration system. And yes, it is broken; and yes, President Obama’s first steps don’t completely fix it; but together, we can make it work. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I am pleased to yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), my good friend, who is 
Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come today, of course, 
to speak on the rule and to encourage passage of the rule and encourage passage of the underlying bill, funding the Department of Homeland Security for the next 21 days. 
House, last month, funded the Department of Homeland Security until the end of the fiscal year, September 30. We have since awaited activity over in the Senate or over in the other body, and that activity, unfortunately, has not been forthcoming. So we are left, again, with a deadline situation; and the House leadership, responsibly, has stepped up to provide temporary funding for the next 21 days. 
November when the House did not want to fund the President’s illegal, unlawful amnesty. It turns out a Federal judge in Texas agreed with us here in the House that it was an illegal amnesty. 
just made here on the House floor, here is a pop quiz for everyone. What country is more welcoming than any other country on the face of the Earth? What country allows more people in legally than all other countries combined? Well, that country is the United States of America. 
were welcomed into this country legally, and it has been so every year that I have been in the Congress for the last 12 years. That is 12 million people, just using simple math. All we ask is that you simply follow existing law. 
For people who want to say our immigration system is broken, I would submit that what is broken is our enforcement system. You had only to look to the southern border last summer and see the flood of unaccompanied minors coming over—not sneaking across the border, simply walking across the border and turning themselves in—and this country was required to deal with that on an emergent basis. The State of Texas was required to deal with that on an emergent basis. 
why that surge happened. I think there is a link back to the President saying: I am going to suspend enforcement of some of our immigration laws. It sent a message. It sent a message to people: Y’all come. Y’all come. The doors are open. If you get here in time, guess what. You won’t have to worry about our laws. 
as a consequence, States, like my State of Texas, were required to deal with the influx and were required to deal with the increase in social programs that were then called upon to provide those services that had never been budgeted before because they were, by definition, unexpected. 
and the problem is the porosity of the southern border, particularly in the Lower Rio Grande Valley sector in the State of Texas. 
Perry, met with the President in Dallas and invited him down to the border to come and see what we are dealing with, and the President refused. Well, many of us have been to the border. Bipartisan trips have been conducted to the border, to the Lower Rio Grande Valley sector. 
women who show up there to work every day. Federal, State, and local sheriffs show up to work every day to keep our country safe. And right now, the lion’s share of the enforcement on the border, of the protection on the border, is being done by the Texas Department of Safety, the highway patrol. The people who are supposed to be out catching speeders on the freeway are actually in boats on the Rio Grande to enforce our border security because it is national security. 
he was running for election, said over and over again: The security of the southern border is a Federal responsibility, but it is our problem, as State leaders. 
have spent money. They have committed money. They have committed people and equipment to that southern border, equipment that should have been pledged by the President of the United States and Department of Homeland Security. 
Former Governor Perry offered President Obama an opportunity to come to the border to see what the problem was. The President refused. I think that was a mistake. I think the President should have traveled to the southern border. 
The reality is that many of the Customs and Border Patrol individuals are not even on the border. They are one county in, dealing with the people who have now trekked across some of the most dangerous desert and difficult country around, who have been picked up by Customs and Border Patrol now 40, 50, 80 miles from the southern border. 
President’s executive order. The problem is exacerbated. The President is throwing gasoline on the fire on our southern border, and that needs to stop. Thank goodness a Federal judge recognized that, and at least the process temporarily has been halted. 
The answer, though, is to enforce existing law, protect and defend our border, as all of us were sworn to do when we took that oath of office. That is the type of reform that is needed. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). 
my friend from New York, the ranking member, for the time. 
with some good news that should make us all very comfortable. We have received an intelligence dispatch from ISIS and ISIL, and the good news is that they have decided to finance their 
terrorist attacks against the United States and the people of the United States based on a continuing resolution, based on shortterm funding. They are going to finance the hijacking of airplanes, attacks on Americans, attacks on our Embassies on a 3week spending resolution. 
House Republicans are doing to our Department of Homeland Security. 
people, and it undermines our homeland security. This is not a game, Mr. Speaker. Three terrorists in Brooklyn were arrested yesterday. They were planning to do three things: one, they were planning to hijack airplanes; two, they were planning to kill cops; and three, they were planning to assassinate the President. There is one department in the Federal agencies that protects us from hijacking airplanes, assassinating the President, and helps protect us from killing cops. It is the Department of Homeland Security. 
these terrorist attacks based on kicking the can in their budgets. They were planning those terrorist attacks based on doing whatever it took at whatever the cost to inflict harm on this country. 
the face of that threat? They are kicking the can with 3week spending resolutions because they disagree with the President on an executive order on immigration. They have the right to their disagreements, Mr. Speaker. If you don’t like immigration, debate it. If you don’t like an executive order, oppose it. But do not undermine the safety of the American people by weakening the Department of Homeland Security with shortterm funding resolutions while our terrorist opponents and enemies are financing those attacks every single day for as long as it takes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, at this point in time, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA). 
to the well and speak on rules. I think the gentlewoman from New York will almost not recognize me on the House floor in this capacity. But I think this is an extremely important rule, and I think the last two minority Members made the point for me very well, and I would just like to maybe comment on it for just a moment. 
that I have cosponsored and I am cosponsoring legislation with. He and I agree on a great deal. He talked about the question of whether this was American to do what we are doing. Nothing could be more quintessentially American than to say when we have a real difference of opinion between two bodies—in this case the House and the Senate—that we want to provide an opportunity to reconcile those differences and to go to conference, to spend a 
week or two, as necessary, publicly, as the rules require, debating the differences between our visions. 
able to keep us from having any kind of a comment on the President’s acts, which have been ruled by a Federal judge as unlawful and unconstitutional. 
on you’’ by my other colleague, and I really can’t understand that. He knows that there is a real difference of opinion in this body between what the President can do and what he is doing. He said, and I am paraphrasing: Please don’t shut down the government because you disagree. Just disagree. 
it very clear time and time again that the wrong place to argue with him is on a debt limit, the wrong place to argue is on a budget, and now the wrong place to argue is on our one constitutional absolute, which is the power of the purse. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no more important place to reconcile these differences than when we are debating the power of the purse. The President has said he has the authority. Fine. A Federal judge will decide that. But the House can decide whether or not to fund him. It is our obligation to decide whether or not his spending of the American people’s hardearned money is, in fact, consistent with the best interests of the American people. 
want every aspect of it. I have hardworking farm families in my district who cannot live without an effective solution for an outofcontrol farm labor base. Almost every farm laborer in California either is or was unlawfully in this country at one time. We have held up other immigration waiting to try to get an agreement with the Senate. 
space in our democracy for the healthy debate between the two bodies over the next 3 weeks, then we have shirked our duty. If we simply shut down and give up, we have shirked our duty. If we simply capitulate and fund whatever the President wants—just a blank check—we might as well just say, Spend such funds as you may need to, and go home. That is not what the American people want us to do. They want us to reasonably provide the advice and consent when it comes to appropriation. 
This bill was intended to do it. The 3 
week extension gives the President a full 3 weeks to wage, if you will, his view with the American people, the Senate to do so, but I desperately want the healthy public debate between Members of the House, Members of the Senate, Democrats and Republicans, on what we will do going forward. I would hope my colleagues on the Rules Committee would vote with me, if not on the rule, then certainly on the passage of 3 weeks to give democracy a chance, 
3 weeks for our Republic to do what is 
enshrined in the Constitution, what has been the policy of these two bodies for over 230 years. Provide the 3 weeks, go to conference, publicly debate the differences between the House, the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, the President and, quite frankly, a Federal judge, in front of the American people. 
been working on immigration problems. The President has been President for 6 years; we have been working on immigration problems. Three weeks of healthy debate, nothing could be more appropriate in our great Republic. 
says that we are going to let down the guard on national defense because we are having a healthy debate and we have continued full funding of the Department of Homeland Security simply is not being genuine in the discourse. The fact is, 3 weeks of full funding is exactly the right thing to do. Our enemies will know that we take homeland security seriously, but we also take immigration seriously. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. BURGESS from Texas, said one thing that 
should be repeated in this body every single time we use the word ‘‘immigration’’: America allows more people to come here through the front door not more than just any country in the world but more than all the countries of the world combined. Over 1.2 million people will immigrate to this country legally this year. We are generous beyond any other country in the world. So no one can say we are not proimmigrant. We are. But there are 11 million people in this country who are unaccounted for, and getting it right and spending those dollars wisely is Mr. BURGESS ’ requirement, and it is my requirement. To all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, vote ‘‘yes,’’ make this happen, and we will have a healthy debate in our Republic. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
note we just heard my friend, Mr. I SSA, 
I think reveal what is really going on here. He said, and I think I am quoting him correctly, referencing the President, that we don’t have to fund him. Well, with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, this is not about funding the President. This is about the decision of this body and the Senate, the Republicans in charge, to continue to kick the can down the road and not fund the most essential government function, and that is public safety and national security. 
on here. This is a manufactured, deliberate political crisis intended to deflect attention from the fact that for 7 weeks—7 weeks in session—we have not seen any of the democratic deliberation that my friends on the other side 
have referred to. They could have brought a funding bill in the first week, in the second week, in the third week, in the fourth week, in the fifth week, in the sixth week, or the seventh week that we have been here on the floor of the House. But have they? No. 
On the last day before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, after 7 weeks in session, what do we get? Three weeks of funding. What changes in 3 weeks? What can you do in the next 3 weeks that you have been completely incapable of doing in the last 7 weeks? I don’t see anything changing. 
home worrying about how they work harder every day and can’t seem to get ahead, that they can’t seem to put the money aside to put their kids through college, and they can’t seem to put the money aside to make sure that when they retire they are going to be able to enjoy the fruits of their labor, those are the questions that the American people have. 
the House and the Senate that can’t even seem to act on the simplest question of providing for national security. If they are so concerned, Mr. Speaker, about immigration policy, bring an immigration bill to the floor of the House. Do your job. Legislate on the question of immigration and provide for national defense. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, there is something I will agree with the previous speaker on. I agree this is not about the President. It is about the process. It is about what we have all gone through and said, this is how a bill becomes the law. If we need a reminder, then let’s talk about that. 
that was just said is why we would bring, why, when we have been here for the last 6 weeks bringing spending bills and sending them over—let’s talk about what we did do. January 14, the House approves a fullyear funding bill for DHS. February 3, Senate Democrats vote to block consideration. February 4, Senate Democrats vote again to block consideration. Uh oh, February 5, around Groundhog Day, somewhere in that neighborhood, Senate Democrats vote a third time to block consideration. February 23, in case they forgot, Senate Democrats vote for a fourth time to block consideration. Democrats even prevented themselves from offering amendments to strip the language that they found offensive. 
Mr. Speaker, is there just not a problem being developed here? We find ourselves in a position today because Senate Democrats refuse to be part of the solution. Again, this goes back to basic civics. Let’s work this out. Let’s do what we need to do. This is about giving us time to let the process work. And as the gentleman had said earlier, what could be different? Maybe this will be different. Maybe the Senate Democrats will learn they are in the minority. The American people spoke 
in November, and it is time that we work together to find solutions. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). 
the distinguished gentlewoman from New York. We are here today to do a single job, and that should be to fund fully the Department of Homeland Security. Anything else is an abdication of our responsibility. Anything else is an act of legislative malpractice simply because of the inability of my friends on the other side of the aisle to satisfy the thirst of the extreme rightwing antiimmigration base of the party. So we are playing political games at a time when the safety and the security of the American people are being threatened. 
I know that all too well, Mr. Speaker, because earlier this week the FBI uncovered a plot in Brooklyn in the communities that I represent where individuals sought to impart bombs to the Coney Island neighborhood that I represent. And yet we are here playing games, government by crisis. This, of course, is nothing new: fiscal cliff, sequestration, 16day government shutdown in October of 2013, a flirtation with defaulting on our debt, and now we want to shut down the Department of Homeland Security because my friends on the other side of the aisle can’t get their act together. 
Mr. Speaker. That means the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and the Department of Homeland Security working together. Why would we want to either shut the Department down or create a level of uncertainty where people within the Department of Homeland Security are distracted when we know that the terrorists only have to be right once and where we have to be correct 100 percent of the time in order to protect the American people? 
You claim to be strict constructionists as it relates to the Constitution. We have an article I legislative branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. The Founders said if there is a conflict, if you have got concerns, if you have got constitutional issues, then let the judicial branch work it out. That is what is going on right now. 
taking the American people on another reckless legislative joyride that is simply going to crash and burn, this time affecting the safety and security of the American people. 
They want us to focus on goodpaying jobs. They want us to focus on retirement security, higher education affordability, better childcare, strengthening the middle class and all those 
who aspire to be part of it. They want 
us to further the American Dream. But we are here playing games with their safety and security. It is a shame. 
of the American people. Vote down this rule, and vote down the underlying 3 week reckless extension. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, again, I greatly respect my friends across the aisle, but we do have to understand exactly what we are bringing forward is not a bill we are bringing forward to shut down the government. We are bringing something forward to fund it for the next 3 weeks while we continue to work on a process of getting stuff done. 
We are trying to fight. We had to work on the 529 plan that, frankly, the administration had some issues with. We fixed that here in the House this week. We are working on the problems that matter to kitchen tables around this country. Republicans are doing that, but they are also standing up for what we learned in civics lessons, is that this is the way the legislative process works. 
If I just need to repeat it one more 
time, let’s go through it once more. January 14, the House did its job. It approved a fullyear spending bill. February 3, Senate Democrats voted to block consideration. February 4, Senate Democrats vote again to block consideration. February 5, Senate Democrats vote a third time to block consideration again—as we will go along, as you know, February 23, same story, three times, fourth time removed. 
Democrats even prevented themselves from offering amendments to strip language they found offensive. I guess, after so many years of not being able to offer amendments, they forgot how. They are preventing their own selves from doing this in the Senate. It is time we act. This is the issue that we are dealing with today and will continue to do so. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
thank my good friend from New York for the time; and my good friend, as well, on the Rules Committee, let me thank you for the time. We share time on the Judiciary Committee. He is a good friend. 
In this instance, I vigorously disagree and say that it is about the President. It is about the President on every term, from the Affordable Care Act to his reasoned, constitutionally premised response to the tragedy of undocumented individuals in this country over and over again. It is about the President. It is about the President when there is not one item that the President has put forward that you are 
because I am here today—though I wanted to honor a dear person who is in my district today, and I am not able to be there, I was leaving last night— but because of this immediate crisis and the foolery that is going on, the ignoring of the words of the experts, such as the Secretary of Homeland Security, that says as an initial matter in a letter he sent to all of us, it must be noted that a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for Homeland Security. 
It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. The FBI Director said that there is an ISIS ISIL cell in every State. 
Mr. Speaker, the tomfoolery of Republicans is absurd, that they are willing to play with the lives of Americans, that they are willing to throw under the bus the thousands upon thousands of important, essential, and crucial workers in the Department of Homeland Security. The FBI said, under this new fusion of work together, that the Department of Homeland Security is crucial. 
to my staff and asking, What is going to happen in Houston—a place where, when we were in the midst of 9/11, there were rumors about planes going to the energy sector. 
in. I demand that we vote for a clean DHS bill that is coming from the Senate. This is foolish. This is outrageous. I cannot understand what is going on with Republicans that they are, in essence, killing us here in this House. This is absurd. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate my colleague from Texas— but I think the wellreasoned response of the administration to the issue that is going on, I think there just happens to be a contrary opinion found in a Federal judge in Texas, so maybe so much for the wellreasoned opinion. 
went through regular order to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, but in keeping with our constitutional right, we elected to not fund the President’s executive amnesty. 
President, that is clear. He supports amnesty; we support the rule of law. Let’s debate that. HARRY REIDand the 
President want to play games and, in doing so, are jeopardizing America’s security to win political points. It is sad. 
of Homeland Security. We have not funded the President’s illegal actions. 
Now, Democrats are playing politics with it. This is not the time or place. This is about funding the Department of Homeland Security, which we have done. Now, Senate Democrats are playing political gamesmanship to defend his executive amnesty. 
Department of Homeland Security in peril to defend an illegal action taken by this President. We have passed a bill that funds every aspect of the Department of Homeland Security, except for the President’s illegal actions. That is a reasonable stand to make. 
couldn’t do more than 20 times. He said he couldn’t do what he did. He went outside the bounds of the Constitution to make law that was politically expedient, in his point of view. He didn’t work with the legislative branch. He went outside of it. We disagree with that action. We have the power of the purse. It is our responsibility to appropriate money and to make law. 
The House has funded the Department of Homeland Security, and we have responsibility to go through regular order to do so. We did that. HARRY  
Let’s pass this rule. Let’s pass this bill. Let’s fund the Department of Homeland Security. Let’s stop playing political brinksmanship. 
Chair asks Members to refrain from making improper references to the President. 
The Department of Homeland Security will run out of money and shut down tonight. House Democrats, Senate Democrats, the White House, and Senate Republicans all agree on what to do to pass the bipartisan bill to fully fund the Department for the rest of the fiscal year. 
House of Representatives is the only one standing in the way. Our next vote on ordering the previous question will be a vote on whether to continue down that dangerous path or to govern responsibly and to put our national security ahead of partisan politics. 
distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member on Appropriations, to discuss how essential it is that we pass a clean full year appropriations bill. 
today to urge this House to immediately take up and pass a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
on the pending rule, we can immediately make in order a clean Homeland Security bill and stop the theatrics over the President’s use of executive orders. My colleague Ms. ROYBAL  
ALLARD and I made several similar attempts, which were unfortunately defeated on partyline votes. 
on the other side of the aisle are now 
prepared to end this standoff with only hours left before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down. Republicans are playing a dangerous game with our security. 
the Appropriations Committee, I was involved in the bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on the omnibus spending bill that passed the House and Senate and was signed by the President last December. 
all 12 annual spending bills because all 12 were negotiated in conference—bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans— and every one of them was ready to go; but an unfortunate decision was made by the leadership of this body to omit the Homeland Security bill, not because there were outstanding issues or continued disputes. 
That bill was stripped from the omnibus because some in this body were upset by the President’s executive order on immigration. They even admitted the President’s actions had little to do with the Homeland Security Appropriations bill, yet that was the choice that was made on how to proceed. 
The Homeland Security Appropriations bill was forced to operate under a continuing resolution instead of having a fullyear bill. Ironically, it meant that the Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, two of the agencies tasked with defending our borders and enforcing our immigration laws, had to do without the nearly $1 billion increase they would have gotten under the full year bill. 
Department’s ability to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative, designed to improve coordination in our security missions; limits the ability of the Secretary to move ahead with the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign; creates uncertainty regarding ICE’s capacity to detain and deport dangerous criminals; complicates the Department’s ability to deal with another influx of unaccompanied children at our border stations; delays implementation of the new security upgrades at the White House and hiring increases of the U.S. Secret Service; and delays terrorism preparedness and response grants for State and local public safety personnel. 
I do understand that many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle feel quite strongly about the President’s use of executive orders on immigration policy; but do they have the courage of their convictions to look the first responders they represent in the eye and tell them that they are holding up critical assistance to firefighters, law enforcement, EMTs, and emergency managers because of an ideological fight over immigration? My friends, this is disgraceful. This is 
irresponsible. The Homeland Security bill should never have been held hostage. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
until the Republican shutdown, hasn’t this gone on long enough? Isn’t it time to abandon this failed strategy and pass a clean fullyear bill? 
to join me today in defeating the previous question so that my colleague, Ms. SLAUGHTER , can offer an amendment to provide a clean fullyear appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
asked, Mr. Speaker, on the floor is: Do we have the courage to tell first responders and others that we will fund and put forward a bill to keep funding going for 3 years? The answer is a resounding ‘‘yes.’’ 
across the aisle: Do you have the courage to tell them that, this afternoon, you are going to vote ‘‘no?’’ That is the better question. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
ought to have the courage to do is to tell all our Homeland Security personnel, We are going to fund you through the end of this year, as we have told every other employee in the Federal Government that is protecting us and serving us on a daytoday basis. 
to the American people in a pledge to America: 
We will end the practice of packaging unpopular bills with ‘‘mustpass’’ legislation. 
Homeland Security is a mustpass piece of legislation, legislation to circumvent the will of the American people. 
chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, said this: ‘‘If a clean bill comes here, as we expect to happen in just a few hours, we have to accept and vote on it.’’ He then said, in reference to this culdesac strategy that the majority party is following of continuing to go into a dead end, he said this, PETER KING: ‘‘I think up to this point, 
we’ve engaged in an exercise of tactical malpractice. Selfdelusion is selfdestructive.’’ There is not a Republican in this 
House who believes this strategy will do anything but run them back into that culdesac that they went into in December, at the expense of the confidence of Americans that their Department of Homeland Security, tasked to make them safe, tasked to provide for the security of this Nation, will, in fact, be operating on a full basis. 
Secretary Jeh Johnson and read this key excerpt from it. Secretary Johnson said: ‘‘Finally, as I have noted many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts’’—outlined in this letter. ‘‘A shortterm continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown.’’ 
that we ought to do the responsible thing, as PETER KINGhas said, vote 
against the previous question. Vote for a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senatepassed bill, which they, 98–2, decided to put on the floor because they thought it was good policy. 
many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A shortterm continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ 
MCCONNELL , MINORITY LEADER REID, ANDMINORITY LEADER PELOSI : 
to pass a clean, fullyear appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. As you know, our funding expires tomorrow at midnight. I write to explain to Members of Congress the real and substantial consequences of a failure to pass a fullyear appropriations bill by that deadline. 
As an initial matter, it must be noted that 
a potential shutdown of the Department comes at a particularly challenging time for homeland security. It is stunning that we must even contemplate a shutdown of the Department in the current global context. The global terrorist threat has become more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organizations are now openly calling for attacks on Western targets. Yesterday’s arrests in New York City highlight the threat of independent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. We are working hard to stay one step ahead of potential threats to aviation security. Last year at this time, the spike in migrant children began to appear at our border; we are deployed to prevent this situation from recurring, and to address it aggressively if it does. The Nation is in the midst of a very cold, harsh winter, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is working with states impacted by record snowfalls. 
homeland security if the Department’s funding lapses and we shut down: 
First, about 170,000 employees will be required to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown. This includes our Coast Guard, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, Transportation Security Administration officers, and 
others on the front lines of our homeland security. These working men and women depend on biweekly paychecks to make ends meet for themselves and their families. For them, personally, work without pay is disruptive and demoralizing. Even worse for our people are the public statements by some that make light of a shutdown, which disregards DHS employees’ personal sacrifices and dedication to our Nation’s security. 
women of the Department must be furloughed and sent home without pay. Our financial management, human resources, procurement and contracting, and information technology teams—the institutional backbone of the Department—will be reduced by 90 percent, from over 2,000 to just 208 people. My own immediate headquarters staff will be cut by about 87 percent. Our Science and Technology team, which is intensely focused on developing nonmetallic explosive detection capabilities as well as other technologies to counter threats to aviation, will be cut 94 percent, from 448 to 26 people. Our Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, which is our Nation’s primary research and development lead for development of advanced nuclear detection technologies and technical forensic capabilities, will also be cut 94 percent, from 121 to just 7 people. 
Third, contracting services across the Department, including those for critical mission support activities, will be disrupted and/ or interrupted altogether. Depending upon the length of a shutdown, contract awards and major acquisitions could be impacted. In the event of a shutdown, negotiations to construct the United States Coast Guard’s 8th National Security Cutter will be delayed, potentially leading to an increase in costs. 
Fourth, our $2.5 billionayear grantmaking to state, local, tribal, and territorial governments, to assist them in preventing, responding to or recovering from terrorist attacks, major disasters and other emergencies, remains at a standstill (it has already stopped because the Department is currently funded by a Continuing Resolution). Of particular note, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Emergency Management Performance Grants, which contribute 50 percent of the salaries of state and local emergency management personnel, cannot be funded. 
payments to communities affected by previous disasters will grind to a halt. Though these payments are funded with prioryear money, the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s staff that processes them must be furloughed. 
Sixth, depending upon the length of a shutdown, DHS will no longer be able to support state and local authorities with planning, safety, and security resources for special security events such as the Boston and Chicago Marathons. 
shutdown, work to complete construction of the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility in Kansas, which will replace the aging 1950s era Plum Island facility in New York, could be disrupted. 
must be halted, disrupting critical missions to secure the border, protect millions of daily airline passengers, strengthen security at the White House, and deploy new ICE investigators. Routine attrition hiring would cease across the Department, seriously undermining our homeland security frontline staffing needs. Our plans to increase CBP staffing at our ports of entry by 2,000 officers, and to maintain the Transportation Security Administration’s workforce of airport screeners and air marshals will be undermined. Our plans to hire additional Secret Service uniformed officers and special agents 
Federal Law ‘‘Enforcement Training Centers’’ will cease. Up to 2,000 local, state, and federal law enforcement trainees from across the country will be sent home. 
extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A short term continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
I urge Congress, as soon as possible, to pass 
a clean, fullyear Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
I inquire if the gentleman from Georgia has any further speakers? I am ready to close if he does not. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank the gentleman. Then I shall close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this intraparty dysfunction, governing from crisis to crisis and selfinflicted wounds, must come to an end. Our Nation’s very security is at stake, and the American people are crying out for stability, for certainty, and for responsible government. Let’s give them that. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying rule and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
morning discussing what we could do, what we not do, and what we have done, and, actually, the fact and the process of the House doing its job again and the Senate Democrats not doing theirs. It is just very frustrating. 
I tell you, from a Republican standpoint, this is about administration. This is about a time in which we are confronting, in which there is honest debate on both sides, but when it comes down to the bottom line, it has been very true over the course of these first 7, 8 weeks here that one party is putting forward an agenda that says that moms and dads and kids matter, that the rule of law matters, that things are to operate in a certain way, and they are operating in the way that we grew up knowing civics from our Founders that had a Constitution that laid out the path. What is interesting right now is that 
really, right now, the House Republicans, for the second time, are providing a path to keep the Department of Homeland Security open for business while the judge, Federal judge, has said the administration cannot go forward 
on their executive amnesty memo, which means it is not happening right now. So the question really becomes— and I don’t think this can be stated enough, because when people are out there looking to Washington, they are wanting to know: Are you thinking about me? Are you thinking about what is going on? Are you thinking about what we need to fund in the days that people get up and they know that their country is fighting for them? 
So I just want to make it very clear. 
We said, ‘‘for the second time.’’ This is the second time because the first time happened on January 14. The House approved a fullyear funding package for DHS, and yes, said this is what we do not like and will not fund, but this is a part of the process. 
Democrats vote for a third time to block consideration. 
home run. We will touch all the bases. Senate Democrats refuse, for the fourth time, to block consideration. 
Democrats even prevented themselves from offering amendments to strip language they found offensive. We are here today because the Senate Democrats refused to be part of the solution. 
So as I go forward and as I look at 
this, there has to be an understanding of this today—and it was said earlier and I made the point, but I am going to make it one more time today—a solution is being put forward. There is no one putting forward a bill to shut anything down. The bill that is being put forward is to fund for 3 more weeks. 
other side of the aisle, any Democrat who wants to vote ‘‘no’’ on this funding bill, you are voting to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Is that what you want to tell the American people? 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 129 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule 
[a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
House Republican leadership has stepped in to thwart the agreement reached in the Senate to fund the Homeland Security Department. As we all know, funding for these critical activities runs out tonight at midnight. 
the clean bill that would fund the Department for the remainder of this fiscal year, the House has come up with a new plan, a plan to string this mess out even further—the new plan, to pass yet another continuing resolution, 150 days into this fiscal year. This is really discouraging. 
House leadership has decided now would be a good time to formally request a conference committee be convened on the controversial immigration riders passed by the House bill and the Senate’s clean bill. 
As hard as it is to believe, they really 
think requesting a conference with the Senate, on the very day funding expires, is reasonable. I could not disagree more. 
I understand that many of my colleagues disagree vehemently with the President’s executive actions on immigration policy. I understand that many of those same Members believe strongly that they should fight the President through the power of the purse, the appropriations process. 
What I don’t understand is how a decision could be made to wreak havoc on one of the most important agencies in the Federal Government, the agency tasked with protecting our Nation’s homeland, over policies related to an agency that isn’t even directly funded in this appropriations bill. 
agencies that are funded through the Department of Homeland Security are hamstrung, forced to live at last year’s levels and under last year’s terms. 
and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the agencies tasked with defending our borders and enforcing our immigration laws, have to do without the nearly $1 billion increase they would get under the fullyear bill. 
path—and I want to remind my friends that this Homeland Security bill was negotiated right here between Democrats and Republicans, a bipartisan bill; but, right now, instead of pursuing the bipartisan path the Senate has chosen, the House leadership has chosen yet another punt. 
bill, the House plan would delay terrorism preparedness and response grants for State and local public safety personnel, potentially leaving FEMA with insufficient time to get those grants out before funding expires. 
It would limit the Department’s ability to advance the Secretary’s unity of effort initiative, designed to improve coordination in our security missions; limit the ability of the Secretary to move ahead with the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign; create uncertainty regarding ICE’s capability to detain and deport dangerous criminals; complicate the Department’s ability to deal with another influx of unaccompanied children at our border; and delay implementation of new security upgrades at the White House and necessary hiring at the U.S. Secret Service. 
I am mystified. I can’t understand the wisdom of this strategy. 
upset with the President. I understand how much easier it is to take out your frustrations on the appropriations process, instead of through debate on an immigration policy bill, and we 
know we must have a serious debate on immigration policy. 
I support comprehensive immigration reform; but why should we would do this in such an inappropriate way through the appropriations process? Don’t take out your frustrations on the appropriations process instead of a thorough debate on the immigration policy bill. 
agree with me that this has gone on long enough. It is not rational to punish firefighters, EMTs, police officers, emergency managers you represent because of immigration policy. It is not rational to hamstring U.S. Customs and Border Protection or Immigration and Customs Enforcement because you are mad at the President. 
We are adults. I left my eight grandchildren home. We are adults, I hope, in this body. It is not rational to fund an important government department week by week. 
House gets serious by immediately taking up and passing the clean bipartisan bill, as the Senate has done. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). 
New York is a good friend, and I respect her so much. She asks some important questions that the House has to answer. She has been here a good while. I have been here a good while. 
fashion? First of all, the House, we are trying to get to regular order. The Congress has not passed a budget, hasn’t passed most appropriations. We live from CR to CR. There has been such instability in this institution. 
opportunity, and I believe it is within the hour that the other body may act— or have they acted? They have had this question before them for a long time; but, here, we have the possibility of going to a conference. 
issue in which the President himself has said, I think, 22 times, that he doesn’t have the authority to do what he did. The courts have upheld the position that we have or at least put a stay on the President’s action. This is a very important issue because it affects the entire Nation. 
want to keep the government open. We want national security and homeland security to move forward. We are offering that and also the opportunity for a little bit of time to go to regular order to make the process work. 
Why shouldn’t the House of Representatives have the opportunity to sit down with the Senate and work out the differences and honor the law that we passed and the President is abusing? 
think we need to do this in regular order, and there is good reason to act in the fashion that Republicans are advocating. 
Chair will remind all Members to refrain from inappropriate references to the President. 
clarification, because my friend asked some fair questions, but maybe the gentleman is not aware that the appropriations process concluded 12 bills in a bipartisan way. Democrats and Republicans worked together. 
However, back in December, on probably one of the key bills at this time, when we are threatened, when terrorists worry my constituents—they worry about whether they should go to the mall; they worry about their daily activities. So when my good friend, the gentleman from Florida, just spoke about regular order, check the appropriations process. 
bill through the subcommittee, but it was held up. The gentleman will have to ask his colleagues on his side of the aisle why the Homeland Security bill was not part of the entire omnibus, why we had to invent this CR/Omnibus so we could leave out Homeland Security. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD ), the 
Speaker, in December of 2014, as leverage against the President’s immigration executive action, the Republican leadership irresponsibly decided to hold hostage the 2015 funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
this House is no closer to addressing the Homeland Security funding needs of this country than it was last December. Instead, the Republican leadership is proposing to, once again, kick the can down the road, this time for another 3 weeks. 
The serious consequences of the Republican majority’s inability to responsibly lead on behalf of the American people will, once again, leave the Department without the 2015 funding levels it needs to effectively fulfill its mission of protecting our homeland. 
by continuing to delay resolving this crisis, a crisis of the House Republicans’ own making? Does anyone really think circumstances will be any different 3 weeks from now? The judicial review of the President’s executive actions will not be resolved in 3 weeks. The only circumstances that will be different in 3 weeks is that much will be lost. Republicans cannot continue to 
block the Department of Homeland Security funding for 2015 without undermining the national security of this country. 
We should not fool ourselves into believing that the Department of Homeland Security has been doing just fine under the continuing resolution or that there would be no further consequences if we forced the Department to keep living with the uncertainty of a continuing resolution for even another day, much less 3 more weeks. 
have warned that passing another CR will not address the uncertainty of being able to meet our longterm national security needs. 
letter to the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate, warning of the dangers of either a funding lapse or another shortterm continuing resolution. To quote the Secretary, a ‘‘mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts’’ of a shutdown. It ‘‘exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now.’’ The Secretary ends his letter by saying, ‘‘the American people are counting on us.’’ 
counting on us; and so far, the Republican majority in the House has let them down. 
the Congress to work its will on policy issues without resorting to funding lapses or continuing resolutions, which represent the complete and utter abdication of Congress’ obligation to effectively govern. 
a bill that was agreed upon by both Democrats and Republicans, and that will enable the Department to move forward on the critical planning that is needed to protect our country now and in the future. Let us do the responsible thing and bring that bill to a vote so that our country can truly be protected, by funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
Madam Speaker, let’s review something. Let’s just review briefly where we are and why we are here. 
the Department of Homeland Security maybe 3 weeks ago in order to give the Senate enough time to consider it and take appropriate action. So the House acted 3 weeks ago and sent the bill to the Senate. 
refused to allow that bill to be brought before the Senate four different times over 3 weeks. Now who is to blame for not funding the Department of Homeland Security? The House has tried. The Senate refused to act, until finally this morning, the Senate took up a clean funding bill for Homeland and passed it. So here is where we are. The House 
has passed a bill. The Senate now has passed a bill, finally. So what do you normally do? What is the procedure of the Congress when both bodies pass a bill that is different from each other? You go to conference. We have done that from time immemorial. That is the recommended way. That is what is in the Constitution. 
is going to take some time. So we need some time to allow the conference to go to work and conclude this problem and work out the differences. Thus, we need this temporary funding bill for the Department, to keep the security of the Nation intact through the Department of Homeland Security while we work out the permanent funding for the Department for the balance of the year. 
That is where we are. It is fairly simple. I don’t know any other way to do it. Perhaps our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have a better idea about how to reconcile the differences between the House and Senate, other than a regular conference committee. 
A lot of Members of this body are so 
new to the process that they have never seen or know what a conference with the Senate is. And I think there is some confusion in that regard because people in this body, new to the process over the last 4 or 5 years, have never 
this temporary funding bill for the Department and allow the conference committee to go to work. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), my good friend, the former 
chair of the Homeland Security Subcommittee who was a key person in negotiating the bipartisan Homeland Security bill, which could have been part of the omnibus in December, and we wouldn’t have been involved in these kinds of dangerous games. 
suggests, the account of the history of this bill that Chairman ROGERS has 
just given needs to go back a bit further. The original failure in this case was in December. Today we are voting on a 3week continuing resolution. I rise in opposition to that. 
But this is only the latest manifestation of the majority’s failure to govern this institution and to get the funding in place for the Homeland Security Department for the full fiscal year. The initial failure was in December. That is what we need to look back to and understand that it was a profound mistake to leave Homeland Security out of the omnibus appropriations bill. 
This Department, and this Department alone, was put on a 3month continuing resolution, rather than including the bicameral, bipartisan, negotiated Homeland Security bill that is the equivalent of a conference report. 
a conference report. We already have our conference report. It is an agreed upon bill that the majority deliberately left out of the omnibus bill in December. 
it for political purposes, because they didn’t like what the President was doing on immigration. They wanted to poke him in the eye. They wanted to add these riders enacting a radical antiimmigration policy, and they were willing to sacrifice regular funding for the Homeland Security Department in order to pursue their political objective. 
than the regular negotiated bill, they sacrificed increased funding for things they profess to care about. They are supposedly all about border security. They are all about immigration enforcement. And those very things were reduced by virtue of their failure to accept the negotiated bill, going down the road with a continuing resolution. 
month clock has run out, and here we are again. And today, we are about to compound December’s failure by passing a 3week CR, which doesn’t solve the Department’s basic problems but, in fact, just postpones the day of reckoning by a few weeks. 
has shown the way here. They have resisted the Tea Party siren, this desire to make the Homeland Security bill a vehicle for radical antiimmigration policy. The Senate will soon be passing the negotiated Homeland Security bill, the same bicameral, bipartisan, negotiated bill which we should have approved in December. 
has made very, very clear that a continuing resolution is not an acceptable way to run this Department. State and local terrorism prevention and response grants will be held up, for example. For my State of North Carolina, that means $9 million in emergency management preparedness grants. It means $5.5 million in state grants. That is true of every State in this Union. The security upgrades at the White House are also on hold. The acquisition of the Coast Guard’s eighth National Security Cutter is on hold. Construction of the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility out in Kansas is on hold. 
it says: It is a continued resolution which does not permit us to make the upgrades, to undertake the innovations, or to make the grants that our homeland security requires. 
to follow the lead of the Senate and put that negotiated, bipartisan Homeland Security bill on the floor. So here we 
are, stuck with an inferior proposal, a 3week continuing resolution which doesn’t do the job. We should reject this. 
do we go from here? Where does this end? Some kind of conference? We already have a conference report. It is the bipartisan Homeland Security bill. 
on the floor, and it would pass in a heartbeat. That is what the majority needs to do, not this 3week holding action. We need to pass that negotiated bill and keep the Homeland Security Department functioning at full strength. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), the chairman of the 
Speaker, history is something we ought to try to get right. So we have heard some versions of history here. But let’s talk about exactly why we are here today. We are here today because, yes, the Appropriations Committee in a bipartisan effort put together a whole series of bills to fund this government, one of which is the Homeland Security bill. It is a good bill. I agree with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. It is a good bill. I am proud to have had a part in that. 
But there is a piece of history that is 
missing in this discussion. Right after the last election, the President—well, we don’t want to talk about the President—the administration stepped forward and said, well, the legislature hasn’t changed the immigration laws, so the administration is going to change the immigration laws. 
Without any action of the legislature, they are going to ignore laws that are on the books and in some cases have been on the books for generations, and they are going to do what they want to do for immigration reform, which includes the proposal that somewhere between 4 and 6 million people who are in this country illegally would be allowed to be in this country, with other benefits added to those. So that intervening cause is why all of a sudden the people of the United States said: Wait a minute, this is not following the Constitution. This is not the way our government is supposed to run. 
with a guy named King George to not have a king in this country who would just do it without legislative process. We fought a war to make sure that we follow the legislative process. The people who are in charge of enforcing the law, the executive branch, should be 
a tidal wave of people who were very concerned about the action. So in an effort to try to engage that fight, we came up with what has been referenced here as the CR/Omnibus, and we withheld the Homeland Security bill as the instrument to go fight forward on. 
Now, once again, I say it is a great 
bill. But the decision was made, and here we are. Now, we passed this bill with amendments that take on the actions of the executive and sent it to the Senate 3 weeks ago. Someone said once that is the greatest deliberative body on Earth. Well, it may be, but this spring here, this early spring, they haven’t deliberated. In fact, they haven’t taken action at all, because each time the Republican leadership in the Senate said, let’s go have a discussion, let’s go on the floor and have a debate, and we will accept amendments, let’s go have a debate, the Democrat minority said, no, we won’t have a debate. Four times they said no; under their rule, we won’t have a debate. 
didn’t do what the Democrats did when they ran the Senate and just waive the rules that Thomas Jefferson wrote a couple hundred years ago. No, they followed the rules. So there was no discussion in the greatest deliberative body on Earth of this particular problem. 
Now, are we funded now in our Department? Yes, we are. We have heard cries from the other side, you are leaving this country in jeopardy because you are not—if we close the Department—which I do not want to do—if we close down the Department, you put us at risk from terrorists. 
are right. Let’s don’t close down the Department. Three weeks ago we sent it to them. We are getting in a few minutes the results of their work product over there. Quite honestly, we have a dispute with them. 
there are many in this body who have never even seen a conference committee because since 2006, this has not been something we have done very regularly in this body. But, quite honestly, the way we do this, to resolve differences, is go to a conference committee. 
Speaker, is help us keep the government open for 3 weeks—kind of the same 3 weeks they had to hang around and never go to work in the Senate— let us have 3 weeks and go to conference like we are supposed to and see if we cannot work out the differences we have between the two bodies. Now, how unreasonable is this? 
are worried about those terrorists attacks which are looming over the horizon, which very, very may well be, then you had better vote to continue this 
vote on this particular resolution keeping the government open will shut the government, and when the government closes, all those terrible things are going to happen. So you don’t want to have the responsibility of voting ‘‘no’’ to keep the government open and let the government close and then face the fact that the terrorists may be looming in the wings. 
Let’s pass the CR. Do it like we are 
supposed to, go to conference, work it out in the 3 weeks that the Senate had, and see if we can’t resolve this issue— an issue that was started by the executive branch in their November surprise. 
so privileged to serve on the Appropriations Committee with the gentleman from Texas, who did an excellent job working in a bipartisan way completing a Homeland Security bill that we thought would be part of the omnibus bill so the Homeland Security Department would be funded for a year. 
today, and I do hope we can get past it and pass a Homeland Security bill for the next year immediately so that we don’t have even a small potential of shutting down the government. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York has 13 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished 
Madam Speaker, I join her in thanking Mr. C ARTER and Mr. R OGERS for 
bringing to the floor in December a Homeland Security bill that was appropriate and that funded at the levels that were agreed upon by both parties. All we are asking is that we pass Mr. CARTER ’s and Mr. R OGERS ’ bill. 
The Republicans pledged to not mingle controversial issues and allow each issue to stand on its own merits or demerits. That was their pledge to America in 2010. This action is inconsistent with that pledge. 
Speaker, 68–31 to pass the Rogers LoweyMikulskiShelby bill. This is not a partisan bill that we are arguing about. This is the bill that we have agreed upon, Republicans and Democrats—and we can’t even pass that— with the knowledge that if we do not, the future funding of America’s homeland security will still be in question. 
Yes, we can do it for 3 weeks. I call it 
our culdesac strategy, going into a culdesac over and over and over again and feeling somehow a pathway is going to open. The Senate is now voting on the Collins amendment. Now, as I understand the strategy of the Republican Party in the House, Madam Speaker, it is to add the bill that has been rejected four times on the floor of the United States Senate. They went in the culdesac once, it didn’t open up. 
They went in the culdesac twice, it didn’t open up. They went in the cul desac a third, fourth time, it didn’t open up. And now the proposal is to go into that culdesac a fifth time while we focus on whether or not we are going to fund Homeland Security, not on the objectives of homeland security. 
Republicans and Democrats who have all said not funding the Homeland Security Department now for the balance of the year is—Mr. ROGERS didn’t quote 
this, he was talking about sequester— is illconceived and wrong. I therefore, Madam Speaker, urge my colleagues to vote against this shortterm CR and to vote for the Senate bill that will be sent to us in just a short period of time, today, which passed the United States Senate with over a twothirds vote. Democrats only have 46 Members, so almost a majority of the Republicans are voting for it as well. 
Madam Speaker, that is the responsible thing to do. That is the right thing to do. That is the regular order to do. Let’s do it. Let’s put aside our partisan differences and our partisan strategies and vote as Americans to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the balance of the year. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR), a 
apologies to all of the employees of the Homeland Security Department. In watching this, I hope that they understand what is really going on. This is not a battle about the process, the gamesmanship that we need time to work out at conference. We don’t go to conference on a brink of a disaster. We have had a year to deal with this. In fact, we passed this bill. 
mole with the President. They sue him; they say they don’t want to support any of his proposals; they cut, squeeze, and trim his appropriations; and they hold up his government appointments. But now the real story shifts when we see that the Republicans in this House even more than disliking the President dislike the Senate. 
immigration bill which we could have passed. There were enough votes if we had brought that to the floor to pass it. If we had passed that comprehensive immigration bill, we wouldn’t even be here today. This wouldn’t even be a discussion. 
The irony for all you Homeland Security employees is that the House is taking care of itself. The leadership, 
with their details and all of the wonderful Capitol Police we have around here, they are all taken care of because we don’t pay for them out of our Homeland Security bill; we pay for them out of our own legislative branch bill, and that was passed. So our security is fine. But the security of the rest of the Nation is in jeopardy. 
just passed a bill, we bring that to the floor, it takes the votes, 218. We have got at least all but 30 on this side, 30 Republicans. Mr. Speaker, let your Republicans go. Let them come to the floor and vote on a clean bill. We could pass it before this afternoon. That bill would be in the White House tonight, and we could go home and sleep knowing that this Nation’s security is in good hands. Stop playing games. 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE). 
Madam Speaker, it is really important that the American people understand what is happening here. It is pretty clear here. The Republican majority in the House and perhaps in the Senate disagree with the President on immigration policy. So they have two really clear choices. One would be to do what they somehow have been unable to do despite promises of a prolific period of legislation in the first couple of months here in Congress. Despite that, 7 weeks later we haven’t seen anything that looks like an immigration bill. 
So rather than using this magnificent process of democracy that the Framers designed for us to determine policy, the Republicans in Congress— really the Republicans in the House— have decided to threaten the shutdown of an essential government function— national security and public safety—in order to extract concessions on policy that they are unwilling to submit to the legislative process. 
that determines for this country what our immigration policy ought to be and, in the meantime, fund the essential functions of government? To not do so, there are consequences. This is not an academic exercise. There are consequences. 
weeks? After 7 weeks of coming to the floor of the House in session, why couldn’t we come up with this compromise with the Senate, with whom you share partisan majority? Why can’t we have a real debate on immigration policy on the floor of the House of Representatives without having to threaten to close down the essential function of government? 
said, That is not what we are doing— except that that is what you are doing. Words are cheap, Madam Speaker. 
this Department, like your colleagues in the Senate have done, and you continue to hold out. 
time for us to get back to the serious business of the American people and pass a clean bill to fund this essential function. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
There it is. That is the bill the Senate finally passed. It has been 6 weeks—I said 3 weeks, earlier. I am corrected. 
It is 6 weeks that the House passed a 
funding bill for the Homeland Security Department, 6 weeks ago, sent it to the Senate, purposefully early, to give 
them plenty of time to consider and bring forward a funding bill of their own. 
tried. The Democrats in the Senate stopped consideration of that spending bill four different times over 6 weeks. In the meantime, the House had to sit here waiting for the Senate, and we have been waiting 6 weeks, until just now. 
passed a bill funding the Department for the balance of the year, which differs from the Housepassed version of that bill, so we have got to go to conference. 
things up. When the House does something and the Senate does something different on the same subject, you have got to bring them together into a conference to work out the differences and come up with a bill for the President to sign. That is where we are. 
Finally, now, we can go to conference. We could not have earlier because the Senate had not passed the bill. Now, we can go to conference, and we will be asking the Speaker for that designation today. 
In the meantime, we can’t let the Department stop working. Consequently, we are putting before you a bill to temporarily finance them while we go to conference on the main yearend financing of the Department. That is what this is all about. 
brought the Senate bill and laid it on our desk. Now, it is finally up to us to give the Department a chance to survive and for us to stop the President’s amnesty program. 
not one penny in the bill before us, the temporary bill, the CR, there is not a penny in there to fund Obama’s amnesty program. We are opposed to it, and there is no money in this bill for that purpose. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to state for the record, as 
my good friend from Kentucky is aware, on December 12, the Senate and the House conference committees agreed on a bipartisan, bicameral Homeland Security bill—in December. It could have been implemented with all the other 11 bills. 
I thank the gentlewoman very much, and I thank her for her commonsense explanation. 
Might I say, as a member of the authorizing Committee on Homeland Security, I believe, as we have just heard, that the Senate has passed a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that came out of these appropriators who did excellent work. 
Nation, I ask the Speaker to bring this bill to the floor of the House right now. I do so with headlines like: ‘‘Three Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS.’’ 
I do it in the name of the headlines of 
three arrested in Brooklyn who had intentions to do the Commander in Chief harm and many others harm. I do it 
also in recognition as one of the Members who was there, if you will, in the aftermath of 9/11, who watched the forging of the Department of Homeland Security that put forward Border Patrol agents and TSO agents and ICE agents working with the FBI. All of those individuals will not be funded. 
and women of the Department of Homeland Security: We will not leave you abandoned, but we will vote for a full funding of the Department of Homeland Security. 
refuse to address the national security of this Nation, putting political security over national security. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON), the ranking member of the Homeland Security authorizing committee. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for the time. 
is not in the best interest of the country. It is quite clear that the politics of Homeland Security puts us at risk as a Nation. 
over the last few weeks say that we have to have a fully funded Department—our men and women in the Coast Guard, Customs and Border Protection, and Transportation Security Administration, all those entities on the front line keeping us safe. A 3week CR that kicks the can down the road does not keep us safe. It only says that it is ‘‘politics as usual.’’ 
the over 200,000 men and women who work every day and do a wonderful job, 
they should not be played as pawns in this game of Homeland Security chess. 
we funded every other Department, and get on with the business of securing America. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and congratulate her on her exceptional leadership as the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. 
I also commend our colleague, Congresswoman ROYBAL ALLARD , as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, for her great leadership to protect the American people, to keep American security strong and certain. 
committee, Mr. ROGERS , for the important work that was done leading up to December to have bipartisan legislation, to have an omnibus bill that funded all of the departments of government except, unfortunately, Homeland Security for the full time, and that is really a disappointment because the first thing we do as Members of Congress is to take the oath of office to protect and defend the American people. 
bill that we would fund fully is really shameful. The fact is that the Senate has acted in a strong bipartisan way. 
I always like to talk about time. It is 
about time, it is about the time that has been lost from December until March 19, in terms of what the intentions are of our Republican colleagues here. It is about the time lost, the uncertainty placed on our security. It is so sad. 
Senate, in a very strong bipartisan way, passed a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. The papers are here. We could take it up immediately, send the bill to the President, and the crisis would be over— long overdue, mind you, but, nonetheless, bipartisan and with great certainty. 
Senate Republicans have joined the Senate Democrats for sending this bill over here, House Republicans instead have continued to manufacture a crisis that does not exist but exacerbates the insecurity of our country by their inaction. 
has sent over has the support of every Democrat in the House. The Roybal AllardLowey legislation is cosponsored by every Democrat in the House: full funding for the full term for the Department of Homeland Security. 
on that in terms of the previous question, in terms of a motion to recommit, and in terms of motions to instruct conferees. 
the Speaker to give us a vote on the Senate bill. Give us a vote, Madam Speaker, give us a vote—instead, drip, drip, drip, drip. The Republican leadership is putting forth legislation drip, drip, drip for the resources. 
Now, I want to read the words of the 
Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, who has been a great leader in the position he holds. In his remarks, he goes through all the reasons why a shutdown would be harmful. To those who want a shutdown, read his letter, please. 
As I have so noted many times, mere extension of a continuing resolution has many of the same negative impacts. A shortterm continuing resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from now. 
that we won’t be on the brink of another shutdown in the next few weeks in terms of the legislation they are putting forth? What is the purpose of it? 
If the purpose is to oppose the President’s immigration policy, the court has given you a facesaving way out. If the purpose is to have a better idea about immigration, bring up a bill, but if the purpose is to inject uncertainty into the security of the American people, shame, shame, shame, because it undermines our ability to the American people, it undermines the oath that we all take, and it is really a very sad day. 
weigh the equities, we all want to make sure that the workforce of DHS is fully engaged, employed, and paid. 
I would just like to ask my colleagues who have been advocating for a shutdown or take us to the brink of a shutdown over and over again if they would like to live without being paid as Members of Congress. 
less than Members of Congress. They live paycheck to paycheck. Why are we saying to them, Come to work, 160,000 some of you, don’t get paid, but get paid later? 
may come as a surprise to you—perhaps you do, and maybe that is why you don’t think not getting a paycheck is a big deal. 
home, don’t come anywhere near here and not get paid. 
They have mortgages, rent, car payments, and all the rest. 
What equity could you weigh against security, respect for our workforce, and morale of the people who are on the front lines to protect our homeland security? 
number of years ago, and I was part of it as a member of the leadership to establish the Department of Homeland Security and the Committee on Homeland Security in the House, and hence the Subcommittee on Homeland Security on the Committee on Appropriations. The words were chosen very carefully, ‘‘Homeland Security’’— home—‘‘Homeland Security.’’ 
what this means to their home security. The list is a long one, but I will just do a few things to say that without a full funding bill, without the full year funding bill, DHS cannot award $2.5 billion in grant funding. That means that if you are in an Urban Area Security Initiative area, a place that would be targeted, maybe 40 of the urban areas in our country, $600 million in grants would be withheld. 
management preparedness grants. $350 million in SAFER. SAFER is Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Responses. That is an acronym, SAFER. That means a lot in your neighborhood. $340 million in firefighter assistance grants, $120 million for emergency food and shelter grants, and $100 million in floodrelated grants. All of this hit home, and they hit Homeland Security. 
ramifications in the lives of the American people beyond the workers; beyond the workers, but the people that they work for. 
think another time about this. We have the paper. The bill is here. It has passed in a strong bipartisan way in the Senate. Every House Democrat has endorsed the bill. We will vote for it with the parliamentary options that are available to us. How much better if we all came together, as the Senate Republicans and Democrats did, come together to support certainty in our security? Otherwise, the question is: Why not? Why are you not taking advantage of this great opportunity? The courts saved you face. What happened in Paris added to the urgency. The examples of people being picked up in our own country make matters worse. 
week to week. Let’s get the job done for the American people by doing it right, following the lead of the Senate Republicans and the Senate Democrats. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. I appreciate the concerns we all have about a shutdown of government. We can’t let that happen, but this is not the way to go. 
With that, again, I commend Congresswoman LOWEY , Congresswoman 
for their great leadership on our side. The chairman of the committee, Mr. ROGERS , knows I have a tremendous 
amount of respect for him. I feel sad for him that he is in this situation. I hope that we can get out of it soon. 
Speaker, I am prepared to close. Does the gentlelady have further speakers? 
Mrs. LOWEY. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I will be brief. There is no money in 
this bill to fund the President’s amnesty program. There is money in this bill to keep the Department of Homeland Security’s doors open and in protection of the American people. This will give us time for the bill the Senate just has sent over to us funding the Department; this will give us time to reconcile the differences between the House version and the Senate version, and we will be prepared then to send a bill to that conference committee and, hopefully, then a bill to the President to sign. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, congressional dysfunction is now impacting our nation’s security. 
majority should take up the Senate bill and rise above political security and make national security the priority. 
As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and one who was present in this body on September 11, 2001, it is sobering to think that so many of this body’s members now think terrorism is a political football. 
not for the bravery of those who gave their lives in a field in Pennsylvania many more would have died. 
had United Flight 93 not crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, located 125 miles from Washington, DC, that flight would have reached Washington, DC, between 10:13 and 10:23 on September 11, 2001. 
I went to ground zero in New York while it 
still was burning and workers were trying to recover the remains of victims. 
I am forever grateful to those who risk their 
lives every day to protect this nation—they should be valued and honored. 
chose to bring to the floor a rule for another Continuing Resolution that would extend funding to the Department of Homeland Security for three weeks is without a doubt one of the worst ideas in our nation’s history. 
have they given up—they are adapting, evolving and improving their ability to inflict harm upon America and Americans. 
to terrorists that we are disorganized and ineffective in our resolve to protect our nation and its people. 
Secretary Johnson states in clear terms what is at stake. 
more decentralized and complex. Terrorist organizations are now openly calling on attacks on Western targets. 
shows the terror group calling for an attack on Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota. 
attacked the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya resulting in 60 deaths. 
The arrest this week in New York City highlight the threats posed by independent actors in the homeland who support overseas terrorist organizations and radical ideology. 
in a Denver suburb attempted to depart the country for Syria to join violent extremists, but thanks to the work of our domestic and international security professionals they were intercepted and returned home to the custody of their parents. 
responsibility of the Congress—but Republicans have decided that appeasing antiimmigrant Tea Party extremists is more important than the protecting our homeland. 
needs support for important federal cybersecurity initiatives, disaster relief and recovery programs, and essential law enforcement activities that are critical for ensuring that DHS can help keep our nation safe from harm. 
Boko Haram in Nigeria give heightened urgency to the words of Appropriations Committee Chairman ROGERS that we need to get 
a clean Homeland Security spending bill ‘‘to the president’s desk so we can get a signature funding Homeland Security at a very tedious time in the world.’’ 
If the day ends without Congress taking action, the men and women charged with protecting the homeland will be sent a message that the House does not value 170,000 employees who will be required to work without pay. 
Coast Guard, Border Patrol, Secret Service, Transportation Security Administration and others on the front lines of Homeland Security. 
An additional 30,000 employees of the Department of Homeland Security will be furloughed and sent home without pay. 
including those for critical mission support activities, will be disrupted or interrupted. 
$2.5 billion in grants to state, local, and tribal governments for response capabilities to recover from terrorist attacks, major disasters and other emergencies. 
House inaction is the forgoing of fiscal year 2015 grants that go to first responders. 
In 2014, DHS grants awarded to the city of 
Houston included $24,000,000 from Urban Area Security Initiative grants and $299,995 from the nonprofit program. 
$1,810,826 for Harris County; $845,250 for the City of Houston. Programs intended to aid our fire fighters 
such as the one at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, which received a $1,493,340 DHS research grant last year are being hurt by House inaction on fiscal year 2015 funding for the agency. 
The majority must stop putting political security before national security and take up a clean bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
today to register my disbelief that Republicans are continuing to use funding for the Department of Homeland Security as a political football. Every single member of the Democratic Caucus is a cosponsor of a clean, fullyear funding bill, a bill that would be sure to pass if House leaders were to allow it to come to the floor. Across the Capitol, the Senate has already passed a clean bill. And yet House Republicans continue to insist that their political priorities take precedence over the operations of an agency vital to our national security. 
I am a member of the Committee on Homeland Security. Over the past few weeks, I have heard testimony highlighting the threat that we face from violent extremists, particularly those radicalized in the U.S. I have heard testimony about the pervasiveness of the cyber threat to our nation, particularly to our critical infrastructure. And I have heard how DHS plays a vital role in ensuring we can protect against and respond to these threats. 
homeland security on a threeweek time frame is simply absurd. Republicans created this funding crisis by refusing to approve a bipartisan agreement in December, and Republican action today is prolonging it. I hope that the majority will cease their political gamesmanship well before their new deadline and join with Democrats in passing a clean bill. 
be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. YODER of Kansas (Acting 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, February 26, 2015, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) had been postponed. 
The Chair understands that amendment No. 42 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. B LACK ). It is 
now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall not take effect until the Secretary of Education— 
Act, and the amendments made by this Act, will not decrease the college and career readiness of students who are racial or ethnic minority, students with disabilities, English learners, and lowincome students; and 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) and a 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Madam Chair, the Thompson amendment to the Student Success Act is a commonsense amendment that ensures millions of poor, minority, and disadvantaged students will not be overlooked in the chaos that emanates from this rewrite of our educational policy. 
right. Rather than develop quality standards that improve and enhance our system of education, this body has overlooked the harmful effects of H.R. 5 on funding and equal opportunity for millions of our students. 
provisions required to make sure that children who need the most help will 
actually get help. It is morally unacceptable and extraordinarily expensive to have 14.7 million poor children in our country, 6.5 million of them living at less than half the poverty level. All of these children exceed the combined residents in all 50 State capitals and the District of Columbia. The Thompson amendment protects these populations from discrimination. 
to set standards that ensure vulnerable minority and disadvantaged students will be able to obtain a high school diploma. Our Nation has demonstrated the need for Federal action that forces States to care about the achievement of vulnerable communities. More specifically, in Black communities, the legacy and commitment to education stems from the days of slavery when Blacks learned to read in secret and at risk to their own lives. Even 50 years after Brown v. Board of Education, these communities and schools are still very much segregated. However, the concentration of poverty has become more exacerbated. Research has shown that school districts spend $733 per pupil less at schools that were 90 percent minority compared to the schools that were 90 percent White. 
improve our broken system of education. We must right the wrongs of past education legislation and insert accountability for the learning of historically underserved students. If the goal of H.R. 5 truly is to improve our educational system for vulnerable students and increase their college readiness and career skills set, this amendment should be a nobrainer. 
It directs the Secretary of Education to certify that this law will not adversely impact minorities, students with disabilities, English learners, and students with low income. 
the aisle claim that H.R. 5 will improve outcomes for poor, minority, and disadvantaged students. If so, then a Secretarial determination of this positive impact should be something every Member of this body can support. 
to support amendment 43, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
to thank the gentleman from Mississippi for bringing this amendment forward, although I do oppose it. 
The Student Success Act, the underlying bill, requires—requires—States and school districts to establish academic standards consistent with current law and requires States to establish statewide accountability systems that result in students being prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce when they graduate high school. The proper role of the Federal Government, Madam Chair, is to support and empower State and local innovation so that education leaders are better equipped to meet the needs of our most vulnerable students. It is back to the fundamental question of who do we trust here. We believe very strongly that parents, teachers, principals, superintendents, school boards, and States have a much better understanding of the needs of their students—and this is about students—than Washington does. 
Madam Chair, in taking from the comments from the speaker in opposition, you want the States to certify, but you want the Federal Government to provide the money. 
Government is providing the money, then they should have some oversight as to the overall standards that are adhered to by the program. 
to say that the Secretary of Education has a responsibility to certify that all students will be provided the proper education and other things afforded this act. It is about the certification, and before we spend any money, we have to do that. 
If the State certifies to the Secretary, then that is fine; but if we are saying, as I understand the opposition to this amendment, that we are going to leave that certification to the States without any oversight from the Federal Government—all they want is our money—then that is a poor way to run government. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
the gentleman has underscored the very issue we are talking about. 
is the Secretary of Education’s deciding what the Secretary of Education likes or doesn’t like, what to certify or not to certify, whether to give away or not to give away, whether to provide money or not to provide money. 
in the underlying bill of giving the authority and the responsibility to the States and requiring them to establish standards and assessments to those standards that meet their needs, that you will get a much better result than what we have seen now in year after year after year with the current law, No Child Left Behind, which we have been living under. Republicans and Democrats all agree that No Child Left Behind is not working and must be replaced. 
put our trust—in the people closest to the students. That is what this legislation is about. That is what this debate 
is about. Again, I urge my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment and to support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
educational agency and school improvement; school support and recognition. 
Subtitle A—Access to Voluntary Prekindergarten for Low and ModerateIncome Families 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to ensure that 
all children have a fair, equal, and significant opportunity to obtain a highquality 
education and to graduate ready to succeed in college and the workforce by— 
achieving children in our Nation’s highest poverty schools, English learners, migrant children, children with disabilities, Indian children, and neglected or delinquent children; 
high and lowperforming children, especially between minority and nonminority students and between disadvantaged children and their more advantaged peers; 
agencies, and States accountable for improving the academic achievement for all students including the mastery of content knowledge and the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively, ensuring all students graduate ready to succeed in college and the workforce; 
support local educational agencies and schools with the greatest needs to close the educational opportunity gap between lowincome students and their more affluent peers; 
meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children.’’. 
For the purpose of carrying out part A, there are authorized to be appropriated $30,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years.’’; 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary a plan, developed by the State educational agency, in consultation with representatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, early childhood education providers, parents, community organizations, communities representing underserved populations, and Indian tribes, that satisfies the requirements of this section, and that is coordinated with other programs of this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
plan shall include evidence that the State’s college and career ready content standards, assessments, and achievement standards under this subsection are— 
that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is ontrack to graduate prepared for— 
the State’s public institutions of higher education, placement in creditbearing, nonremedial courses at the 2and 4year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
demonstrate that, not later than the 2015– 2016 school year the State educational agency will adopt and implement highquality, college and career ready content standards that comply with this paragraph. 
agency shall have such highquality, academic content standards for students in kindergarten through grade 12 for, at a minimum, English language arts, math, and science. 
higher education, the business community, and the early learning community; 
benchmarked, and evidencebased, requiring students to demonstrate the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
affirmation from the State’s public institutions of higher education, to ensure that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is ontrack to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(aa) placement in creditbearing, nonremedial courses at the 2and 4year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
through grade 3, reflect progression in how children develop and learn the requisite skills and content from earlier grades (including preschool) to later grades; and 
shall develop and implement statewide, high quality English language proficiency standards that— 
required for success on the State educational agency’s academic content assessments; ‘‘(iii) predict success on the applicable 
‘‘(iv) ensure proficiency in each of the domains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing in the appropriate amount of time; and 
State educational agency shall, in collaboration with the State agencies responsible for overseeing early care and education programs and the State early care and education advisory council, develop and implement early learning standards across all major domains of development for preschoolers that— 
‘‘(ii) are implemented through dissemination, training, and other means to applicable early care and education programs; 
‘‘(iv) inform teaching practices and professional development and services; and 
demonstrate that the State educational agency will adopt and implement highquality assessments in English language arts, math, and science not later than the 2016– 2017 school year that comply with this paragraph. 
adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
‘‘(iii) be developed as part of a system of 
assessments providing data (including individual student achievement data and individual student growth data), that shall be used to improve teaching, learning, and program outcomes; 
‘‘(II) student academic growth; ‘‘(vi) allow for complex demonstrations or 
applications of knowledge and skills including the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(vii) be accessible for all students, including students with disabilities and English learners, by— 
‘‘(viii) provide for accommodations, including for computerbased and online assessments, for students with disabilities and English learners to provide a valid and reliable measure of such students’ achievement; 
‘‘(ix) produce individual student interpretive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to understand and address the specific academic needs of students, and include information regarding achievement on academic assessments, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks as long as such assessments meet the requirements of this subsection. 
the course of the school year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on student achievement for each tested content area in each grade level; 
earlier than 11th grade for students in grades 9 through grade 12; and 
once during grades 3 through 5, grades 6 through 8, and grades 9 through 12. 
Each State educational agency with at least 10,000 English learners, at least 25 percent of which speak the same language that is not English, shall adopt and implement native language assessments for that language consistent with State law. Such assessments shall be for students— 
the student’s native language would likely yield more accurate and reliable information about such student’s content knowledge; 
‘‘(ii) who are literate in the native language and have received formal education in such language; or 
dual language program and the native language assessment is consistent with such program’s language of instruction. 
shall adopt and implement statewide English language proficiency assessments that— 
with the State’s English language proficiency standards and academic content standards; 
‘‘(iii) measure proficiency in reading, listening, speaking, and writing in English both individually and collectively; 
‘‘(iv) assess progress and growth on language and content acquisition; and 
to retest a student in the individual domain areas that the student did not pass, unless the student is newly entering a school in the State, or is in the third, fifth, or eighth grades. 
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assessments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Indian Education receiving funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment, in consultation with and with the approval of, the Secretary of the Interior and consistent with assessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the requirements of this section. 
by a tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment meets the requirements of this section. 
English learners and students with disabilities on the assessments used by the State which may include accommodations such as texttospeech technology or read aloud, braille, large print, calculator, speechto text technology or scribe, extended time, and frequent breaks; 
of such accommodations in maintaining valid results for the appropriate population; and 
‘‘(iii) include evidence that such accommodations do not change the construct intended to be measured by the assessment or the meaning of the resulting scores. 
demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement college and career ready achievement standards in English language arts, math, and science by the 2015–2016 school year that comply with this paragraph. 
alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, such academic achievement standards shall establish, at a minimum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating proficiency in the State’s academic content standards that— 
‘‘(ii) reflect concepts and skills that students should know and understand for each grade; 
State plan shall demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement student growth standards for students in the assessed grades that comply with this subparagraph, as follows: 
For a student who is achieving at the ontarget or advanced level of achievement, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth necessary for the student to remain at that level of student achievement for not less than 3 years. 
‘‘(IV) rates of effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(vi) school climate and conditions for student success, such as— 
‘‘(II) measures of school safety; and ‘‘(III) the condition of school facilities; including accounting for wellequipped instructional spaces; and 
‘‘(iii) to a lesser extent than each of the 
‘‘(II) as of the date of enactment of the 
educational agency shall set a graduation rate goal of not less than 90 percent. 
TARGETS .—In the case of a State that chooses to use an extended year graduation rate in the accountability and school improvement system described under this subsection, the State shall set extended year graduation rate targets that are more rigorous than the targets set under clause (ii) and, if applicable, are not less rigorous than the targets approved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). 
educational agency shall establish fair and appropriate policies and practices, as a component of the accountability system established under this subsection, to measure 
school, local educational agency, and State performance under the accountability system that, at a minimum, comply with this paragraph as follows: 
‘‘(ii) Economically disadvantaged students. ‘‘(iii) Students from major racial and ethnic groups. 
‘‘(ii) does not exceed 15 students; ‘‘(iii) yields statistically reliable information; and 
‘‘(iv) does not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
achievement or as not graduating such students who exceed the cap; 
level of achievement or as not graduating in each applicable subgroup at the school, local educational agency, and State level; and 
the actual academic achievement levels and graduation status of their children with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
shall establish a cap for the purposes of this subparagraph which— 
by disability category, scoring at each achievement level on such alternate assessments; and 
‘‘(II) may not exceed 1 percent of all students in the combined grades assessed. 
take such steps as necessary to provide for the orderly transition to the new accountability and school improvement systems required under this subsection from prior accountability and school improvement systems in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
transition described in this paragraph, each State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
school improvement requirements of sections 1111 and 1116, except— 
improvement requirements of section 1116 in persistently low achieving schools and schools in need of improvement that were identified as such in the year prior to implementation of new highquality assessments; and 
providing training and professional development on the implementation of new college and career ready standards and highquality assessments. 
described in this paragraph shall be completed by no later than 2 years from the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
carry out the responsibilities of the State under section 1116; 
for individualized education program teams to apply in determining when a student’s significant cognitive disability justifies alternate assessment based on alternate achievement standards, which shall include guidelines to ensure— 
cognitive disabilities have access to the general education curriculum for the grade in which the student is enrolled; 
‘‘(II) participation in an alternate assessment does not influence a student’s placement in the least restrictive environment; 
for each subject and are redetermined each year during the annual individualized education program team meeting; 
‘‘(IV) the student’s mode of communication has been identified to the extent possible and accommodated; and 
child’s achievement be measured against alternate achievement standards; and 
and local policies on the student’s education resulting from participating in this alternate assessment; and 
cognitive disabilities are not precluded from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma; and 
on and promote use of appropriate accommodations to increase the number of students with the most significant cognitive 
learner that shall be used by all local educational agencies in the State; 
for students enrolled in limited English proficient classes, which shall— 
‘‘(iii) timelines and targets for moving students from the lowest levels of English language proficiency to the Statedefined English proficient level, including an assurance that— 
initial language proficiency level when first identified as limited English proficient and grade; and 
achieve English proficiency by 18 years of age, unless the State has obtained prior approval by the Secretary; 
assist local educational agencies in improving instruction in all core academic subjects; 
develop and improve the capacity of local educational agencies to use technology to improve instruction; and 
with a charter school law will support high quality public charter schools that receive funds under this title by— 
certification of public chartering agencies using nationallyrecognized professional standards; or 
of independently audited financial statements including disclosure of amount and duration of any nonpublic financial and in kind contributions of support, by each public chartering agency, for each school authorized by such agency, and by each local educational agency and the State; 
school employee compensation and conflict of interest guidelines for all schools authorized, which shall include disclosure of executive pay and affiliated parties with financial interest in the management operations, or contractual obligations of the school; 
‘‘(III) a legally binding charter or performance contract between each charter school and the school’s authorized public chartering agency that— 
‘‘(aa) describes the rights, duties, and remedies of the school and the public chartering agency; and 
once every 3 years, of each public chartering agency; and 
any charter school identified for school improvement under section 1116. 
the public of the content and student academic achievement standards and academic assessments developed under this section, and of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; and 
responsibilities regarding local educational agency and school improvement under section 1116; 
modified or eliminated State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(ii) to obtain waivers under part D of title 
State, to obtain waivers under the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999; 
work with other agencies, including educational service agencies or other local consortia and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and institutions to provide professional development and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools; 
under this Act; ‘‘(ii) meet the purpose of this title; and 
plan shall include a plan for strengthening family engagement in education. Each such plan shall, at a minimum, include— 
process for assessing local educational agency implementation of section 1118 responsibilities; 
identifying local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family engagement in education; 
system of capacitybuilding and technical assistance for local educational agencies and schools on effectively implementing family engagement in education practices and policies to increase student achievement; 
to Statewide Family Engagement Centers, as described in section 5702, those local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family engagement in education; and 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and experts and who are familiar with educational standards, assessments, accountability, the needs of low performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
of its submission unless the Secretary determines that the plan does not meet the requirements of this section; 
State plan does not meet the requirements of this section immediately notify the State of such determination and the reasons for such determination; 
order to assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; and 
State plan for not meeting the requirements of this part, but shall not have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific elements of the State’s academic content standards or to use specific academic assessment instruments or items. 
be revised by the State educational agency if the revision is necessary to satisfy the requirements of this section. 
the State’s participation under this part or 4 years, whichever is shorter; and 
as necessary by the State educational agency to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this part, including information on the progress the State has made in fulfilling the requirements of this section. 
ready content and achievement standards and highquality assessments described in 
teachers and school leaders as described in section 2112. 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual State report card. Such dissemination shall include, at a minimum, publicly posting the report card on the home page of the State educational agency’s website. 
uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
disaggregated and crosstabulated by the same major groups as the decennial census of the population, ethnicity, gender, disability status, migrant status, English proficiency, and status as economically disadvantaged, except that such disaggregation and cross tabulation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student on— 
the extendedyear graduation rate (where applicable), and the graduation rate by type of diploma, including the most recent 2year trend; 
‘‘(VI) the most recent 2year trend in student achievement and student growth in each subject area and for each grade level, for which assessments under this section are required; 
‘‘(iii) if a State adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, the number and percentage of students taking the alternate assessments and information on student achievement at each achievement level and student growth, by grade and subject; 
English learners, and the performance of such students, on the State’s English language proficiency assessments, including the students’ attainment of, and progress toward, higher levels of English language proficiency; 
teachers in the State, the percentage of such teachers teaching with emergency or provisional credentials, and the percentage of classes in the State not taught by qualified teachers, in the aggregate and disaggregated by highpoverty compared to lowpoverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
as determined by the State, in the aggregate and disaggregated by highpoverty compared to lowpoverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile 
agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card. 
to the local educational agency and each school served by the local educational agency, and— 
identified for school improvement under section 1116 and how long the schools have been so identified; and 
served by the local educational agency achieved on the statewide academic assessment compared to students in the State as a whole; 
State, and local sources, including personnel and nonpersonnel resources, for each school in the local educational agency, consistent with the requirements under section 1120A; 
‘‘(IV) the number and percentage of secondary school students who have been removed from the 4year adjusted cohort by leaver code, and the number and percentage of students from each adjusted cohort that have been enrolled in high school for more than 4 years but have not graduated with a regular diploma; and 
school’s students achievement on the statewide academic assessments and other improvement indicators compared to students in the local educational agency and the State as a whole. 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable information, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
the report cards described in this paragraph to all schools in the school district served by the local educational agency and to all parents of students attending those schools in an accessible, understandable, and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand, and make the information widely available through public means, such as posting on the Internet, distribution to the media, and distribution through public agencies. 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the Student Success Act may use those report cards for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collection efforts. 
beginning of each school year, a school that receives funds under this subpart shall provide to each individual parent— 
has been assigned, or has been taught for four or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who is not qualified or has been found to be ineffective, as determined by the State or local educational agency. 
each school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part, information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including, at a minimum, the following: 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licensing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) Whether the teacher is currently enrolled in an alternative certification program. 
by paraprofessionals or specialized instructional support personnel and, if so, their qualifications. 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
this section shall be collected and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
may enter into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments and standards required under this section. 
cohort in any of grades 9 through 12; minus 
out’ when used with respect to a secondary school student, means a student who the secondary school or local educational agency has confirmed has transferred to another— 
student is expected to receive a regular secondary school diploma. 
who was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the cohort as a nongraduate for reporting and accountability purposes under this section. 
student enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of a regular secondary school diploma shall not be considered transferred out. 
in a grade, enrolled in a GED program, aged out of a secondary school or secondary school program, or left secondary school for any other reason, including expulsion, shall not be considered transferred out, and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
schools that start after grade 9, the entering cohort shall be calculated 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year in the earliest secondary school grade at the secondary school. 
graduation rate’ means the percent obtained by calculating the product of— 
‘‘(II) graduate in 4 years or less with a regular secondary school diploma; divided by 
the adjusted cohort for that year’s graduating class 4 years earlier; multiplied by 
The term ‘extendedyear graduation rate’ for a school year is defined as the percent obtained by calculating the product of the result of— 
eligibility for a free appropriate public education (as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) under State law; divided by 
means a number or series of numbers and letters assigned to a categorical reason for why a student left the high school from which she or he is enrolled without having earned a regular high school diploma, except that— 
duplicative code or whom has not been assigned a leaver code shall not be removed from the cohort assigned for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort graduation rate; and 
duplicative leaver code or who have not been assigned a leaver code shall be included in reporting requirements for the leaver code. 
term ‘multitier system of supports’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated supports that includes evidencebased instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessment, and research based interventions matched to student needs, and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
the regular secondary school diploma, such different paths shall— 
college or a career without the need for remediation.’’. 
agency shall reserve such funds as are necessary under this part to provide services comparable to those provided to children in schools funded under this part to serve— 
any public school served by the local educational agency, including providing educationally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where children may live; 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local institutions for delinquent children, and neglected or delinquent children in community day school programs; and 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
educational agency shall establish parameters to identify high priority schools within the local educational agency that— 
‘‘(iii) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
‘‘(iii) shall use graduation rate data, including prior year data; and 
‘‘(iv) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
school improvement team for a school in need of support may include an external partner and representatives of the local educational agency and the State educational agency. 
‘‘(ii) the type of support required; ‘‘(iii) how the school plans to use comprehensive, evidencebased strategies to address such needs; 
and make adjustments and corrections to ensure continuous improvement. 
effectively implement the budgeting, staffing, curriculum, and instruction changes described in the plan; and 
‘‘(II) how the school improvement team engaged parents and community organizations. 
‘‘(iii) EVIDENCE BASED , SCHOOL IMPROVE MENT STRATEGIES .—Evidencebased, school 
improvement strategies to address the factors and challenges described in clause (ii), to improve instruction, including in all core academic subjects, to improve the achievement of all students and address the needs of students identified at the catchup level of achievement. 
‘‘(iv) NEEDS AND CAPACITY ANALYSIS .—A description and analysis of the school’s ability and the resources necessary to implement the evidencebased, school improvement strategies identified under clause (iii), including an analysis of— 
experience, training level, effectiveness as determined by the State or local educational agency, responsibilities, and stability of existing administrative, instructional, and noninstructional staff; 
‘‘(II) budget resources, including how Federal, State, and local funds are being spent for instruction and operations to determine how existing resources can be aligned and used to support improvement; 
‘‘(III) the school curriculum; ‘‘(IV) the use of time, such as the school’s 
necessary to effectively implement the school improvement activities identified in the school improvement plan. 
school improvement activities, including providing interventions, support, and resources necessary to implement improvements. 
continuous evaluation of the evidencebased, school improvement strategies, including implementation of and fidelity to the school improvement plan, that includes at least quarterly reviews of the effectiveness of such activities. 
student attendance and school discipline, through the use of schoolwide positive behavioral supports and interventions and other evidence based approaches to improving school climate; 
implementing the school improvement plan are engaged in the plan and the school turnaround effort; 
‘‘(ii) organize the school to improve teaching and learning, including through— 
for teachers and interdisciplinary teams who share common groups of students; 
or day, such as through block scheduling, summer learning programs, or increasing the number of hours or days, in order to create additional learning time; or 
address specific student academic needs and interests such as credit recovery, electives, enrichment activities, or service learning; and 
‘‘(II) alignment of resources to improvement goals, such as through ensuring that students in transition grades are taught by teachers prepared to meet their specific learning needs; 
‘‘(iii) increase teacher and school leader effectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency, including through— 
skills, capacity, and record of success to significantly improve student achievement and lead a school turnaround, which may include replacing the principal; 
‘‘(II) improving the recruitment and retention of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in the school; 
that respond to student and schoolwide needs aligned with the school improvement plan, such as— 
‘‘(bb) establishing peer learning and coaching among teachers; or 
through professional communities across subject area and interdisciplinary groups and similar schools; 
curriculum and learning for all students, including instruction in all core academic subjects, and may include the use of online coursework as long as such coursework meets standards of quality and best practices for online education; 
‘‘(II) increasing access to rigorous and advanced coursework, including adoption and implementation of a college and career ready curriculum, and evidencebased, engaging instructional materials aligned with such a curriculum, for all students; 
learning opportunities aligned with readiness for postsecondary education and the workforce, such as providing— 
curriculum in the context of a rigorous career and technical education core; 
‘‘(cc) identifying effective instructional approaches to meet student needs; and 
social support to address individual student learning needs, including through— 
school experience through learning structures that facilitate the development of student and staff relationships; 
‘‘(IV) offering extendedlearning, credit recovery, mentoring, or tutoring options of sufficient scale to meet student needs; 
learning for students with academic skill levels below grade level; 
integrated services, such as providing specialized instructional support personnel; 
‘‘(VII) providing transitional support between gradespans, including postsecondary planning. 
partners, including communitybased organizations, organizations representing underserved populations, Indian tribes (as appropriate), organizations assisting parent involvement, institutions of higher education, and businesses, in school improvement activities through evidencebased strategies. 
school improvement team shall submit the school improvement plan to the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as determined by the State educational agency based on the local educational agency’s ability to effectively monitor and support the school improvement activities. Upon receiving the plan, the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as appropriate, shall— 
the school improvement team as necessary, and approve the plan if the plan meets the requirements of this paragraph. 
support and assistance of the local educational agency shall implement the school improvement plan expeditiously, but not 
later than the beginning of the next full school year after identification for improvement. 
evaluate school performance and other data, and provide intensive assistance to that school in order to improve the effectiveness of the interventions; and 
local educational agency, as determined by the State, shall determine whether the school shall partner with an external partner— 
‘‘(aa) opening a new school; ‘‘(bb) graduating out current students and 
the school in other schools in the local educational agency that are higher achieving, provided the other schools are within reasonable proximity to the closed school and ensures receiving schools have the capacity to enroll incoming students; and 
quality educational options and transition and support services to students who attended that school and their parents. 
served by this part, in supporting the schools identified as a school in need of support or a highpriority school served by the agency, shall— 
budget calendar is aligned with school staff and budgeting needs; 
‘‘(iii) building the data and assessment literacy of teachers and principals; and 
kindergarten readiness of children and addressing the educational and development needs determined by such evaluation; 
consider improving access to highquality early education opportunities; and 
interventions to middle schools that feed into high schools identified for school improvement under this section; 
that ensure there is a sufficient pool of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in schools served by the local educational agency; 
under this section, including evaluation for school improvement and technical assistance for schools; and 
activities for teachers, school leaders, and specialized instructional support personnel aligned to school improvement activities; 
the State’s early learning standards and postsecondary education programs; 
and dropout recovery and recuperative education programs for disconnected youth and students who are not making sufficient progress to graduate high school in the standard number of years or who have dropped out of high school; 
‘‘(ii) providing students with postsecondary learning opportunities, such as through access to a relevant curriculum or course of study that enables a student to earn a secondary school diploma and— 
‘‘(iii) integrating rigorous academic education with career training, including training that leads to postsecondary credentials for students; 
‘‘(iv) increasing access to Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate courses and examinations; or 
high quality distance learning strategies to improve student academic achievement; and 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of student progress and performance, such as attendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mechanism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and performance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to determine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard numbers of years; and 
improvement, ensure the provision of technical assistance as the school develops and implements the school improvement plan throughout the plan’s duration; and 
served by this part, in supporting schools identified as a school in need of support or a highpriority school and the local educational agencies serving such schools, shall— 
sources, such as school improvement funds, technology funds, and professional development funds to support school improvement activities; 
including regional support services, to improve teaching, learning, and student outcomes; 
to potential external partners that are based on a demonstrated record of effectiveness in school improvement; 
this section, including providing monitoring and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools. 
remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees 
individual if the individual is legally eligible, as defined by State or local law. 
agency and each school receiving funds under this part shall develop policies and practices for family engagement in education that meet the following principles and standards for familyschool partnerships: 
regular twoway, meaningful communication between family members and local educational agency and school staff in a manner, language, and with technology that family members can understand and access. 
continuous collaboration between family members and local educational agency and school staff to support student learning and healthy student development at school and at home. 
family members to be advocates for all students within the school. 
educational agencies, and school staff are equal partners in family engagement in education decisionmaking. 
principals, teachers, and specialized instructional support personnel to fully engage families in the education of their children.’’. 
agency shall reserve not less than 2 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to carry out this section, except that this subparagraph shall not apply if 2 percent is such agency’s allocation under subpart 2 for the fiscal year for which the determination is made is $10,000 or less.’’. 
‘‘(ii) Supporting schools and nonprofit organizations in providing professional development on family engagement in education for school staff, parent leadership training, family literacy and numeracy programs, home visitation programs, family volunteerism programs, and other innovative programs that meaningfully engage families. 
training to schools on the implementation and assessment of family engagement in education policies and practices. 
Engagement Center and local community based organizations to identify community resources, services, and supports to remove economic obstacles to family engagement in education by meeting families’ needs. 
‘‘(vi) Supporting schools and eligible entities in the development and implementation of researchbased practices and programs that emphasize the importance of family engagement in academic success and positive development by addressing factors such as— 
‘‘(VIII) improved understanding of the parents’ role in academic, social, and financial preparation for postsecondary education, including career and technical education. 
‘‘(vii) Assisting schools in the development, implementation, and assessment of family engagement in education plans. ‘‘(viii) Monitoring and evaluating the family engagement in education in education policies and practices funded under this section. 
in the local educational agency’s plan for improving family engagement in education.’’. 
instruction in a supportive and effective learning environment that enables the children served under this part to meet the State’s student academic achievement standards, and the ways in which parents and families will support their children’s learning, such as— 
‘‘(ii) volunteering in their child’s classroom or school; and 
‘‘(iii) participating, as appropriate, in decisions relating to the education of their children and positive use of extracurricular time; and 
recommendations for student attendance, expectations, behavior, and school safety, including the development of reasonable disciplinary policies and interventions, such as the implementation of schoolwide positive behavior interventions and supports and the phaseout of outofschool suspension and expulsion and to address bullying and harassment; and’’. 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that all paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part shall have— 
can demonstrate, through a formal State or local academic assessment— 
in instructing, reading readiness, writing readiness, and mathematics readiness, as appropriate. 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that all paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, regardless of the paraprofessionals’ hiring date, have earned a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent. 
agency receiving assistance under this part shall ensure that a paraprofessional working in a program supported with funds under this part is not assigned a duty inconsistent with this subsection. 
service to a student unless the paraprofessional is working under the direct supervision of a teacher consistent with section 1119; and 
assigned to similar personnel who are not working in a program supported with funds under this part, including duties beyond classroom instruction or that do not benefit participating children, so long as the amount of time spent on such duties is the same proportion of total work time as prevails with respect to similar personnel at the same school.’’. 
schools served by a local educational agency receive support under this part, such agency may receive funds under this part only if, for the preceding fiscal year, the combined expenditure per pupil of State and local funds in each higher poverty school is at least comparable to the average combined expenditure per pupil of State and local funds across all lower poverty schools. 
The Secretary shall issue regulations concerning the responsibilities of State educational agencies and local educational agencies for meeting the requirements of this subsection. 
State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
making progress toward achieving comparable allocation of resources; and 
comparable allocation of resources as described in this subsection; 
shall not apply to a local educational agency that does not have more than one building for each grade span. 
local funds expended in any school attendance area or school for programs that meet the intent and purpose of this part. 
agency need not include unpredictable or significant changes in student enrollment or personnel assignments that occur after the beginning of a school year in determining 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
this subsection shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with the requirements of this subsection.’’. 
transitionrelated training of school staff, Head Start program staff, and, where appropriate, other early childhood development program staff; and 
Secretary shall work with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to coordinate 
regulations promulgated under this part with regulations promulgated under the Head Start Act.’’. 
by elementary schools and secondary schools for Indian children operated or supported by the Department of the Interior; and 
items (aa) and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
as items (aa) and (bb), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
provision of this section or section 1122’’ and inserting the following: 
other provision of this section or section 1122’’ and inserting the following: 
1122 and except as provided in clause (ii)’’; and 
Puerto Rico’’ the following: ‘‘, American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands’’. 
U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpart: 
identifying uses of assessment data, which may include appropriate use of student assessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school leader performance and evaluation, where applicable; and 
months after a State receives a grant under this section, the State shall, in consultation with education stakeholders, prepare and make publically available a report, that explains how the State has used, or will use, the grant to— 
an accessible and understandable format for educators, parents, and families; 
assessment and data literacy to teachers and school leaders, including on the development and effective use of formative and classroom based assessments aligned with State content standards. 
this section to a State for the first time— 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
an approved application shall receive a grant amount of not less than $2,000,000. 
1 year after a State receives a grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
agency under the State’s jurisdiction and receiving funds under this Act— 
‘‘(ii) with appropriate accessibility provisions for individuals with disabilities and individuals with limited English proficiency. 
each State shall develop and provide local educational agencies with resources, such as 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used, including assessments designed to contribute to systems of continuous improvement of teaching and learning; 
inclusion of students with limited English proficiency and students with disabilities. 
or regulation that establishes the requirement for the assessment; and 
that is used for accountability purposes, whether the assessment is valid and reliable and consistent with nationally recognized professional and technical standards. 
is presented in an accessible and understandable format for educators, parents, students, if appropriate, and the community; 
training educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
educators, parents, and students, if appropriate, do and do not find useful; 
State shall, in coordination with the local educational agencies under the jurisdiction of the State, prepare and submit to the Secretary, a plan to improve and streamline State assessment systems and local assessment systems, including through activities such as— 
‘‘(III) in the case of summative assessments used for accountability purposes, are not valid or reliable and are inconsistent with nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
‘‘(IV) do not contribute to systems of continuous improvement for teaching and learning; or 
or consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assessment systems and implementing a regular process of review and evaluation of assessment use in local educational agencies; 
‘‘(iv) supporting appropriate uses of assessment data, which may include appropriate use of student assessment data as one of multiple measures of student learning for teacher and school leader performance and evaluation; and 
teachers and school leaders on selecting and implementing formative assessments, designing classroombased assessments, and assessment and data literacy. 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable format for parents and families, including for individuals with disabilities or individuals with limited English proficiency; 
and time for teacher collaboration on designing classroombased assessments and improving assessments and data literacy for, teachers and school leaders, which may include providing additional planning time to analyze student and team data and designing instruction based on data analysis; 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where appropriate; 
‘competency education’ is defined, (at a minimum), as a schoollevel framework for learning that enables personalization, with the goal of students becoming proficient, in which— 
to State academic standards, and include explicit, measurable, and transferable learning objectives; 
learning in real time and validates when students are ready to demonstrate mastery; and 
higher order skills, including the application and creation of knowledge and social emotional skills. 
entity’ means a State educational agency or consortium of State educational agencies. 
a level of knowledge or skill development demonstrated by a student signifying that the student has met a standard and is prepared to progress to a subsequent standard. 
criteria, expectations, and processes that enable students to interact with meaningful content; and 
learn content and apply complex skills to create or refine an original product or solution. 
summative student performance data gathered in one of the following ways— 
administered at least once annually in each of grades 3 through 8 and once in grades 9 through 12 administered as multiple assessments throughout the year; or 
minimum of once in elementary, once in middle, and once in high school; 
produce comparable results across the State that are of high technical quality, reliability, and validity; and 
career ready standards described in section 1111 and Stateapproved competencies; 
Stateapproved competencies when students are ready to demonstrate mastery of such standards and competencies; 
multiple opportunities to demonstrate mastery of such standards and competencies; 
teachers in scoring assessments, including the use of high quality professional development, standardized and calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strategies to ensure inter rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery across the State; 
support and targeted intervention to all students to ensure every student is ontrack to master the State approved standards and competencies by graduation; 
needed to attain mastery of college and career ready standards and Stateapproved competencies; 
agency has the technological infrastructure to operate the accountability and assessment systems described in this section; and 
agencies within the State that will participate in the polit. 
which shall include a review team comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about competency education, to inform the awarding of the demonstration authority under this part; and 
The Secretary shall disseminate best practices on the implementation of accountability and assessment systems that enable competency education, including on— 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strategies to ensure interrater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery across the State. 
the State assessments under the National Assessment of Educational Progress, there are authorized to be appropriated $72,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
this subpart, there are authorized to be appropriated $600,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. 
part A of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is repealed. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
each student who has been placed in the State’s juvenile justice system is promptly reenrolled in secondary school or placed in a reentry program that best meets the educational and social needs of the student; 
transfer of credits that such students earned during placement; 
students will have the opportunity to participate in higher education or career pathways; and’’; 
education services and transition plan for each child or youth served under this subpart upon entry into the correctional facility, in partnership with the child or youth’s family members and the local educational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth;’’; 
with the child or youth’s local educational agency for a period jointly determined necessary by the correctional facility and the local educational agency upon discharge from that facility, to coordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achievement;’’; 
striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
agency will report annually on the number of children and youth released from the correctional facility or institution who returned or did not return to school, the number of 
children and youth obtaining a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent, and the number of children and youth obtaining employment.’’; and 
care shall only be entitled to remain in the child’s school of origin for the remainder of the school year. 
‘‘(ii) immediately transferred to the enrolling school, even if the child owes fees or fines or was not withdrawn from previous schools in conformance with local withdrawal procedures. 
Each State that receives assistance under part A shall have policies for ensuring that— 
schools can transfer school credits and receive partial credits for coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior 
secondary schools can receive a secondary school diploma either from one of the schools in which the child was enrolled or through a Stateissued secondary school diploma system, consistent with State graduation requirements. 
to reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; or 
agency will provide transportation for the remainder of the academic year in which a child leaves foster care if whomever the child is returned to by the child welfare agency requests transportation and remaining in the school of origin is in the child’s best interest. 
in the State of their option to designate an individual employed by the agency to serve as a point of contact for the child welfare agencies responsible for children in foster care enrolled in the local educational agency and that they must designate such a point of contact if any such local child welfare agency provides written notice it has designated an individual employed by that agency to serve as a point of contact for the local educational agency; 
points of contact oversee the implementation of the local educational agency requirements under this section; and 
implementation of the State educational agency requirements under this section. 
‘child in foster care’ means a child whose care and placement is the responsibility of the agency that administers a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq., 670 et seq.), without regard to whether foster care maintenance payments are made under section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) on behalf of the child. 
origin’ means, with respect to a child in foster care, any of the following: 
enrolled when a change in foster care placement occurs. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary is directed to issue guidance on the implementation of part E of title I of this Act, including how State and local agencies will work together to ensure that transportation for children in foster care is provided to the school of origin. 
Section 1803 (20 U.S.C. 6553) is amended by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including the creation of individualized student success plans’’. 
of part H of title I (20 U.S.C. 6561 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
or racial disparities in the use of exclusionary discipline; 
or practice consent decree for civil rights violations; or 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) is amended 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to help States 
and local educational agencies support teachers and school leaders to improve student achievement for all students, including English learners and students with disabilities, by— 
effective teachers and other school leaders and fostering excellent instructional teams, especially in highneed local educational agencies, schools, fields, and subjects; 
ladders’ means promotion and professional growth opportunities, beyond moving into administration, for effective teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency, including teacher leaders, instructional or curriculum specialists, and teacher mentors, who help improve teaching and learning in a school or local educational agency. 
need field’ refers to the fields of special education, bilingual education, and English language acquisition. 
children from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
‘‘(ii) for which not less than 20 percent of 
the children served by the agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; and 
of teachers not teaching in the academic subjects or grade levels that the teachers were trained to teach; or 
‘‘(ii) for which there is a high percentage of 
teachers with emergency, provisional, or temporary certification or licensing. 
school or high school teacher who is entering the profession in a State for the first time, means that the teacher— 
‘‘(II) by successful completion of an academic major, a graduate degree, or coursework equivalent to an undergraduate academic major in the content area that the teacher will teach; 
‘‘(iii) if required by the State to demonstrate teaching skills by passing a State teacher performance assessment, has passed such assessment; and 
or Staterequired test in reading, writing, mathematics, science, and other areas of the 
‘‘(II) by successful completion of an academic major, a graduate degree, or coursework equivalent to an undergraduate academic major in the content areas that the teacher will teach; 
‘‘(iii) if required by the State to demonstrate teaching skills by passing a State teacher performance assessment, has passed such assessment; and 
least their first 2 years of practice, that is designed to increase effectiveness and retention of new teachers and new school leaders, and that includes— 
in areas needed for new teachers, including, content knowledge and pedagogy, instructional strategies for teaching students with diverse learning needs, classroom management (including strategies that improve the schoolwide climate for learning, which may include positive behavioral interventions and supports), formative assessment of student learning, and the analysis and use of student assessment data to improve instruction; 
and feedback by mentors, school leaders, or effective teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency; and 
means the mentoring of new teachers and school leaders, as appropriate, so as to increase the effectiveness and retention of those teachers and school leaders through a program that— 
mentors on how to support new teachers and school leaders effectively; 
collaboration and for examination of student work and achievement data, and ongoing opportunities for mentors and mentees to observe each other’s practice; and 
with a mentor who is in the same field, grade, or subject area as the mentee. 
term ‘professional development’ means coordinated and aligned activities with evidence of increasing effectiveness of educators, which may include teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, early childhood educators, and other school staff that— 
and achievement standards and early learning standards, as appropriate, with local educational agency and school improvement goals and plans, including those identified under section 1116, and with school instructional materials; 
school and facilitated by trained school leaders and schoolbased professional development coaches, mentors, master teachers, or other teacher leaders; 
goals based on the rigorous analysis of data and improves content knowledge, pedagogical skills, and the ability to analyze and use data; 
other forms of assistance to support the transfer of new knowledge and skills to the 
of the professional development in achieving identified learning goals, improving teaching, and assisting all students in meeting challenging State academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(VI) may support joint professional development activities for school staff and early childhood educators that address the transition to elementary school, including issues related to school readiness across all major domains of early learning; and 
‘‘(VII) may be supported by external assistance with relevant expertise, including content expertise; and 
such as courses, workshops, institutes, networks, and conferences that— 
nonprofit entities outside the school such as universities, education service agencies, technical assistance providers, networks of contentarea specialists, and other education organizations and associations. 
leader’ means a principal, an assistant principal, administrator or director, or an individual who is— 
‘school leadership team’ means a group that includes the principal, other school leaders, and teachers at a school who work together to develop school plans or goals for the school. 
assessment’ means a rigorous assessment used to measure teacher performance that is developed and approved in collaboration with teachers, and administered by the State and— 
quality, reliability, validity, fairness, consistency, and objectivity of the evaluators’ determinations; 
term ‘teaching residency program’ means a schoolbased teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
who is the teacher of record, for at least one year; 
teaching of the content area in which the teacher will become certified or licensed; 
The term ‘evidence of classroom practice’ means evidence gathered through multiple formats and from multiple sources that demonstrate effective teaching skills and— 
on rigorous teacher performance standards or rubrics and conducted by trained personnel; 
‘‘(ii) information on the teacher’s successful use of data to improve instruction and demonstrate evidence of student learning; 
The term ‘evidence of school leadership’ means evidence gathered through multiple formats and from multiple sources that shall include an evaluation of— 
an explicit vision of quality teaching and learning that guides all instructional decisions; 
where teachers and school leaders work together on a regular basis to analyze and improve teaching and learning; and 
school culture where students, teachers and other staff are motivated to collaborate and work together to achieve goals. 
term ‘evidence of student learning’ means data that shall be based on multiple, valid and reliable indicators of student academic growth towards State content and achievement standards, which shall be based significantly on— 
that is comparable across schools within an local educational agency such as— 
work, including progress towards performance standards and evidence of student growth. 
learning community that effectively utilizes data to improve the school culture and personalize instruction to increase student achievement; 
‘‘(ii) create and maintain a learning culture within the school that provides a climate conducive to the development of all members of the school community, including one of continuous learning for adults tied to student learning and other school goals; 
‘‘(iii) engage in continuous professional development, utilizing a combination of academic study, developmental simulation exercises, selfreflection, mentorship and internship; 
‘‘(iv) understand youth development appropriate to the age level served by the school and from this knowledge sets high expectations and standards for the academic, social, emotional and physical development of all students; and 
$3,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years, to carry out this part. ‘‘Subpart 1—Grants to States 
made available under section 2101 for this subpart for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
apply for an allotment under this section, or has its application disapproved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of that State’s allotment to the remaining States that have approved applications in accordance with this subpart. 
apply for funds under this part and part B through a consolidated application. 
and principal evaluation in the State, including whether each system— 
teachers and school leaders and support interventions for students; and 
‘‘(iii) provide ongoing and timely, individual and meaningful feedback, and substantive support to the teacher or school leader; 
of school leadership and effective and efficient school program administration; 
‘‘(ii) evidence of student learning; ‘‘(iii) contributions to student growth including higher order thinking skills, citizenship, and social and emotional development; and 
and consistent across all teachers and school leaders within a local educational agency consistent with section 2301 that reflect the ages and grades being taught and consistent within individual grade levels and subject areas in each local educational agency; 
school leader in the local educational agency and takes into consideration the experience and performance level of the teacher or school leader; 
teachers and school leaders, which shall be developed in collaboration with teachers and school leaders, that are appropriate to the level of the individual being evaluated, including support and timelines to carry out each plan; and 
interventions and timelines to carry out each plan; and 
system and the process, systems, ratings, and the implications of the results provided to teachers and school leaders; 
that affect teaching and learning, such as facilities and resources, and school climate and safety, and isolating educator impact on student outcomes from these factors; 
the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, each local educational agency in 
the State that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 shall conduct an annual assessment of educator support and working conditions that— 
of availability of highquality professional development and instructional materials and opportunities for collaboration; 
such as career ladders and mentoring and induction programs; 
teachers, school leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
leaders and other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; 
students by teachers not deemed qualified or who are rated in the lowest evaluation categories, where applicable; and 
principals who have been rated in the lowest evaluation rating categories, where applicable; 
determined by the State or local educational agency, for schools in the top quartile in percentage of minority students against the bottom quartile of percentage of minority students; 
strategies to close gaps identified in the plan; and 
such as a composite to carry out the plan described in this paragraph that— 
high schools, the percentage of core academic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for such courses; 
‘‘(II) the percentage of teachers whose licensure exam scores fall one standard deviation above passing score of teachers within the State; 
than 10 absences over the course of the school year; and 
record, how local educational agencies report to the State on the teacherofrecord, and how the definition is used to ensure equitable distribution of effective and highly effective teachers; 
effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, by preparation program; 
measures in addition to those described in subpart 4 that the State will use to measure the performance of the State and of each local educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2; and 
Secretary finds that a State’s application does not comply in whole or in part with the requirements of this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
provisions in the application that do not comply with the requirements of this subpart; 
needed to determine whether the application will comply with the requirements of this subpart; and 
give the State notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
subgrants under subpart 2 to local educational agencies with approved applications under section 2122; 
funds, to plan and administer the activities of the State under this subpart, including 
the awarding of the subgrants under subpart 2 and the monitoring and enforcement of the requirements for the subgrants, including developing or improving any teacher and principal evaluation systems that are based in part on evidence of student learning and other measures determined by the State. 
activities designed to recruit, support, and retain effective principals for highneed and lowperforming schools, such as— 
programs to ensure that they are highly selective, include indepth residency for at least one year or fieldbased experience in a highneed or lowperforming school, and provide induction or other support for at least the first year of a principal’s service, including coaching from a mentor principal in instructional leadership and organizational 
attract, retain, and reward effective principals and other school leaders for highneed and lowperforming schools; 
with a performancebased selection process that distribute school leadership responsibilities and develop a pipeline of individuals who gain the experience necessary to become an effective principal; and 
of school superintendents, principal supervisors, human resources directors, and other local educational agency managers; and 
standards, teacher and school leader certification or licensure requirements, teacher preparation programs, and professionaldevelopment requirements with kindergarten throughgrade12 academic content and achievement standards that build toward collegeandcareerreadiness; 
‘‘(ii) reform teacher and school leader compensation, including by modifying policies and practices and providing technical assistance to local educational agencies, in order to enable those agencies to recruit, reward, and retain effective teachers and school leaders in highneed schools, fields, subjects, and areas; 
‘‘(iv) support the training of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in effectively integrating technology (including technology for students with disabilities) into curricula and instruction and in how to use technology for online communication and for collaboration and data analysis; 
local educational agencies to recruit, train, hire, and place individuals who are or are most likely to be effective teachers and principals, provide effective teachers and principals with support and development opportunities focused on increasing student achievement, and retain effective teachers and school leaders over time by creating school environments that enable excellent teaching including through strategies such as distributed leadership, time for collaboration and use of student data for jobembedded professional development; 
‘‘(vi) develop and provide professional development, including through joint professional development opportunities, for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, specialized instructional support personnel, and other school leaders; 
teachers and school leaders in the State to support, educate, and properly implement accommodations for students with disabilities; 
practices that position the State to be a competitive applicant for grants under part B of this title; 
‘‘(ix) support the training of teachers, principals, and other school leaders on how to accelerate the learning of students who are performing below grade level; and 
teachers, principals and other school leaders in early elementary grades that includes specialized knowledge about child development and learning, developmentallyappropriate curricula and teaching practices, meaningful family engagement and collaboration with early care and education programs; 
received under this subpart shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, nonFederal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this subpart. 
agency that receives an allocation under subpart 1 shall allocate to each local educational agency in the State that has an application approved by the State under section 2122 the sum of— 
of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all such local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
educational agency involved at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the State educational agency may reasonably require; and 
for using the subgrant under this subpart, and other local, State, and Federal funds, to ensure the equitable distribution of teachers and principals, within the local educational agency so that lowincome and minority students are not— 
students by teachers not deemed qualified and who are not effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
principals who not effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency, at higher rates than other students within the local educational agency; 
the local educational agency will provide to assist with the implementation of new college and careerready standards and early learning standards, including the local educational agency’s plan for prioritizing the 
introduction of those supports in its lowest performing schools; 
with the involvement of teachers, principals, and other stakeholders, as applicable, in the areas set forth in subpart 4 and identified in plans under section 1116, as applicable, particularly the needs of schools receiving funds under title I; and 
teachers and principals who are effective, as determined by the State or local educational agency, especially teachers and principals who are needed for highneed and lowperforming schools and highneed fields and subjects, including teachers and principals who come from underrepresented backgrounds; 
program that is designed to increase the effectiveness of new teachers and retain effective teachers, especially in highneed and lowperforming schools, such as a program that provides reduced teaching assignments for new teachers, training for instructional coaches or mentors who will participate in induction activities, access to online support systems, and frequent feedback to promote continuous learning and instructional improvement; 
kindergarten through third grade by an amount and to a level consistent with what research has found to improve student academic achievement at a minimum in the schools in the lowest quartile of poverty in the local educational agency; 
distribution of effective teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency, so that lowincome and minority students are not taught at higher rates than are other students by teachers rated in one of the two lowest evaluation rating categories, where applicable; 
the capacity of the local educational agency to recruit, select, train, evaluate, and develop effective staff, teachers, school leaders, and school leader managers to work at or with schools identified for improvement under section 1116; 
development, including to assist teachers in supporting, educating, and properly implementing accommodations for students with different learning styles, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented students; 
received under this subpart shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, nonFederal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this subpart. 
this subpart shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with the requirements of this part. 
‘‘From the funds made available under section 2101 for this subpart for any fiscal year, the Secretary may to reserve up to 3 percent for research, development, technical assistance, outreach, and dissemination activities, carried out either directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. Such activities may include— 
leadership academy to train school leaders in effective school management and instructional leadership, with a primary focus on turning around lowperforming schools, including— 
highpoverty and highminority local educational agencies meet such improvement goals; and 
under subpart 2 equal to not more than 50 percent of the subgrant received by the local educational agency in the preceding year under such subpart; and 
amount equal to not less than the Federal funds provided under the subgrant; and 
AGENCIES .—A local educational agency described in this paragraph is a local educational agency that— 
not apply to a local educational agency that does not have more than one building for each grade span. 
may apply to the Secretary for a temporary waiver of the requirements of this section in the case of a natural disaster or unpredictable or significant personnel assignments that occur after the beginning of a school year that would affect determination of compliance with this section. 
this section shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with this section. 
Each local educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 shall annually submit to the State, and make public— 
agency’s program performance and results under the subgrant, in a manner prescribed by the State or the Secretary, containing, 
this subpart shall be collected, reported, and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
for each local educational agency in the State, disaggregated by poverty quartile and 
‘‘(iv) have demonstrated content knowledge in the subject or subjects the teachers are assigned to teach; 
schools, the percentage of core academic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for that course; 
teachers, as determined by the State or local educational agency; and 
State is using to measure the performance of local educational agencies that receive a subgrant under subpart 2. 
agency overall and for schools in the agency by poverty quartile and minority quartile— 
‘‘(iv) have demonstrated content knowledge in the subject or subjects the teachers are assigned to teach; and 
high school, the percentage of core academic courses taught by teachers who have met State licensure requirements for that course. 
educational agency that receives a subgrant under subpart 2 shall ensure that each school served by the local educational agency provides, on an annual basis and at the beginning of the school year— 
each student who has, for 2 consecutive years, been assigned an ineffective teacher, as determined by the State or local educational agency, that such student has been so assigned; and 
for ensuring this assignment pattern does not continue; and 
States and local educational agencies in improving the effectiveness of their teachers and school leaders, especially those teachers and school leaders working in highneed schools, by creating the conditions needed to 
identify, recruit, prepare, retain, reward, and advance effective teachers, principals, and school leadership teams in such schools. 
be appropriated $950,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years to carry out this part. 
partnership with 1 or more local educational agencies at least one of which is a highneed local educational agency. 
a grant under this part to an eligible entity for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew the grant for up to an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the eligible entity is achieving the objectives of the grant and has shown improvement against baseline measures on performance indicators. 
desires a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
served by the eligible entity to make decisions about professional development and retention; 
stakeholders, setting forth the activities to be implemented under the grant and how 
those activities will be aligned with the results of— 
educational agency statutes, policies, and practices, including employment policies and practices that pose a barrier to staffing schools, particularly highneed schools, with teachers and principals who have been rated in the highest rating categories; 
the costeffectiveness of applicable State or local educational agency policies and practices related to increasing teacher and principal effectiveness; 
eligible entity that includes a local educational agency or a consortium of such agencies, a local school board, teachers union (where there is a designated exclusive representative for the purpose of collective bargaining), teachers, principals, and other stakeholders; and 
State educational agency or consortium of such agencies, the State board of education, State agency for higher education, any participating local educational agency, and other stakeholders. 
priority to applications that address particular needs in improving the effectiveness of the education workforce in highneed 
agencies to fill positions in highneed fields and subjects. 
if the eligible entity uses an increasing share of nonFederal funds to pay the bonuses and increased salaries each year of the grant, to highly effective teachers or principals who work in highneed schools; 
‘‘(ii) activities under sections 2112 and 2122; ‘‘(iii) reforming the local educational agency’s system of compensating teachers and principals; and 
compensation and careerdevelopment systems, which may include instituting performance pay, career advancement systems (such as career ladders or incentives for assuming additional roles and responsibilities intended to improve student academic achievement), or marketbased compensation for a highneed school; and 
performing schools are staffed more effectively and efficiently, such as through— 
‘‘(iii) more selective screening; and ‘‘(iv) data systems for tracking attendance, 
teacher and principal evaluation results, tenure decisions, participation in professional 
principals who serve in highneed or lowperforming schools; and 
to the State’s certification or licensure requirements, which shall include using teacher and principal evaluation results in certification or licensure decisions (such as by making them a significant factor in the granting of a full certification or license); and 
including preservice programs providing teachers and principals to schools within the State, that increases the numbers of highly effective teachers and principals, particularly in highneed schools by— 
and principals with support and development opportunities focused on increasing student 
and principals over time by creating school environments that enable excellent teaching including through strategies such as distributed leadership, time for collaboration and use of student data for internal professional development. 
alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders as well as requirements that local educational agencies negotiate and or meet and confer in good faith) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employers and their employees. 
‘‘No State or local educational agency receiving funding under this title shall publicly report personally identifiable information included in an individual teacher or principal evaluation, including information that can be used to distinguish an individual’s identity when combined with other personal or identifying information. 
employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, control, or exercise any direction or supervision over the development of teacher, principal, or school leader evaluation systems.’’. 
striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
by striking ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified teachers’’; 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; 
striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘qualified’’; and 
by striking ‘‘highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified’’.such partner institution. 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021) is amended— 
of highneed schools served by the highneed local educational agency; or 
‘‘(II) as applicable, a highneed early childhood education program; or 
education within such partner institution, which may include an existing teacher professional development program with proven outcomes within a 4year institution of higher education that provides intensive and sustained collaboration between faculty and local educational agencies consistent with the requirements of this title; and 
provides alternative routes to State certification of teachers that has a teacher preparation program— 
‘‘(aa) whose graduates exhibit strong performance on Statedetermined qualifying assessments for new teachers through demonstrating that 80 percent or more of the graduates of the program who intend to enter the field of teaching have passed all of the applicable State qualification assessments for new teachers, which shall include an assessment of each prospective teacher’s subject matter knowledge in the content area in which the teacher intends to teach; and 
‘‘(bb) that requires each student in the program to meet high academic standards or demonstrate a record of success, as determined by the institution (including prior to entering and being accepted into a program), and participate in intensive clinical experience, and each student in the program is preparing to become a qualified teacher; and 
‘‘(vii) An educational service agency. ‘‘(viii) A teacher organization. ‘‘(ix) A highperforming local educational 
agency, or a consortium of such local educational agencies, that can serve as a resource to the partnership. 
‘‘(xi) A school or department within a partner institution that focuses on psychology and human development. 
partner institution with comparable expertise in the disciplines of teaching, learning, and child and adolescent development. 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022) is amended— 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1022a) is amended— 
‘‘student academic’’ and inserting ‘‘college andcareer ready student academic’’; 
(iv) in clause (ii), insert ‘‘ and writing instruction’’ after ‘‘reading’’; and 
teachers to use data to analyze student performance and adjust teaching practices to improve student achievement;’’; and 
graduates who are prepared to teach a high need subject. 
graduates who become effective and highly effective teachers or principals as determined by the State. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended— 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’ each place it appears; 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is amended 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide opportunities for communities to establish or expand activities through learning partnerships that— 
services, programs and activities for a well rounded education, including youth development activities, music and the arts, outdoor and recreation programs, technology education programs, duallanguage programs, character education, and environmental literacy programs that are designed to reinforce and compliment the regular academic program for participating students; 
school day, by offering a range of activities that capture student interest and strengthen student engagement in learning, promote higher class attendence, improve retention, and reduce the risk for dropout, and actively address the specific learning needs and interests of all types of students, especially those who may benefit from approaches and experiences not offered in the traditional classroom setting; 
partnerships with increased opportunities to work collaboratively, and to participate in professional planning and professional development, within and across grades and subjects to improve teaching and learning; 
partnerships opportunities for literacy development and related educational development. 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
learning partnership if they do not receive a grant under section 4005 so that they may re compete in following competitions; 
that receives an award under section 4005 to plan and implement additional learning time with such funds, including assisting the learning partnership in— 
partners, which may include multicounty public entities, and resources that may be utilized to implement the additional learning time; 
‘‘(iii) strengthening the existing partnerships of the learning partnership, identifying appropriate roles for each of the partners in the implementation of additional learning time in schools served by the learning partnership, and ensuring that the partnership is effective in maintaining strong communication, information sharing, and joint planning and implementation; 
additional learning time to improve academic enrichment, and student academic achievement in schools, and providing technical assistance to the learning partnership in using such best practices to implement and improve additional learning time initiatives. 
programs that are age appropriate and address the varying needs of students in elementary (including preschool), middle, and diploma granting schools. 
at the State or local level to meet the purposes of this part. 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for Statelevel activities; 
educational agency, in making awards under section 4005, will give priority to learning partnerships that propose to serve— 
capacity to implement highquality additional learning time activities that are different from methods which have been proven ineffective during the regular school day; 
educational agency will set up a process to allow learning partnerships who receive an award under section 4005 and who operate a 
agency will, to the extent practicable, distribute funds under this part equitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural areas; 
perpupil funding amount range the State educational agency will use to ensure that awards made under section 4005 are of sufficient size and scope to carry out the purposes of the award, 
carried out by the learning partnerships under this part will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; 
intent to file an application and an assurance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
not finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and opportunity for a hearing. 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
the finding of noncompliance, and, in such notification, shall— 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
an award under this part, a learning partnership shall submit an application to the State 
manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
of the planning activities that will be conducted during the planning phase, if applicable, that shall include a budget for the planning activities; 
by the learning partnership during the additional learning time based solely on the learning partnership’s determination of the results of a needs assessment that considers— 
time and instructional time for teachers and staff in the learning partnership; 
‘‘(II) individual student learning needs; ‘‘(III) school and student safety; and ‘‘(IV) the number of additional hours (during the regular school day or outside of the regular school day, as applicable) needed for supervised student enrichment, determined through school, family, and community input; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the learning partnership will align the activities described in this subparagraph with— 
‘‘(II) academic instruction that occurs during the regular school day at the school proposed to be served by the learning partnership; and 
preschool) to be served by the learning partnerships using award funds; 
relevant student level data will be shared within the learning partnership consistent 
partnership will provide professional development to the staff employed by the learning partnership. 
of Federal, State, and local programs that will be combined or coordinated with the additional learning time program to make the most effective use of public resources. 
how the additional learning time will continue when funding under this part ends. 
the community of the learning partnership will be given notice of an intent to submit an application and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public review after submission of the application. 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this section for a program to be located in a facility other than an elementary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
agency shall require a learning partnership to match funds awarded under this part, except that such match may not exceed the amount of the grant award and may not be derived from other Federal funds. 
educational agency shall permit the communitylearning partnership to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in kind contributions. 
in their last year of funding for an additional 5 year grant. 
this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications proposing to target services to— 
serve schools with a high percentage or number of students that are eligible for free and reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
Each learning partnership shall, not later than 1 year after the first day of the first school year in which the additional learning time is implemented, prepare and submit to the State educational agency a report— 
the additional learning time activities that were carried out under this part; 
with, carrying out the additional learning time programs and activities in the first school year; and 
learning time programs and activities were implemented and whether such programs and activities were carried out during nonschool hours or periods when school is not in session or added to expand the school day, school week, or school year schedule; and 
‘‘(ii) for high schools served by the learning partnerships, the percentage of students taking a college preparatory curriculum, or student rates of enrollment, persistence, and attainment of an associate or baccalaureate degree; 
‘‘(vi) evidence of increased student engagement in school, which may include completing of assignments and coming to class prepared; 
skills which may include problem solving, learning to work in teams, and social and civic responsibility; 
may include initiative, selfconfidence, self esteem and sense of selfefficacy; and 
may include behavior, communication, relationships with peers and adults. 
other public or private entity, in a partnership with a local educational agency, a consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency and one or more local educational agencies. 
periods when school is not in session, such as before or after school or during summer recess for activities that— 
‘‘(II) use evidencebased skill training approaches and active forms of learning to promote healthy development, and engage students in learning; 
of all students, including those who already meet or exceed student academic achievement standards as measured by highquality State academic assessments, and especially those who may not be achieving at grade level in the traditional classroom setting; 
(including educators, parents, students, and community partners) in carrying out additional learning time programs and activities described in this subparagraph; or 
hours for the school year at a school based on evidence supporting the amount of additional learning time needed to achieve the objectives described in clause (ii); 
‘‘(ii) is used to redesign the school’s program and schedule— 
order to improve the academic achievement of students aligned to the school improvement plan, if applicable, especially those students who may not be achieving at grade level, in reading or language arts, mathematics, science, history and civics, and other core academic subjects; 
‘‘(II) to improve the performance of all students, including those students who are struggling to meet college and career ready standards or State early learning standards, as appropriate, and those students who already meet or exceed college and career ready standards as measured by highquality State academic assessments; 
‘‘(III) for additional subjects and enrichment activities that reflect student interest, connect to effective community partners, and contribute to a wellrounded education, which may include music and the arts, health education, physical education, service learning, and experiential and workbased learning opportunities (such as community service, learning apprenticeships, internships, and job shadowing); 
‘‘(IV) to advance student learning by providing a learning environment and supporting learning activities that engage students, develop social skills, and cultivate positive personal attitude; and 
‘‘(II) aligned to individual student achievement needs as identified by the schoolsite staff at the school served by the community learning partnership; and 
(including educators, parents, students and community partners) in planning and carrying out additional learning time programs and activities described in this subparagraph. 
‘environmental literacy’ means a fundamental understanding of ecological principles, the systems of the natural world, and the relationships and interactions between natural and man made environments. 
to carry out this part $1,200,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
and schools in providing comprehensive systems of learning supports to students and their families so that students receive their education in safe environments and graduate from school college and career ready; 
emotional, health, mental health, and social needs of all students, including students from low income families, students with disabilities, English learners, and youth who are involved in or who are identified by evidencebased risk assessment methods as being at high risk of becoming involved in juvenile delinquency or criminal street gangs through a coordinated pipeline or continuum of services for children from birth through college or career; 
that prevent and respond to violence in and around schools (including bullying, harassment, and mass casualty events), that prevent the illegal use of alcohol, tobacco, and drugs by students, and provide resources and training to foster a safe and drugfree learning environment to support student academic achievement; and 
schools, parents, and communities, and better support family and community engagement in education. 
available under section 4210 to carry out this part for each fiscal year, the Secretary— 
for grants to the outlying areas to be allotted in accordance with the Secretary’s determination of their respective needs and to carry out programs described in this part; and 
for the Secretary of the Interior to carry out programs described in this part for Indian youth. 
to the ratio between the amount each State received under section 1124A for the preceding year and the sum of such amounts received by all the States. 
State shall be allotted under this subsection an amount that is less than onehalf of 1 percent of the total amount allotted to all the States under this subsection. 
If any State does not apply for an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
under this part with such existing programs and resources. 
agency’s comprehensive school safety plan, which shall address bullying and harassment, provide for evidencebased and promising practices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention, address school sponsored, offpremises, overnight field trips, disaster preparedness, and crisis and emergency management; and any other issues determined necessary by the State educational agency (existing plans may be used to satisfy the requirements of this section if such existing plans include the information required by this section, or can be modified to do so, and are submitted to the Secretary with such modifications) which— 
not later than 1 year after the enactment of the Student Success Act; 
with public safety and community partners, including police, fire, emergency medical services, emergency management agencies, parents, and other such organizations; 
in a manner that is understandable and accessible; and 
be used to identify best practices for professional development for sustainable comprehensive program development. 
educational agency will take to ensure that activities and programs carried out by local eligible entities will implement evidence based strategies. 
submitted by a State pursuant to this section shall undergo peer review by the Secretary and shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the application, that the application is not in compliance with this subpart. 
not finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency and the chief executive officer of the State notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
the chief executive officer of the State notice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
and the chief executive officer of the State of the finding of noncompliance, and in such notification, shall— 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
this section shall be construed to prohibit local educational agencies or individual schools from incorporating additional elements to the Statedeveloped comprehensive school safety plan to improve student and school safety reflective of the individual agency or school community. 
educational agency that receives a grant under this part shall reserve not less than 95 percent of the grant amount, for each fiscal year to award subgrants to local eligible entities in accordance with section 4206. 
to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams so that local educational agencies can provide comprehensive continuums of learning supports. 
that they have a priority for competing for grants; 
local eligible entities for the development of the applications described in section 4206; 
local eligible entities if they do not receive a grant under section 4206 so that they may recompete in following competitions; 
development and capacity building for local educational agencies for the delivery of a comprehensive system of learning supports for teachers, administrators, and specialized instructional support personnel in schools that are served by the eligible entity receiving funding under this part to implement the authorized activities described in section 4207. 
agency shall use grant funds received under this part to award subgrants to eligible entities. 
serve a high percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); and 
serve students who attend schools in need of support and highpriority schools; 
subgrants to local eligible entities, the State educational agency shall give competitive priority to— 
agency may renew a subgrant awarded under this part for a period of 5 years. 
data, and teacher, parent, or community surveys) and assets assessment which shall include a comprehensive analysis of the following— 
local eligible entity (which shall include a comprehensive analysis of incidents and prevalence of bullying and harassment at schools served by the local eligible entity); 
alcohol and substance abuse at schools served by the local eligible entity; 
with respect to evidencebased and promising practices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention, including an assessment of the number of youth who are involved or atrisk of involvement in juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity and the number of chronically truant youth; 
including public agencies, nonprofit organizations, and community businesses and employers that could be leveraged by schools served by the local eligible entity to create comprehensive systems of support or deliver pipeline services within the schools; 
school suspensions, outofschool suspensions, expulsion, schoolbased arrests, referrals to law enforcement, and referrals to alternative schools; and 
grant funds (taking into account the cultural and linguistic needs of the community) 
used to enhance administrator’s, teacher’s, and specialized instructional support personnel’s identification and response to student learning needs for providing learning supports through professional development, and how school capacity will be enhanced to handle problems facing students such as those identified in the needs assessment. 
subgrant under this part shall use such funds to carry out the following activities: 
‘‘(ii) programs to prevent and appropriately respond to incidents of bullying and harassment (including professional development for teachers and other school personnel); 
school environments for learning and reduce the need for suspensions, expulsions, referral to law enforcement, and other practices that remove students from instruction; 
‘‘(vi) professional development and training for, and involvement of, school personnel, specialized instructional personnel, parents, and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification and intervention, mentoring, or rehabilitation referral, as related to violence prevention; 
‘‘(vii) reporting criminal offenses committed on school property; ‘‘(viii) emergency intervention services following traumatic crisis events, such as a shooting, a mass casualty event, or a major accident that has disrupted the learning environment; 
identify warning signs of youth suicide and to create an action plan to help youth at risk of suicide; or 
students who are faced with domestic violence or child abuse; 
‘‘(II) promote a sense of individual responsibility and teach students that most people do not illegally use drugs; 
and peer pressure to use drugs illegally and the skills for resisting illegal drug use; and 
‘‘(ii) activities that involve families, community sectors (which may include appropriately trained seniors) and a variety of providers in setting clear expectations against illegal use of drugs and appropriate consequences for illegal use of drugs; 
‘‘(iii) dissemination of drug prevention information to schools and communities; 
‘‘(iv) professional development and training for, and involvement of, school personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, parents, and interested community members in prevention, education, early identification and intervention, mentoring, or rehabilitation referral, as related to drug prevention; or 
specialized instructional support personnel or providing additional specialized instructional support services, including comprehensive career counseling, with priority given to the highest need schools to be served by the eligible entity; 
students with activeduty military and recently discharged veteran parents; and 
‘‘(vi) programs to purchase and train personnel to use automated external defibrillators and hemorrhage control kits; 
safety or disrupt teaching and learning, including programs to purchase and train personnel to use automated external defibrillators and hemorrhage control kits; 
onset, perception of health risk, and perception of social disapproval of drug use and violence by youth in schools and communities; 
‘‘(iii) the safety of both the school and passage to and from school, as measured by a school climate survey; 
‘‘(vi) academic and developmental transitions, including from elementary to middle school and middle school to high school; 
‘‘(ix) evidence of increased student engagement in school, which may include completing of assignments and coming to class prepared and ontime; 
health, the number and percentage of students who participate in at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity 5 days a week, and the amelioration of risk factors; 
educational agency that receives funds under this part shall annually prepare and submit to the Secretary a report that contains all 
funds provided under this part shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or local funds that would, in the absence of such grant funds, be made available for comprehensive systems of learning supports and students participating in programs under this part. 
data’ means data from incident reports by school officials including, but not limited to, truancy rates; the frequency, seriousness, and incidence of violence and drugrelated offenses resulting in suspensions and expulsions; the incidence of bullying and harassment, and the incidence and prevalence of drug use and violence by students in schools. 
of learning supports’ means the multifaceted, and cohesive resources, strategies, and practices that provide classroom based or schoolwide interventions to address the academic, behavioral, emotional, physical health, mental health, and social needs of students and families to improve student learning, teacher instruction and school management. 
‘local eligible entity’ means a consortium consisting of community representatives that— 
The term ‘multitiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated supports that includes evidencebased instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, researchbased interventions matched to student needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
communication, that adversely affects the ability of 1 or more students to participate in and benefit from the school’s educational programs or activities by placing the student (or students) in reasonable fear of physical harm; and 
‘‘(XI) state of homelessness; ‘‘(ii) any other distinguishing characteristics that may be defined by a State or local educational agency; or 
communication, that adversely affects the ability of 1 or more students to participate in and benefit from the school’s educational programs or activities because the conduct, as reasonably perceived, is so severe, persistent, or persuasive; and 
INTERVENTION .—The term ‘juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity prevention and intervention’ means the provision of programs and resources to children and families who have not yet had substantial contact with criminal justice or juvenile justice systems or to youth who are involved in, or who are identified by evidencebased risk assessment methods as being at high risk of continued involvement in, juvenile delinquency or criminal street gangs, that— 
The members of a PROMISE Coordinating Council shall be representatives of public and private sector entities and individuals that— 
at least one representative from each of the following: 
‘‘(xii) a State juvenile correctional entity; ‘‘(xiii) a local business community representative; and 
who have an interest in the local juvenile or criminal justice systems; 
‘‘(ii) youth between the ages of 15 and 24 
who reside in the jurisdiction of the unit or Tribe; and 
based organizations that provide effective delinquency prevention and intervention to youth in the jurisdiction of the eligible entity; and 
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instructional support personnel’ means school counselors, school social workers, school psychologists, school nurses, and other qualified professionals involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, medical, and other necessary services (including related services, as such term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401)) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through college or into the workforce. 
to carry out this part $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘FullService Community Schools Act of 2015’. 
State, local, and private sector resources that serve children and families. 
and other community organizations as partners in the development and operation of fullservice community schools. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘fullservice community school’ means a public elementary or secondary school that— 
grants to eligible entities to assist public elementary or secondary schools to function as fullservice community schools. 
qualified services and provide not less than 2 additional qualified services at 2 or more public elementary or secondary schools; 
services provided by communitybased organizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide qualified services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
academic, physical, social, emotional, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
‘‘(ii) the proportion of families and students to be served, and the frequency of services. 
including an increase in the percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, which are consistent with the following objectives: 
and provide a positive climate for learning that is free from bullying or harassment. 
achievement, including assessments, classroom grades, and other means of assessing student performance. 
‘‘(ii) Attendance (including absences related to illness and truancy) and chronic absenteeism rates. 
‘‘(iii) Disciplinary actions against students, including suspensions and expulsions. 
family members in schoolsanctioned activities and activities that occur as a result of community and school collaboration, as well as activities intended to support adult education and workforce development. 
and additional qualified services, to be coordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an explanation of— 
fulltime coordination of qualified services at each fullservice community school, including coordination with existing specialized instructional support personnel. 
and oversight of qualified services at each school to be served, including the role of the school principal, partner entities, parents, and members of the community. 
to be coordinated and provided at each school to be served, whether such funding is derived from a grant under this section or from other Federal, State, local, or private sources. 
for personnel managing, coordinating, or delivering qualified services at the schools to be served. 
program developed pursuant to this section to meet principles of effectiveness, such program shall be based upon— 
measures aimed at ensuring the availability and effectiveness of highquality services; and 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to eligible entities that— 
fullservice community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1114, as part of a community or districtwide strategy; or 
comprised of a broad representation of stakeholders, or a consortium demonstrating a history of effectiveness. 
may not award a grant to an eligible entity under this section in an amount that is less 
than $75,000 for each year of the 5year grant period. 
means qualified services already being financed, as of the time of the application, by Federal, State, local or private sources, or volunteer activities being supported as of such time by civic, business, faithbased, social, and other similar organizations; and 
grants to State collaboratives to support the development of fullservice community school programs in accordance with this section. 
this section shall be used only for the following: 
the development of fullservice community schools in the State, particularly schools in highpoverty local educational agencies, including highpoverty rural local educational agencies. 
this section, a State collaborative shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
among all governmental agencies and nonprofit organizations that will participate as members of the State collaborative. 
the grant will be used to plan, coordinate, and expand the delivery of services at full service community schools. 
that will be used to demonstrate effectiveness, including the measurable performance goals of the program and performance measures to monitor progress and assess services’ impact on students and families and academic achievement. 
collect and evaluate information on full service community schools. 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years. 
may not award a grant to a State collaborative under this section in an amount that is less than $500,000 for each year of the 5 year grant period. 
States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States; and 
collaborative of a State educational agency and not less than 2 other governmental agencies or nonprofit organizations that provide services to children and families. 
on efforts under this part, including a description of— 
Secretary shall conduct evaluations on the effectiveness of grants under sections 4304 and 4305 in achieving the purposes of this part. 
progress achieved with the grant toward achieving the purposes of this part; 
improve activities conducted with the grant and the performance measures for such activities; and 
this part shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
made available to a grantee under this part may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
may not require any grantee under this section to provide matching funds in an amount that exceeds the amount of the grant award. 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider an applicant’s ability to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this part. 
funds under this part shall comply with all existing Federal statutes that prohibit discrimination. 
be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
of the funds allocated for new grants under such section, at least 10 percent shall be made available for local educational agencies that satisfy the requirements of— 
or racial disparities in the use of exclusionary discipline; 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
subpart 1 of part B of title V (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘ Charter School Program ’’. 
system and education opportunities for all Americans by supporting innovation in public education in public school settings that prepare students to compete and contribute to the global economy; 
planning, program design, and initial implementation of charter schools; 
student achievement, families, and communities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
opportunities for students with disabilities, English learners, and other traditionally underserved students to attend charter schools and meet challenging State academic achievement standards; 
transparency in the operational performance of all authorized public chartering agencies, which include State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other authorizing entities.’’. 
the Secretary to carry out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve elementary school and secondary school students by— 
schools, and the replication and expansion of highquality charter schools; 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
amount made available under section 5211 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
recipient of a grant or subgrant under this subpart or subpart 2, as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Secretary and Congress that— 
makes recommendations on the appropriate reservation of funding for such administrative costs.’’. 
such funds for administrative costs which may include technical assistance. 
this Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to States that use a weighted lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, educationally disadvantaged students if— 
for the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
each State entity receiving a grant under this section, shall use a peer review process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
the grant period of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity, review whether the State entity is using the grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds and whether the full amount of the grant will be needed for the remainder of the grant period and may, as determined necessary based on that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallocate the remaining grant funds to other State entities during the succeeding grant competition under this section. 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall award subgrants under this section in a manner that, to the extent possible, ensures that such subgrants— 
award a grant to a State entity under this section in a case in which such award would result in more than 1 grant awarded under this section being carried out in a State at the same time. 
shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
developers, and authorized public chartering agencies of the availability of funds under the program; 
ensure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that they are eligible to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending the charter schools— 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and ‘‘(III) meet the needs of students served 
under such programs, including student with disabilities and English learners; 
to assist students enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to attend other highquality schools; 
agency and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
agency to adequately operate the State entity’s program under this section, where applicable; 
that receives a subgrant under the State entity’s program to open and prepare to operate a new charter school, a replicated, high quality charter school model, or an expanded, highquality charter school— 
such school or model, in a manner consistent with the eligible applicant’s application, after the subgrant funds have expired; 
educational agencies with large numbers of schools identified by the State for improvement, including supporting the use of charter schools to improve, or in turning around, struggling schools; 
promote inclusion of all students, including eliminating any barriers to enrollment for foster youth or unaccompanied homeless youth, and support all students once they are enrolled to promote retention including through the use of fair disciplinary practice; 
‘‘(ix) will work with charter schools on recruitment practices, including efforts to engage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to participate in charter schools, and to ensure such schools do not have in effect policies or procedures that may create barriers to enrollment of students, including educationally disadvantaged students, and are in compliance with all Federal and State laws on enrollment practices; 
‘‘(xi) will ensure the charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including students with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(xiii) in the case of a State entity not described in clause (xiv), will provide oversight of authorizing activity; 
‘‘(xiv) in the case of a State entity defined 
cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools, replicated, highquality charter school models, or expanded, highquality charter schools; 
eligible applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will submit, including— 
‘‘(III) a description of how the eligible applicant will solicit and consider input from 
parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(IV) a description of the planned activities and expenditures for the subgrant funds for purposes of opening and preparing to operate a new charter school, a replicated, highquality charter school model, or an expanded, highquality charter school, and how the school or model will maintain financial sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
with an outside organization to carry out the State entity’s quality charter school program, in whole or in part, of the roles and responsibilities of this partner; 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program consider the transportation needs of the schools’ students; and 
diverse charter school models, including models that serve rural communities. 
description of how the assurances will be met, that— 
under the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations; 
authorized public chartering agency of any charter school that receives funds under the State entity’s program— 
school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including students with disabilities and English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) ensures that each charter school solicits and considers input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of the school; 
‘‘(ii) recruit, enroll, and retain traditionally underserved students, including students with disabilities and English learners, at rates similar to traditional public schools; 
the schools, including, as appropriate, graduation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
annual audits of financial statements conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
to the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the charter school and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as through renewal, nonrenewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
that charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decisionmaking about the public school system in the State; and 
charter school in the State makes publicly available, consistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options available to their children, including information for each school on— 
the State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under the law; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public chartering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and authorized public chartering agencies; and 
consider input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of the charter schools in the State. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to State entities to the extent that they meet the following criteria: 
in a State that allows an entity other than a local educational agency to be an authorized public chartering agency, the State has a quality authorized public chartering agency that is an entity other than a local educational agency. 
that ensures equitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, for charter schools and students in a prompt manner. 
from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local educational agencies. 
schools that support atrisk students through activities such as dropout prevention, dropout recovery, or comprehensive career counseling practices. 
State entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5year grant period and at the end of such grant period, a report on— 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, how many new students were served during each year of the subgrant period; 
and ensured that eligible applicants complied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
under this section to carry out each of the following: 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program to foster community involvement in the planning for and opening of such schools. 
charter schools in the application’s development and the design of the proposed activities; 
to the amount of public funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to charter schools, including how the eligible entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the eligible entity under this section; 
donation, or otherwise) of an interest (including an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
the renovation, repair, or alteration of existing facilities, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
potential lending sources, encouraging private lending, and other similar activities that directly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by providing technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the recruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
statements, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the independent public accountant reviewing the financial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the charter schools served during the reporting period, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance provided to the charter schools; 
an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds which may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
not be construed to impair or affect the authority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a program in which a State makes payments, on a perpupil basis, to charter schools to provide the schools with financing— 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(iii) 60 percent in the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent in the fourth such year; 
grant under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations to provide up to 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering the perpupil facilities aid program. 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per pupil facilities aid programs, operations financing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
clause (ii), to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a perpupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
entities in awarding subgrants under section 5203, and eligible entities and States receiving grants under section 5204; 
school program, including the impact on student achievement, carried out under this subpart. 
otherwise provided in this subsection, grants awarded under this subsection shall have the same terms and conditions as grants awarded to State entities under section 5203. 
the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under this subsection; and 
highquality charter schools within the network of the eligible applicant; 
‘‘(II) demonstrates success in serving students who are educationally disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) does not have a significant proportion of charter schools that have been closed, had their charter revoked for compliance issues, or had their affiliation with such eligible applicant revoked; 
ensure timely closure of lowperforming or financiallymismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in effect for the students in such schools to attend other highquality schools; and 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible applicant’ means an eligible applicant (as defined in section 5210) that— 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
statute authorizing the granting of charters to schools, is exempt from significant State or local rules that inhibit the flexible operation and management of public schools, but not from any rules relating to the other requirements of this paragraph; 
school, or is adapted by a developer from an existing public school, and is operated under public supervision and direction; 
educational objectives determined by the school’s developer and agreed to by the authorized public chartering agency; 
send their children, and admits students on the basis of a lottery if more students apply for admission than can be accommodated, except that in cases in which students who are enrolled in a charter school affiliated 
charter school, those students may be automatically enrolled in the next grade level at such other charter school, so long as a lottery is used to fill seats created through regular attrition in student enrollment; 
with the authorized public chartering agency in the State that includes a description of how student performance will be measured in charter schools pursuant to State assessments that are required of other schools and pursuant to any other assessments mutually agreeable to the authorized public chartering agency and the charter school; and 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a notforprofit organization that manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and oversight. 
planning, program design, and initial implementation of a charter school; and 
charter school’ means a highquality charter school that has either significantly increased its enrollment or added one or more grades to its school. 
term ‘highquality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
of student safety, operational and financial management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
quality charter school model’ means a high quality charter school that has opened a new campus under an existing charter or an additional charter if required or permitted by State law.’’. 
to carry out this subpart $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years.’’. 
1 of part B of title V and inserting the following: 
reduce grant funding awarded to a local educational agency, or a consortium of such agencies, under this part if the agency or consortium does not show progress in the elimination, reduction, or prevention of minority group isolation in its magnet school program over the first 3year period during which the agency or consortium was awarded such grant.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for fiscal year 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016’’. 
U.S.C. 7241 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
preparing more students for postsecondary education and careers, in such subjects, particularly students who are traditionally underrepresented in STEM subject fields; and 
diverse and that STEM education programs must expose students to content and skills in a host of constantly changing and evolving content areas. 
which the amount appropriated to carry out this subpart is less than $250,000,000, the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to enable such eligible entities to carry out the activities described in this subpart. 
subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
an allotment under this subsection may receive less than onehalf of 1 percent of the 
State does not successfully apply for or receive an allotment under this subsection for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
entity will take to ensure that programs implemented by the subgrantees use evidence based strategies, ensure highquality curricula, and provide highquality professional development. 
need of support and persistently low achieving schools; or 
percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
workforce needs in the State in jobs that require knowledge or training in STEM subject areas and a description of how that review will inform efforts to improve education in STEM subjects. 
for students who are traditionally underrepresented in STEM subject fields (including female students, minority students, students who are limited English proficient, students who are children with disabilities, and students from lowincome families) to high quality courses and other learning experiences; 
the principles of universal design for learning as defined in section 103 of the Higher 
mathematics and science State academic assessments and student growth; and 
entity that receives a grant under this subpart shall use not more than 5 percent of the grant funds to carry out each of the following activities: 
the State educational agency, on promising practices to improve student achievement in STEM subject areas. 
such as curricula and assessments, which shall be evidencebased and aligned with State academic standards and may include online education. 
use data systems to continuously improve student achievement in STEM subjects and use the data to better target curriculum and instruction to meet the needs of each student. 
receives a grant under this subpart shall award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible subgrantees. 
mathematics, including such data collected in accordance with the State academic assessments; 
science courses needed to enroll in credit bearing coursework at institutions of higher education in the State; 
‘‘(VII) teacher shortages and teacher distribution among the local educational agencies and schools served by the subgrantee in science and mathematics subjects; and 
any multitiered systems of support that have been employed by the local educational agency served by the subgrantee to address the learning needs of students in any STEM subjects. 
under this subsection will be coordinated with other Federal, State, and local programs and activities, including career and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
leader recruitment, support, evaluation, and professional development in the identified subjects; 
include development and support for instructional coaches, to enable teachers and instructional leaders to increase student achievement in identified subjects, through— 
‘‘(II) differentiation of instruction in identified subjects for all students, including for 
implementing STEM subject initiatives, particularly in the areas of— 
‘‘(III) providing time and support for teachers to plan STEM subject instruction; 
implementation, of multitiered systems of support to provide early intervening services and to increase student achievement in 1 or more of the identified subjects. 
and instructional leaders who are involved in assisting students and preparing students for such competitions, if such activities fall outside the regular duties and responsibilities of such teachers and instructional leaders; and 
participation of lowincome students in such local, regional, or national competitions; 
served by the subgrantee and provide instrumentation as part of a comprehensive program to enhance the quality of STEM instruction, including— 
‘‘(IV) development of instructional programs designed to integrate the laboratory experience with classroom instruction and to be consistent with college and career ready content standards in STEM subjects; 
on laboratory experiences to encourage the interest of students, especially students who are traditionally underrepresented in STEM subject fields (including female students, minority students, students who are limited English proficient, students who are children with disabilities, and students from lowincome families) in STEM subjects and help prepare such students to pursue postsecondary studies in these fields; and 
access to, and interest in, careers that require academic preparation in 1 or more identified subjects; ‘‘(iv) integrate instruction in the identified 
subjects with instruction in reading, English language arts, or other core and noncore academic subjects; 
learning programs for STEM subject teachers using evidencebased curricula. 
may require an eligible subgrantee receiving a subgrant under this subsection to demonstrate that such subgrantee has obtained a commitment from 1 or more outside partners to match, using nonFederal funds, a portion of the amount of subgrant funds, in an amount determined by the State or eligible entity. 
this subpart, an eligible entity shall give priority to subgrantees proposing to target services to— 
Department of Education and the National Science Foundation in the execution of summer workshops, institutes, or partnerships to improve STEM education in elementary and secondary schools; or 
and informal education efforts conducted across Federal agencies into strategies for enhancing and improving STEM education. 
term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ (referred to in this section as the ‘corps’) means a one time program— 
teachers (through a process, and for a duration, determined by the entity described in 
member with a salary supplement of not less than $10,000 per year, in recognition of such teacher’s teaching accomplishments, leadership, and increased responsibilities, for each year such teacher serves as a member of the corps; and 
among corps members to enable such members to network, collaborate, and to share best practices and resources with each other. 
section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years, after which the program under this subsection shall end. 
require a grantee under this section to provide nonFederal matching funds in an amount equal to the amount of grant funds awarded under this section. 
State educational agency receiving an award under section 5403 shall report annually to the Secretary regarding the State educational agency’s progress in addressing the purposes of this subpart. Such report shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
from preschool to kindergarten entry, program settings, funded under the award; 
that is not individually identifiable of children served by the programs funded under the award; 
State educational agency regarding the eligible entity’s progress in addressing the purposes of this subpart. Such report shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this subpart. 
subpart for a fiscal year shall maintain the fiscal effort provided by the State for the subjects supported by the funds under this subpart at a level equal to or greater than the level of such fiscal effort for the preceding fiscal year. 
entity’ means a State educational agency in partnership with— 
childcare programs, statefunded prekindergarten, and part C of Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
providing early learning programs, or 1 or more public or private early learning programs, serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry, such as a Head Start agency, a child care program, or a Statefunded prekindergarten program, as appropriate; 
The term ‘multitiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated supports that includes evidencebased instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, researchbased interventions matched to student needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
partner’ means an entity that has expertise and a demonstrated record of success in improving student learning and engagement in the STEM subjects, including any of the following: 
to carry out this subpart $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for subsequent fiscal years. 
and local educational agencies in the development, coordination, and implementation of comprehensive literacy plans that promote highquality evidence based instruction in alignment with State early learning and college and careerready standards from preschool through grade 12; 
and local educational agencies in improving reading, writing, and literacybased academic achievement for children and students, especially children and students who are lowincome, are English learners, are migratory, are children with disabilities, are Indian or Alaskan Native, are neglected or delinquent, are homeless, are in the custody of the child welfare system, or have dropped out of school; 
development activities and approaches are effective in building knowledge and skills of educators and their use of appropriate and effective practices. 
and local educational agencies in using age appropriate and developmentally appropriate instructional materials and strategies that assist teachers as the teachers work with students to develop reading and writing competencies appropriate to the students’ grade and skill levels; 
college and careerready standards and evidencebased teaching practices and instruction in early childhood education programs serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry; 
schools, early literacy programs, family literacy programs, juvenile justice programs, public libraries, and outsideofschool programs that provide children and youth with strategies, curricula, interventions, and assessments designed to advance early and continuing language and literacy development in ways appropriate for each context; and 
in accordance with section 5424 to enable the State educational agency to— 
amount appropriated under section 5430 for a fiscal year is less than $250,000,000, then the Secretary shall— 
award planning grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies, in accordance with section 5423; and 
‘‘(II) the Secretary of the Interior for programs under sections 5423, 5424, 5425, 5426, and 5427 in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
award planning grants, to State educational agencies serving States, in accordance with section 5423; 
national activities, such as evaluations, training, and technical assistance, to the Department of Education to support comprehensive literacy reform at the State level; and 
agency that receives an allotment under this paragraph shall engage in timely and meaningful consultation with representatives of Indian tribes located in the State in order to 
improve the coordination and quality of activities designed to develop effective approaches to achieve the purposes of this subpart consistent with the cultural, language, and educational needs of Indian students. 
convene a peer review panel to evaluate the application for each grant awarded to a State educational agency under sections 5423 and 5424 and shall make a copy of the peer review comments available to the public. 
funds provided under this subpart shall supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or local funds that would, in the absence of such award funds, be made available for literacy instruction and support of children and students participating in programs assisted under this subpart. 
educational agency that receives an award under sections 5423 and 5424, and each eligible entity that receives a subgrant under section 5426 or 5427, shall maintain for the fiscal year for which the grant or subgrant is received and for each subsequent fiscal year the expenditures of the State educational agency or eligible entity, respectively, for literacy instruction at a level not less than the level of such expenditures maintained by the State educational agency or eligible entity, respectively, for the fiscal year preceding such fiscal year for which the grant or subgrant is received. 
awarded under this section shall be for a period of not more than 1 year. 
shall not award a State educational agency more than 1 planning grant under this section. 
agency may not receive a planning grant under this section at the same time it is receiving an implementation grant under section 5424. 
agency desiring a planning grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
literacy resources and programs, such as school library programs, highquality distance learning programs, and data across the State to identify any literacy needs and gaps in the State. 
implementation plan, including an analysis of child and student literacy data to identify baseline and benchmark levels of literacy and early literacy skills in order to monitor progress and improvement, and a plan to improve literacy levels among all children and students; 
instruction in early literacy development (which includes communication, reading, and writing) in early childhood education programs serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry and in kindergarten through grade 12 programs; 
‘‘(iv) provides for activities designed to improve literacy achievement for students who— 
‘‘(III) attend schools with a high percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); and 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s process of strengthening State literacy standards and embedding State literacy standards with the State’s college and career ready standards, academic achievement standards, and early learning standards. 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s process of measuring, assessing, and monitoring progress in literacy at the school, local educational agency, and State levels. 
professional development providers, which providers may include qualified teachers within the State, for the State educational agency and local educational agencies. 
the State educational agency in the State educational agency’s planning process of building educators’ capacity to provide high quality literacy instruction. 
than 1 year after a State educational agency receives a planning grant under this section, the State educational agency shall submit a report to the Secretary on the State educational agency’s performance of the activities described in this subsection. 
competitive basis or through allotments, respectively, award implementation grants to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies— 
award a implementation grant under this section to a State for any year for which the State has received a planning grant under section 5423. 
have an implementation grant renewed under this paragraph, the State educational agency shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(II) use developmentally appropriate curricula and teaching materials; and 
classroombased instructional assessments and developmentally appropriate screening and diagnostic assessments; and 
agency that desires to receive an implementation grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with all State agencies responsible for administering early childhood education programs, and the State agency responsible for administering child care programs, in the State in writing and implementing the early learning portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
a description of how the State educational agency will— 
‘‘(II) providing training to parents, as appropriate, so that the parents can participate in the literacy related activities described in sections 5426 and 5427 to assist in the language and literacy development of their children; 
‘‘(IV) providing classroombased instruction that is supported by onetoone and small group work; 
‘‘(iii) ensure that local educational agencies in the State have leveraged and are effectively leveraging the resources needed to implement effective literacy instruction, and have the capacity to implement literacy initiatives effectively; 
activities assisted under this section and sections 5426 and 5427 with reading, writing, and other literacy resources and programs across the State and locally that serve children and students and their families and promote literacy instruction and learning, including strengthening partnerships among schools, libraries, local youthserving agencies, and programs, in order to improve literacy for all children and youth; and 
section are awarded in a manner that will provide services to all grade levels, including proportionally to middle schools and high schools. 
English language arts State academic assessments and student growth over time; 
funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities pertaining to learners from preschool through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such implementation grant funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such implementation grant funds shall be used for State and local programs and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(iv) Not more than 10 percent of such implementation grant funds shall be used for the State activities described in section 5425. 
or percentage of children younger than the age of kindergarten entry and the number of students from kindergarten through 17 who are— 
high percentage or number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
leadership team, providing technical assistance or engaging qualified providers to provide technical assistance to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to design and implement a literacy program under sections 5426 and 5427. 
they have a priority for competing for grants under section 5426 and 5427; and 
receive a grant under section 5426 and 5427 technical assistance so that they may re compete in following competitions. 
literacy leadership team and continuing to coordinate with institutions of higher education in the State— 
to strengthen and enhance preservice courses for students preparing, at institutions of higher education in the State, to teach children from preschool through grade 12 in explicit, systematic, and intensive instruction in evidencebased literacy methods; and 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional practices to improve student literacy achievement. 
educational agency personnel, early childhood education programs, and the community for comprehensive literacy instruction for children and students from preschool through grade 12. 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out highquality early literacy initiatives for children from preschool through kindergarten entry. 
enhance the language and literacy aspects of school readiness of children, from preschool through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, including an analysis of the data used to identify how funds will be used to improve language and literacy; 
subgrant, including demographic and socioeconomic information on the children enrolled in the programs; 
a planning period, the eligible entity will use that planning period to prepare for successful implementation of a plan to support the 
development of learning and literacy consistent with the purposes of this subpart; 
and how these initiatives will be coordinated and integrated with activities supported under this section; 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through highquality professional development; 
provide services, incorporate activities, and select and use literacy instructional materials that meet the diverse developmental and linguistic needs of children, including English learners and children with disabilities and developmental delays, and that are based on scientifically valid research on child development and learning for children from preschool through kindergarten entry; 
provide screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, classroombased instructional assessments, and assessments of developmental progress; 
to help children, particularly children experiencing difficulty with oral and written language, to make the transition from early childhood education to formal classroom instruction; 
subgrant will be coordinated with literacy instruction at the kindergarten through grade 5 level; 
this section based on the quality of the applications submitted, including the relationship between literacy activities proposed and the research base or data supporting such activities, as appropriate, and the recommendations of— 
implementing screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, and classroombased instructional assessments. 
support, develop, and administer highquality early learning literacy initiatives that— 
as appropriate, and partnering with families to support their child’s learning. 
‘‘(ii) to stimulate and accelerate improvement by identifying the programs served by the eligible entity that produce significant gains in skills development; and 
‘‘(iii) for all subgroups of students and categories of students that— 
receives a subgrant under this section shall not use more than 10 percent of the subgrant funds to purchase curricula and assessment materials. 
items and data on any assessment authorized under this section to provide rewards or sanctions for individual children, early childhood educators, teachers, program directors, or principals is prohibited. 
period for correction, and an opportunity for a hearing; and ‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance to the 
curricula, materials, and assessments used in the programs funded under the award; 
that is not individually identifiable of children served by the programs funded under the award; 
the program staff who provide literacy instruction under the programs funded under the award, including the experience and qualifications of those staff working with children with disabilities or developmental delays and with English learners and children from preschool to kindergarten entry; 
term ‘characteristics of effective literacy strategies and instruction’ means— 
‘‘(IV) effective language and literacy instruction and teaching strategies aligned to State standards; 
children in shared reading experiences, discussing reading with children, and modeling age and developmentally appropriate reading strategies; 
‘‘(iii) encouraging children’s early attempts at communication, reading, writing, and drawing, and talking about the meaning of the reading, writing, and drawing with others; 
and using oral modeling techniques to build oral language skills; 
‘‘(vi) providing strategic and explicit instruction in the identification of speech sounds, letters, and lettersound correspondence; 
‘‘(ix) using differentiated instructional approaches or teaching strategies, including— 
‘‘(xi) using ageappropriate screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, formative assessments, and summative assessments to identify individual learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor— 
‘‘(II) for children between the ages of preschool and kindergarten entry, progress and development within established norms; 
families, early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, and teachers in the reading and writing achievement of children served under this subpart; 
‘‘(xiii) using a variety of age and developmentally appropriate, high quality materials for language development, reading, and writing; 
‘‘(xiv) encouraging family literacy experiences and practices, and educating teachers, public librarians, and parents and other caregivers about literacy development and child literacy development; and 
explicit instruction in phonological awareness, phonic decoding, vocabulary, reading fluency, and reading comprehension; 
students to write individually and collaboratively with instruction and feedback; 
‘‘(vi) using differentiated instructional approaches, including individual, small group, and classroombased instruction and discussion; 
opportunities for students to use language with the students’ peers and adults to build student language skills; 
systematic and intensive instruction, intervention, and practice to supplement regular instruction, which can be provided inside and outside the classroom as well as during and outside regular school hours; 
materials and technological resources for research and for generating and presenting content and ideas; 
‘‘(xi) coordinating the involvement of families, caregivers, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and teacher literacy teams in the reading and writing achievement of children served under this subpart; 
‘‘(iii) providing direct and explicit instruction that builds academic vocabulary and strategies and knowledge of text structure for reading different kinds of texts within and across core academic subjects; 
texts at the reading, development, and interest level of the students; 
students to write with clear purposes and critical reasoning appropriate to the topic and purpose and with specific instruction and feedback from teachers and peers; 
individual and small group instruction, including intensive supplemental intervention for students reading significantly below grade level, which may be provided inside and outside the classroom as well as during and outside regular school hours; 
technology and multimedia resources for classroom research and for generating and presenting content and ideas; 
‘‘(xi) using screening assessments, diagnostic assessments, formative assessments, and summative assessments to identify learning needs, inform instruction, and monitor student progress and the effects of instruction; 
families and caregivers, to the extent feasible and appropriate as determined by the Secretary, to improve reading, writing, and academic achievement; and 
school librarians, teachers, principals, other school leaders, teacher literacy teams, and English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), that analyze student work and plan or deliver instruction over time. 
components of reading instruction and the essential components of writing instruction. 
student may have in oral language and literacy and the potential cause of such difficulties; and 
‘‘(iii) helping to determine possible literacy intervention strategies and related special needs of the student; and 
providing early childhood education programs, or 1 or more public or private early childhood education programs, serving children from preschool through kindergarten entry (such as a Head Start program, a child care program, a Statefunded prekindergarten program, a public library program, or a family literacy program), that has a demonstrated record of providing effective literacy instruction for the age group such agency or program proposes to serve under section 5426; or 
number or percentage of schools that are identified for school improvement under section 1116; or 
school, such term includes not only the social language proficiency needed to participate in the school environment, but also the academic language proficiency needed to acquire literacy and academic content and demonstrate the student’s learning. 
of reading instruction’ means developmentally appropriate, contextually explicit, systematic instruction, and frequent practice, in reading across content areas. 
of writing instruction’ means developmentally appropriate and contextually explicit instruction, and frequent practice, in writing across content areas. 
term ‘family literacy services’ means literacy services provided on a voluntary basis that are of sufficient intensity in terms of hours and duration and that integrate all of the following activities: 
be the primary teacher for their children and full partners in the education of their children. 
teaching and learning to improve students’ achievement of intended instructional outcomes. 
and expertise of teachers, early childhood educators and administrators, principals, other school leaders, and other program staff in applying— 
‘‘(ii) includes explicit instruction in disciplinespecific thinking and how to read and interpret disciplinespecific text structures and features; 
of effective practices of literacy instruction that are contentcentered, integrated across the curricula, collaborative, and embedded in the school, classroom, or other setting; and 
with children from preschool through kindergarten entry, students in kindergarten through grade 5, and students in grades 6 through 12, and, as appropriate, by student grade or student need. 
reading or writing in a core academic subject consistent with the characteristics of effective literacy instruction; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a literacy coach for 
children from preschool through kindergarten entry, a concentration, credential, or significant experience in child development and early literacy development; and 
guide instructional decisionmaking and use data to improve literacy instruction; 
in and across content areas such as mathematics, science, social studies, and language arts; 
the needs of the full range of learners, including English learners and children with disabilities; 
principals, early childhood educators and administrators, teachers, and other professionals supporting literacy instruction to change school cultures to better encourage and support literacy development and achievement; and 
through kindergarten entry, set developmentally appropriate expectations for language; and 
‘‘(bb) for all children, set literacy development and high reading and writing achievement goals and select, acquire, and use instructional tools and skills to help the children reach such goals; and 
‘‘(ii) to work cooperatively and collaboratively with principals, teachers, and other professionals in employing strategies to help teachers identify and support student language and literacy needs and teach literacy across content areas and developmental domains; and 
‘‘(iii) to work cooperatively and collaboratively with other professionals in employing strategies to help teachers teach literacy across content areas so that the teachers can meet the needs of all students, including children with disabilities, English learners, and students who are reading at or above grade level. 
The term ‘multitiered system of support’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated supports that includes evidencebased instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessments, evidencebased interventions matched to student needs and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
a complex system of deriving meaning from print that requires, in ways that are developmentally, content, and contextually appropriate, all of the following: 
to understand how phonemes, or speech sounds, are connected to print. 
background knowledge and vocabulary to make meaning from a text. 
term ‘scientifically valid research’ has the meaning given the term in section 200 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021). 
in identifying children who may be at high risk for delayed development or academic failure and in need of further diagnosis of the children’s need for special services or additional literacy instruction. 
PERSONNEL (SISP) .—The term ‘Specialized Instructional Support Personnel’ or ‘SISP’ 
means school counselors, school social workers, school psychologists, and other qualified professional personnel involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (included related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
the development and implementation of a statewide, comprehensive literacy plan; 
‘‘(iii) is composed of not less than 11 individuals; and 
literacy expertise in one of each of the areas of— 
‘‘(cc) grades 6 through 12; ‘‘(II) a school principal; ‘‘(III) teachers and administrators with expertise in literacy and special education; 
‘‘(IV) teachers and administrators with expertise in teaching the English language to English learners; 
‘‘(VI) a representative from higher education who is actively involved in research, development, or teacher preparation in literacy instruction and intervention based on scientifically valid research. 
kindergarten entry, how the children have progressed over time relative to developmental norms; and 
grade 12, what the students have learned over time, relative to academic content standards. 
The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
through other media, including technologies, to communicate and to create new knowledge in ways appropriate to the context of the writing and the literacy development stage of the writer; 
conventions, such as spelling and punctuation, suitable to the purpose, audience, and occasion; and 
ideas, coherence, logical development, and precision of language use. 
to carry out this subpart $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for subsequent fiscal years. 
‘‘From the amount appropriated each fiscal year to carry out this subpart, the Secretary— 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in American history, civic education, and geography; 
‘‘(ii) use at least 15 percent to award grants 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in economic and financial literacy education and entrepreneurship education; 
grants to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in foreign language education; 
grants to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs for music and the arts education; and 
to eligible entities under this subpart to carry out proven practices, strategies, or programs in Javits gifted and talented education; and 
that is able to demonstrate each of the following: 
national distribution of educational and instructional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of disadvantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational outreach at the local level. 
schools in need of support or persistently low achieving schools; and 
high percentage and number of children from families with incomes below the poverty line according to the most recent census data approved by the Secretary. 
grants under this subpart for a period of 5 years. 
awarding grants under this subpart, the Secretary shall ensure that grants are of sufficient size and scope. 
be used to supplement, not supplant, Federal and nonFederal funds available to support child and youth services. 
entity may apply for one or more grant programs under this subpart, and may use a consolidated application to apply for more than one grant program under this subpart . 
practice, strategy, or program is evidence based and will improve teaching practices as well as student achievement or student academic growth especially with highneed student populations. 
strategy that students have access to a well rounded education. 
practice, strategy, or program will be aligned with school improvement plans. 
adequately address the needs of students with disabilities and English learners. 
for data collection, analysis, and dissemination of results and outcomes, including an assurance that the applicant will make this information publicly available and accessible to educators, researchers, and other experts. 
provide for the completion of an independent evaluation of the project (including through the use of formative and summative evaluation methodologies) during the grant period to assess its impact on student achievement, student academic growth, student engagement, and other program goals, including its potential for replication and expansion. 
existing practice, strategy, or program with at least moderate evidence, a description of how the applicant proposes to reach additional participants in such practice, strategy, or program. 
receives a grant under this subpart shall carry out one or more of the following: 
practices, strategies, and programs in the applicable content area. 
development for teachers in the applicable content area in order to improve classroom practices. 
resources or other innovative uses of technology that are designed to serve students at all levels of achievement. 
a State educational agency, the eligible entity may also provide technical assistance to local programs within the State. 
for teachers and students to improve their knowledge of the concepts and tools of geography while enhancing understanding of their home region; and 
principles involved with earning, spending, saving, investing, credit, and insurance; and 
business community to the fullest extent possible to reinforce the connection between economic and financial literacy; and 
the community with the schools in order to promote twoway language learning. 
such as computerassisted instruction, language laboratories, or distance learning, to promote foreign language study. 
as foreign language immersion, partial foreign language immersion, or contentbased instruction. 
foreign language exposure for students domestically, such as the creation of immersion environments in the classroom and school, on weekend or summer experiences, and special tutoring and academic support. 
and secondary schools in other countries to facilitate language and cultural learning and exchange. 
level course work, disseminated through technologies (including distance learning), for individual students or groups of students in schools and local educational agencies that would not otherwise have the resources to provide such course work. 
development for school personnel involved in the teaching of highachieving, educationally disadvantaged students, such as instructional staff, principals, counselors, and psychologists. 
parents of highachieving, educationally disadvantaged students to support educational excellence for such students. 
educational and instructional video programming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facilitate student academic achievement; 
or through contracts with producers of children and family educational television programming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
and training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to distance learning technologies, that are designed— 
under this subpart shall conduct an independent programlevel evaluation and submit preliminary results to the Secretary at such a time and in such manner as the Secretary may require in order to determine the eligible entity’s eligibility to continue to receive funding under this subpart. 
activities that shall be carried out under this section are as follows: 
on, and identifying, effective programs and best practices and disseminating that information to States, local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, and other stakeholders. 
programs, including writing programs for teachers across disciplines and at all grade levels. 
programming (including early literacy programming) for a public telecommunications entity. 
an eligible educational entity under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to an entity that provides support to the eligible entities receiving a grant under this subpart or eligible entities receiving a grant under the subpart 1 or 2 to develop instructional systems that provide— 
to carry out this subpart $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. 
growth, and collegeandcareer readiness of students who have developed the ability to think critically, apply knowledge to solve complex problems, work collaboratively, communicate effectively, be selfdirected, and be responsible digital citizens; 
leadership, management, knowledge, and skills to design, develop, and implement a school or local educational agencywide digital age learning environment; and 
used to address the networking needs of a recipient of such funds for which the recipient 
is eligible to receive support under the E rate program, except that such funds may not be duplicative of support received by the recipient under the Erate program. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be construed to permit a recipient of funds under this subpart to purchase goods or services using such funds without ensuring that the purchase is free of any conflict of interest between such recipient, or any partner of such recipient, and the person or entity receiving such funds. 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience and encompasses a wide spectrum of tools and practices, including— 
term ‘students with disabilities’ means students with disabilities as defined under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. 
term ‘student technology literacy’ means student knowledge and skills in using contemporary information, communication, and learning technologies in a manner necessary for successful employment, lifelong learning, and citizenship in the knowledgebased, digital, and global 21st century, including, at a minimum, the ability to— 
term ‘technology readiness survey’ means a survey completed by a local educational agency that provides standardized information comparable to the information collected through the technology readiness survey administered under the Race to the Top Assessment program under section 14006 of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) on the quantity and types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students served by the local educational agency, including computer devices, Internet connectivity, operating systems, related network infrastructure, data systems, and— 
which instruction, additional student support, and professional development is delivered in digital formats, media, and platforms and is available to students and educators at any time; 
educators to use assessments and other student data to personalize and strengthen instruction and identify professional development needs and priorities; and 
the State educational agency serving the local educational agency; and 
community needs to ensure students have adequate online access and access to devices for schoolrelated work during outofschool time. 
Agency’s longterm goals and strategies for improving student academic achievement, including through student technology literacy, through the effective use of technology. 
achieve collegeandcareer readiness and technology literacy, including by providing highquality education opportunities to economically or geographically isolated student populations. 
learning, including support to increase personalization for and engagement of students in pursuit of collegeandcareer readiness and technology literacy; and 
build the technological capacity and infrastructure (including through local purchasing of eligible technology), necessary for the full implementation of online assessments for all students, (including students with disabilities and Englishlanguage learners) and to— 
technology readiness in the State as determined by local educational agency responses to the technology readiness survey, including— 
of the local educational agencies served by the State educational agency have completed and submitted the technology readiness survey to the State educational agency; and 
technology readiness survey for each such local educational agency are made available to the Secretary and the public through the Website of the local educational agency. 
under section 104 will be carried out by the local educational agency staff with responsibility for leadership, coordination, and implementation of instructional and other classroom technologies. 
persistently low achieving or in need of support to remedy resource inequities identified in school improvement plans as described in section 1116; or 
of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
under this subpart, the State educational agency shall give priority to local educational agencies proposing to target services to— 
number of students that are eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
improve educational productivity, and deliver computerbased and online assessment; 
or innovative strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, including digital learning technologies and assistive technology. 
making publicly available on the Websites of the State educational agency promising practices to improve technology instruction, and acquiring and implementing technology tools and applications. 
accommodations available to Englishlanguage learners and students with disabilities; and 
with 1 or more State educational agencies receiving such a grant to carry out the State activities described in clause, including purchasing eligible technology; 
educational agencies for the purchase of eligible technology that are— 
agency or the State purchasing consortium of the State educational agency; and 
agencies for or require use of any specific commercial products and services by local educational agencies; 
participate in a State purchasing consortia or local purchasing consortia; or 
appropriated under section 5459 is less than $750,000,000 for any fiscal year, a State educational agency— 
build the technological capacity and infrastructure (including through local purchasing of eligible technology), necessary for the full implementation of online assessments for all students (including students with disabilities and Englishlanguage learners) and to— 
that will coordinate and carry out the activities under this section, including individuals with responsibility and expertise in instructional technology, teachers that specialize in supporting students with disabilities and Englishlanguage learners, school leaders, technology officers, and staff responsible for assessments and data analysis; 
under the technology readiness survey completed by the local educational agency. 
opportunities for teachers, paraprofessionals, library and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, technology coordinators, and administrators in the effective use of modern information and communication technology tools and digital resources to deliver instruction, curriculum and school classroom management, including for classroom teachers to assess, support, and provide engaging student learning opportunities, including professional development that— 
interactions with instructors, facilitators, and peers and is directly related to upto date teaching methods in content areas; 
‘‘(IV) includes strategies and tools for improving communication with parents and family engagement; 
such as instructional videos, training documents, or learning modules; 
strategies, pedagogy, and assessment in the core academic subjects that involve the use of technology and curriculum redesign as key components of supporting effective, innovative teaching and learning, and improving student achievement; 
the use of educational technologies to ensure every educator achieves and maintains technology literacy, including possessing and maintaining the knowledge and skills to use technology— 
school leaders to provide and promote leadership in the use of— 
digitalage learning environment, including the capacity to lead the reform or redesign of curriculum, instruction, assessment; and 
order to increase student learning opportunity, student technology literacy, student access to technology, and student engagement in learning; and 
professional development and regular intervals of learner feedback and data; and 
directly with teachers, including through the preparation of teachers as technology leaders or master teachers— 
serve as experts and to create professional development opportunities for other teachers in the effective use of technology; and 
as distance learning and online virtual educatortoeducator peer communities, as a means to support ongoing, participatory professional growth around the integration of 
‘‘(ii) innovative approaches to ongoing professional development such as nonstandard achievement recognition strategies, including digital badging, gamification elements, use of learnercreated learning objects, integration of social and professional networking tools, rating and commenting on learning artifacts, and personalization of professional development; and 
with other such local educational agencies to carry out the activities described in this subsection, including purchasing eligible technology; and 
acquired and types of programs funded under this title and how such technology is being used; 
about such students, such as rates of credit accumulation, course taking and completion, and college enrollment and persistence; 
section 5459, the Secretary may reserve up to 30 percent to— 
evaluation, and expansion of innovative, evidencebased practices, programs, and strategies in order to significantly— 
rates of college persistence, and rates of attainment of other postsecondary credentials; 
amounts appropriated under section 5459, the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent to— 
Research Projects AgencyEducation (in this section referred to as ‘ARPAED)’ to— 
learning, fundamental and applied sciences, and engineering that may be translated into new learning technologies; 
the direction of the Director of ARPA–ED, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. 
with such entities as the Secretary may prescribe in regulations. 
and utility of such awards and transactions to education practitioners. 
representative from a comprehensive center established under 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602) or the regional laboratories system established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act (20 U.S.C. 9564). 
will contribute to the overall rigor and quality of ARPA–ED. 
Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the panel convened under this subsection and any appointee to such panel shall not be considered an ‘employee’ under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
under 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602); 
based seminars for potential applicants, including applicants from rural areas; 
in the review of applications submitted under section 5354; 
consultation with the regional educational laboratories established under part D of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9561 et seq.) and comprehensive centers established under section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), developed with grant funds provided under this part, including best practices developed with grant funds in rural areas; 
agencies, nonprofits, and the private sector to carry out advanced research and development activities, including research and activities in rural areas; and 
consistent with section 24 of the Stevenson Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719). 
amounts appropriated under this section and not reserved under section 5452, the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to carry out the activities described in section 5455. 
shall award grants to eligible entities under this section for a period of not more than 3 years, and may extend such grants for an additional 2year period if the eligible entity demonstrates to the Secretary that it is 
making significant progress on the program performance measures identified in section 5456. 
ensure that not less than 25 percent of the funds awarded under this section for any fiscal year are for projects that meet both of the following requirements: 
urbancentric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
nonprofit organization with demonstrated expertise in serving students from rural areas. 
by the project are designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43, or a combination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
this section, the Secretary may give priority to an eligible entity that includes, in its application under section 5354, a plan to— 
differentiated school staffing models for effective teachers or principals to expand their impact on student learning; 
other area of school innovation, as determined by the Secretary; and 
Native American, Alaska Native, or migrant children in school. 
proposed by the eligible entity will have a statistically significant effect on student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other performance measures. 
proposed by the eligible entity will improve student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other performance measures. 
that the activities proposed by the eligible entity will improve student academic achievement, student growth, graduation rates, or outcomes on other performance measures. 
desires to receive a grant under section 5453 shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
students that the eligible entity plans to serve under the proposed project, including the percentage of those students who are from lowincome families, and the number of students to be served through additional expansion after the grant ends; 
has established one or more partnerships with the private sector, which may include philanthropic organizations, and that the partner or partners will provide matching funds, except that the Secretary may waive, on a casebycase basis, the matching funds requirement under this paragraph upon a showing of exceptional circumstances, such as the difficulty of raising matching funds for a project to serve a rural area; 
grant funding under section 5453 ends, including a plan for dissemination of best practices and collaboration with other local educational agencies; 
has incorporated input and feedback from educators working in the area to be served; 
organization has helped at least one high need school or highneed local educational agency significantly— 
helped at least one highneed school or high need local educational agency significantly— 
least 1 school or local educational agency make a significant improvement, as applicable, in other outcomes on the performance measures described in section 5456; 
entity’s plan for independently evaluating the effectiveness of activities carried out with funds under section 5453; 
third parties for validation and further study consistent with protections established by applicable Federal, State, and local privacy requirements and other on provisions on the protection of personally identifiable information; and 
a minimum, one of the following areas of school innovations: 
based on rigorous standards that build toward college and career readiness and measuring students’ mastery using highquality assessments aligned to those standards. 
of an eligible entity receiving a grant under section 5453 that is nonprofit organization such eligible entity may use the grant funds to make subgrants to other entities to provide support to one or more highneed schools or highneed local educational agencies. Any entity receiving a subgrant under this subsection shall comply with the requirements of this part for eligible entities, as appropriate. 
the children served by the agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; or 
educational agencies in the State, based on student poverty. 
in which not less than 50 percent of the enrolled students are children eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
percent of the enrolled students are children eligible for free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), which may be calculated using comparable data from feeder schools. 
leader’ means a teacher who has demonstrated effectiveness and assumes leadership responsibilities to work with other teachers to raise student achievement in multiple classrooms. 
to carry out this subpart $750,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’. 
Title V of the Act (20 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is 
a amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
local educational agencies, communitybased organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the educational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between parents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of children. 
this part with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1118 and other provisions of this Act. 
section 4306, the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to statewide organizations (and consortia of such organizations and State educational agencies), to establish Statewide Family Engagement Centers that provide comprehensive training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local educational agencies, organizations that support familyschool partnerships, and other organizations that carry out parent education and family engagement in education programs. 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the applicant, including a letter from the applicant outlining the commitment to work with the center. 
for building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that includes— 
funds received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and communitybased organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvantaged students, including English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migratory students; 
staff with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(ii) parent training and information centers and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
funds received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assistance for evidencebased parent education programs; 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; and 
parents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency. 
children, teachers, school leaders, counselors, administrators, and other school personnel; 
fiscal year for which an organization or consortium receives assistance under this section, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the application that a portion of the services provided by the organization or consortium is supported through non Federal contributions, which may be in cash or inkind. 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a Statewide Family Engagement Center from— 
with a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
this section shall take any action that infringes in any manner on the right of a parent to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with local Indian or Indianserving nonprofit parent organizations to establish and operate Family Engagement Centers. 
to carry out this part $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for subsequent fiscal years.’’. 
secondary school graduation rates and the percentage of students who complete a recognized postsecondary credential by the age of 26, including among lowincome students and students from other populations underrepresented in higher education. 
‘‘dual enrollment program’’ means an academic program through which a secondary school student is able simultaneously to earn credit toward a secondary school diploma and a postsecondary degree or credential. 
‘‘early college high school’’ means a secondary school that provides a course of study that enables a student to earn a secondary school diploma and either an associate’s degree or one to two years of postsecondary credit toward a postsecondary degree or credential. 
entity’’ means a local educational agency, which may be an educational service agency, in a collaborative partnership with an institution of higher education. Such partnership also may include other entities, such as a nonprofit organization with experience in youth development. 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
Secretary shall reserve not less than 45 percent of such funds to support dual enrollment programs (other than early college high schools) under section 535. 
ensure that grants are of sufficient size to enable grantees to carry out all required activities and otherwise meet the purposes of this subtitle, except that a grant under this section may not exceed $2,000,000. 
received in each of the first and second years of the grant. 
entity to satisfy the requirement of this subsection through inkind contributions. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applicants— 
early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs, such as assistance to defray the costs of higher education (including costs of tuition, fees, and textbooks). 
early college high school or dual enrollment program, during the first year of the grant— 
of courses in collaboration with (at a minimum) teachers from the local educational agency and faculty from the partner institution of higher education; 
about the school or program and opportunities to become actively involved in the school or program; 
joint professional development for secondary school and faculty from the institution of 
students that complement classroom experiences, such as internships, careerbased capstone projects, and opportunities provided under chapters 1 and 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–11 et seq.); 
educators from an institution of higher education to collaborate. 
section 535, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
its experience with early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs, key personnel from each partner and their responsibilities for the early college high school or dual enrollment program, and how the eligible entity will work with secondary and postsecondary teachers, other public and private entities, communitybased organizations, businesses, labor organizations, and parents to ensure that students will be prepared to succeed in postsecondary education and employment, which may include the development of an advisory board; 
but not limited to, small group activities, tutoring, literacy and numeracy skill development in all academic disciplines, parental and community outreach and engagement, extended learning time, and college readiness activities, such as early college academic seminars and counseling; 
school, how a graduation and career plan will be developed, consistent with State graduation requirements, for each student and reviewed each semester; 
the institution of higher education and the local educational agency, including regarding academic calendars, provision of student services, curriculum development, and professional development; 
teachers in the early college high school or other dual enrollment program receive appropriate professional development and 
utilize effective parent and community engagement strategies, and help Englishlanguage learners, students with disabilities, and students from diverse cultural backgrounds to succeed; 
complement classroom experiences, such as internships, careerbased capstone projects, and opportunities provided under chapters 1 and 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a– 11 et seq.); 
taken will ensure that postsecondary credits earned will be transferable to, at a minimum, public institutions of higher education within the State, consistent with existing statewide articulation agreements; 
institution of higher education will work together, as appropriate, to collect and use data for student and instructional improvement and program evaluation; 
leverage additional resources necessary to sustain the early college high school or other dual enrollment program after the grant expires, including by engaging businesses and nonprofit organizations. 
school, the majority of courses offered, including postsecondary courses, will be offered at facilities of the institution of higher education; 
transcribed upon completion of the requisite course work; and 
meet the normal standards for faculty established by the institution of higher education. 
Secretary shall establish peer review panels to review applications submitted pursuant to section 537 to advise the Secretary regarding such applications. 
The Secretary shall ensure that each peer review panel is not comprised wholly of full time officers or employees of the Federal Government and includes, at a minimum— 
education for efforts to support or establish early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs. 
ensure that grants are of sufficient size to enable grantees to carry out all required activities. 
contribute matching funds from nonFederal sources toward the costs of carrying out activities under this section, which funds shall represent not less than 50 percent of the grant amount. 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to States that provide assistance to early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs, such as assistance to defray the costs of higher education, such as tuition, fees, and textbooks. 
this section, a State agency shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
additional resources necessary to sustain early college high schools or other dual enrollment programs; and 
grant under this section shall use such funds for— 
that secondary school students, their families, and community members are aware of early college high schools and dual enrollment programs in the State; 
strategy for expanding access to early college high schools and dual enrollment programs for students who are underrepresented in higher education to raise statewide rates of secondary school graduation, readiness for postsecondary education, and completion of postsecondary degrees and credentials, with a focus on atrisk students, including identifying any obstacles to such a strategy under State law or policy; 
college high schools and other dual enrollment programs, such as brokering relationships and agreements that forge a strong partnership between elementary and secondary and postsecondary partners; 
the effectiveness and ensure the quality of early college high schools and dual enrollment programs, such as access, funding, data and quality assurance, governance, accountability and alignment policies; 
college high schools and dual enrollment programs from across the State and from other States; and 
or advanced training, in military service, and in employment. 
designee shall visit each grantee at least once for the purpose of helping the grantee achieve the goals of this subtitle and to monitor the grantee’s progress toward achieving such goals. 
6 months after the date on which funds are appropriated to carry out this subtitle, the 
Secretary shall enter into a contract with an independent organization to perform an evaluation of the grants awarded under this subtitle. Such evaluation shall apply rigorous procedures to obtain valid and reliable data concerning participants’ outcomes by social and academic characteristics and monitor the progress of students from secondary school to and through postsecondary education. 
shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities concerning best practices in early college high schools and dual enrollment programs and shall disseminate such best practices among eligible entities and State and local educational agencies. 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded to the employees of local educational agencies (including schools) or institutions of higher education under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
Title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.), as amended 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is amended— 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; 
of 2001’’ each place it appears and insert ‘‘Student Success Act’’; and 
by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities— 
and other staff who serve Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide culturally appropriate and effective instruction to such students.’’. 
subpart to support the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities to improve the academic achievement of American Indian and Alaska Native students by meeting their unique cultural, language, and educational needs. 
culturally related academic needs of Indians and Alaska Natives; 
agency, Indian tribe, or Indian organization that meets the eligibility requirements 
under this section may form a consortium with other eligible local educational agencies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations for the purpose of obtaining grants and operating programs under this subpart. 
under section 7114, an assurance that the eligible Indian children served by such local educational agency will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
activities address the unique cultural, language, and educational needs of Indian students;’’; 
reservations located within 50 miles of any of the schools that have children in any such school;’’. 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) determined that the program will directly enhance the educational experience of Indian and Alaska Native students; and’’; and 
combination with other programs to meet the unique needs of Indian children and their families, including programs that promote parental involvement— 
in its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce benefits to the Indian students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program.’’. 
Indian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local educational agency shall maintain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate determination to be made for such child for a subsequent application for a grant under this subpart. 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student.’’. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title VII is amended 
by adding at the end the following new section: 
contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency upon request, in addition to any technical assistance available under section 1116 or available through the Institute of Education Sciences, to support the services and activities described under this section, including for the— 
title with other educational activities established by the local educational agency; and 
title with programs administered by each Federal agency providing grants for the provision of educational and related services.’’. 
and effective Indian teachers and administrators serving Indian students; 
individuals to become teachers, administrators, social workers, and other educators; and’’; 
such as students who may not be of traditional college age, to become teachers or principals; 
grant to support the recruitment, preparation, and professional development of Indian teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high proportion of Indian students; and 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘Office of Indian Education Programs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
Subpart 3 of part A of title VII (20 U.S.C. 
7451 et seq.) is amended by striking sections 7132 through 7136 and inserting the following: 
section to improve educational opportunities and academic achievement of Indian and Alaska Native students through Native American language programs and to foster the acquisition of Native American language. 
this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organization, federally supported elementary school or secondary school for Indian students, Indian institution (including an Indian institution of higher education), or a consortium of such entities. 
shall award grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out the following activities: 
a Native American language for not less than 10 children for an average of not less than 500 hours per year per student; 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
shall award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant. 
‘average’ means the aggregate number of hours of instruction through the use of a Native American language to all students enrolled in a Native American language program during a school year divided by the total number of students enrolled in the program. 
Director of the Bureau of Indian Education, shall conduct a study of the relationship among State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other relevant State and local agencies, and tribes or tribal representatives to— 
collaboration among those entities that result in the provision of better services to Indian students; and 
greater State educational agency and tribal education agency collaboration is needed; 
serving Indian students, especially such students who are at risk of academic failure.’’. 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is amended— 
ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION ’’ after ‘‘ NATIVE HA WAIIAN EDUCATION ’’; and 
unique indigenous people with a historical continuity to the original inhabitants of the Hawaiian archipelago, whose society was organized as a nation and internationally recognized as a nation by the United States, and many other countries. 
United States and the Native Hawaiian people has been recognized and reaffirmed by the United States, as evidenced by the inclusion of Native Hawaiians in many Federal statutes, including— 
as the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’ (42 U.S.C. 1996)); 
and Native Hawaiian Culture and Art Development Act (20 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.); 
higher education and among adults who have completed 4 or more years of college. 
students served by the State of Hawaii Department of Education rose 30 percent from 1980 to 2008, and there are and will continue to be geographically rural, isolated areas with a high Native Hawaiian population density. 
with their own spiritual and traditional beliefs, customs, practices, language, and social institutions.’’. 
Federal, State, and local agencies to more effectively and efficiently focus resources, including resources made available under this part, on the development and implementation of— 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grantmaking entity; 
Maui County from the Island of either Molokai or Lanai; 
on the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who appointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or provider of Native Hawaiian education or cultural activities, with traditional cultural experience given due consideration. 
designee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a recipient of grant funds that are awarded under this part. 
a designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
shall select a Chair and a Vice Chair from among the members of the Education Council. 
TO EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Council shall meet at the call of the Chair of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this section. 
as through the issuance of reports and recommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources relating to Native Hawaiian education. 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
the community on the outcomes of the activities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
The Education Council shall use funds made available through the grant under this section to prepare and submit to the Secretary, before the end of each calendar year, annual reports that contain— 
available to address such needs, including the effectiveness of such programs in improving educational performance of Native Hawaiians; and 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the authorizing committees a report that— 
funds under this subpart and the information gathered since the first annual report submitted by the Education Council to the Secretary under this section; and 
changes in Federal, State, and local policy to advance the purposes of this subpart. 
carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
agency, institution of higher education, or a State educational agency apply for a grant or contract as part of a partnership or consortium with a nonprofit entity serving underserved communities within the Native Hawaiian population. 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include— 
statewide Native Hawaiian early education system to provide a continuum of highquality early learning services for Native Hawaiian children; 
reading and literacy in either the Hawaiian or the English language among Native Hawaiian students; 
needs of Native Hawaiian students who are gifted and talented, including— 
such students in a manner designed to assist in the educational progress of such students; 
ability of teachers who teach in schools with high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students to meet the unique needs of such students; and 
Native Hawaiians, and other individuals who live in communities with a high concentration of Native Hawaiians, to become teachers; 
learning centers that address the needs of Native Hawaiian students, parents, families, and communities through the coordination of public and private programs and services, including— 
the unique cultural and educational needs of Native Hawaiian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified Native Hawaiian elders and seniors; 
designed to help educators improve the college and career readiness of Native Hawaiian students; 
purposes of this part, to meet the educational needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults. 
schools that serve high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students. 
access to, Hawaiian culture and history, such as through digital archives. 
Secretary shall provide a copy of all direct grant applications to the Education Council. 
apply to any nonprofit entity or Native Hawaiian communitybased organization that receives a grant or other funds under this part. 
be appropriated to carry out this section, and sections 7204 and 7205, such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. 
U.S.C. 7511 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ″Alaska Native Educational Equity, Support, and Assistance Act 
support to efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alaska Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Public Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive educational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor operate or fund Alaska Native education programs. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives. 
languages and cultures in the educational success and longterm wellbeing of Alaska Native students. 
and languages into education, develop Alaska Native students’ positive identity, and support local placebased and culturebased curriculum and programming. 
appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies to focus resources, including resources made available under this part, on meeting the educational needs of Alaska Natives. 
by Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, management, and evaluation of programs designed to serve Alaska Natives students, and to ensure Alaska Native organizations play a meaningful role in providing supplemental educational services to Alaska Native students. 
programs that meet the purposes of this subpart, the Secretary is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with: 
in partnership with State educational agencies and local educational agencies. 
provided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of elementary and secondary education: 
of plans, methods, strategies, and activities to improve the academic achievement of Alaska Native students by meeting their 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of elementary and secondary education: 
cultural diversity, languages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and disseminate best practices and introduce successful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(iv) Methods to evaluate teachers’ inclusion of diverse Alaska Native cultures in their lesson plans. 
professional development programs to prepare teachers to develop appreciation for, and understanding of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students and incorporate them into lesson plans. 
‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of Alaska Natives, and other individuals who live in communities with high a concentration of Alaska Natives, to become teachers. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the certification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, and superintendents. 
to enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children, and incorporate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
Native students’ graduation rates and prepare Alaska Native students to be college or career ready upon graduation from high school, such as— 
leadership, communication, Native culture, music and the arts, and languages; 
‘‘(III) providing instruction in Alaska Native history and ways of living to students and teachers in the local school district; 
‘‘(IV) intergenerational learning and internship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
Alaska Native students that are designed to improve academic proficiency and graduation rates, utilize strategies otherwise permissible under this subpart, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous evaluation component. 
technical assistance and support to schools and communities to engage adults in promoting the academic progress and overall wellbeing of Alaska Native people such as through child and youth development, positive youthadult relationships, improved conditions for learning (school climate, student connection to school and community), and increased connections between schools and families. 
operational activities of regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska to provide students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
demonstrate effectiveness in building respect, understanding, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity to promote their pursuit of and success in completing higher education or career training. 
purpose of this part, to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native children and adults. 
provided to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for the fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the Alaska Native Organization seeking the grant or contract submits an application to the Secretary in such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
this part shall inform each local educational agency serving students who would participate in the program to be carried out under the grant or contract about the application. 
term ‘Alaska Native 0rganization’ means a federally recognized tribe or a tribal organization (as the terms are defined by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), and a consortium of such entities, that— 
title VII (20 U.S.C. 7541 et seq.) is repealed. 
striking ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’. 
the consolidation of 2 or more school districts, at least one of which was eligible for assistance under this section for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation, if— 
‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2016, and each subsequent fiscal year, the local educational agency includes the designation in its application under section 8005 or any timely amendment to such application. 
Aid Improvement Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total student enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total student enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the average perpupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average perpupil expenditure of 3 or more 
comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for 
general fund purposes that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(cc) has a tax rate for general fund purposes which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for comparable local educational agencies in the State; 
has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and 
(ii) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: 
educational agency shall be deemed to meet the average tax rate requirements for general fund purposes of this paragraph if the average tax rate calculation submitted to the Department by the agency has been— 
agency in which the applying agency resides to meet the  requirements of this paragraph for average tax rate for general fund purposes; and 
of average tax rate for general fund purposes from the state educational agency on behalf of the applying agency in at least 5 prior years. 
of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after 2010, the Secretary may obligate funds remaining after final payments have been made from any funds of such fiscal years in order to carry out this subparagraph.’’. 
(II) by striking ‘‘by reason of’’ and inserting ‘‘due to’’; 
following ‘‘, or as the direct result of base realignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Secretary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation’’; and 
(IV) by inserting before the period, the following: ‘‘or during such time as activities associated with base closure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are ongoing’’; and 
agency that is providing a program of distance education to children not residing within the geographic boundaries of the 
for a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
the first year of operation of such agency only; 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Interior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or 
realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or movements of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure 
(ii) for the second year shall not be less 
(iii) for the third year shall not be less 
reduce the payments to all such agencies for such year. 
‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
‘‘(cc) At least 10 percent of the property in 
the agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
those local educational agencies in which more than 10 percent of the property in each such agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; 
shall not consider funds received under section 8002 or section 8003 of this title in any State formula or place a limit or direct the use of such funds for the purposes of determining a local educational agency’s fund balance.’’. 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
verified by’’ and inserting ‘‘, and verified by,’’; and 
(20 U.S.C. 7914) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Subpart 2 of part E of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
agency that receives funds under this Act shall have in effect— 
offender registry or repository in the State where the school employee resides, and each 
State where such school employee resided during the preceding 5 years; 
neglect registries and databases in the State where the school employee resides, and each State where such school employee resided during the preceding 5 years; 
Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.). 
shall be ineligible for employment by a local educational agency or State educational agency that is receiving funds under this Act if such individual— 
‘‘(ii) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(iii) a crime against children, including 
‘‘(vi) kidnapping; ‘‘(vii) arson; ‘‘(viii) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(ix) a drugrelated offense committed during the preceding 5 years; or 
year period following the first submission date under this paragraph for that school employee. 
period following the first submission date under this paragraph for that staff member. 
State shall carry out the request of a State educational agency or local educational agency for a criminal background check as expeditiously as possible, but not to exceed 45 days after the date on which such request was submitted, and shall provide the results of the criminal background check to such agency provider and to the school employee staff member. 
school employee is ineligible for such employment due to the background check, the State will, when providing the results of the background check, include information related to each disqualifying crime, in a report to the school employee. 
for a process by which a school employee may appeal the results of a criminal background check conducted under this section to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such member’s criminal background report. 
‘‘(ii) a school employee will receive instructions about how to complete the appeals process if the school employee wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in such employee’s criminal background report; and 
timely manner for each school employee not to exceed 45 days. 
successfully challenged the findings contained in such employee’s criminal background check report in the appeals process under this paragraph shall be allowed to seek compensation for any reasonable costs incurred from such appeal. 
an individualized assessment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Enforcement Guidance on the Consideration of Arrest and Conviction Records in Employment Decisions, and may include consideration of the following factors— 
‘‘(iv) individual’s age at the time of the offense; 
‘‘(vi) relationship of the nature of the offense to the position sought; 
‘‘(vii) number of criminal convictions; ‘‘(viii) honesty and transparency of the 
evidence that the individual performed the same or similar work, postconviction, with the same or different employer, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; 
the conclusion that the individual does not pose a risk to children. 
apply to a school employee who has been convicted of a serious violent or sexual felony against a child, as determined by the State. 
in this section shall be construed to create a private right of action if a State educational agency or local educational agency has acted in accordance with this section. 
costs of processing applications and administering a criminal background check as required by this section shall not exceed the actual costs to the State for the processing and administration. 
educational agency may use administrative funds received under this Act to pay for any reasonable fees charged for conducting a criminal background check under this section. 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a State from disqualifying individuals as a school employee based on their conviction for crimes not specifically listed in this section that bear upon the fitness of an individual to provide care for and have responsibility for the safety and wellbeing of children. 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights and remedies provided for a school employee residing in a State that disqualifies individuals as a school employee for crimes not specifically provided for under this section. 
employment with, a local educational agency or State educational agency, and who, as a result of such employment, has (or will have) a job duty that results in unsupervised access to elementary school or secondary school students; 
employment with a highquality prekindergarten program (as defined in section 1112 of the Student Success Act) who has unsupervised access to children or a person who has a contract or agreement with such program and has unsupervised access to children. 
a State an extension of time, of not more than 1 fiscal year, to meet the requirements of this section if the State demonstrates a good faith effort to comply with the requirements of this section. 
the school and for each student an identification of such student’s— 
in athletic competition and for each such team the following data: 
the day of the first scheduled contest for the team, and for each participant an identification of such participant’s— 
from school and nonschool sources, including a listing of the following data for each team: 
locker rooms, fields, and gymnasiums) and their maintenance and repair. 
‘‘(vi) Expenditures for publicity for competitions (including press guides, press releases, game programs, and publicity personnel). 
the team (including contributions from outside sources such as booster clubs), disaggregated by source. 
scheduled, and for each scheduled competition an indication of what day of the week and time the competition was scheduled. 
postseason competition, and the success of such team in any postseason competition. 
salary attributable to coaching of the assistant coaches of women’s teams, across all offered sports. 
students, and the public, upon request, the information contained in each report by the school under this section by October 15 of each school year; and 
and members of the relevant community are informed of their right to request such information. 
this section are posted on the Department of Education’s Web site within a reasonable period of time; and 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
amended by amending part F to read as follows: 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, to— 
the program and the administrative impact of the program on schools and local educational agencies; and 
other means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, the Department, or in another relevant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utilization of such findings; and 
through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
longterm effects and cost efficiencies across Federal programs assisted or authorized under this Act and related Federal early childhood education, preschool, elementary school, and secondary school programs under any other Federal law; and 
other provision of this section the Secretary in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a biennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program.’’. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
‘chemical restraint’ means a drug or medication used on a student to control behavior or restrict freedom of movement that is not— 
other qualified health professional acting under the scope of the professional’s authority under State law, for the standard treatment of a student’s medical or psychiatric condition; and 
that immobilizes or reduces the ability of an individual to move the individual’s arms, legs, torso, or head freely. Such term does not include a physical escort, mechanical restraint, or chemical restraint. 
term ‘positive behavior supports’ means a systematic approach to embed evidence based practices and datadriven decisionmaking to improve school climate and culture, including a range of systemic and individualized strategies to reinforce desired behaviors and diminish reoccurrence of problem behaviors, in order to achieve improved academic and social outcomes and increase learning for all students, including students with the most complex and intensive behavioral needs. 
The term ‘protection and advocacy system’ means a protection and advocacy system established under subtitle C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq.). 
or secondary school program that is under the jurisdiction of a school, local educational agency, educational service agency, or other educational institution or program; and 
‘‘(ii) receives, or serves students who receive, support in any form from any program supported, in whole or in part, with funds appropriated under the Student Success Act; or 
TRAINING PROGRAM .—The term ‘Stateapproved crisis intervention training program’ means a training program approved by a State and the Secretary that, at a minimum, provides— 
shown to be effective in the prevention of physical restraint and seclusion; 
to positive behavior supports, safe physical escort, conflict prevention, understanding antecedents, deescalation, and conflict management; 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, to ensure a safe learning environment and protect each student from physical or mental abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion imposed solely for purposes of discipline or convenience or in a manner otherwise inconsistent with this part, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations establishing the following minimum standards: 
from imposing physical restraint or seclusion on a student unless— 
ineffective in stopping such imminent danger of physical injury; 
‘‘(ii) if school personnel safety is significantly compromised by such facetoface monitoring, are in continuous direct visual contact with the student; 
be followed after each incident involving the imposition of physical restraint or seclusion upon a student, including— 
communication on the same day as the incident; and 
this section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to promulgate regulations prohibiting the use of— 
personnel, or utilized by a student, for the specific and approved therapeutic or safety purposes for which such devices were designed and, if applicable, prescribed, including— 
intended during the transport of a student in a moving vehicle; or 
an imminent danger of physical injury to the student, school personnel, or others; or 
meet the minimum standards, including the standards with respect to Stateapproved crisis intervention training programs, established by regulations promulgated pursuant 
procedures, including a description of the Stateapproved crisis intervention training programs in such State; and 
preceding fullacademic year in which physical restraint was imposed upon a student; and 
preceding fullacademic year in which seclusion was imposed upon a student. 
physical restraint or seclusion was imposed upon a student— 
students upon whom physical restraint or seclusion was imposed, including— 
‘‘(bb) age; and ‘‘(cc) disability status (which has the 
‘‘(aa) total number of incidents in the preceding fullacademic year in which physical restraint was imposed upon a student; and 
‘‘(bb) total number of incidents in the preceding fullacademic year in which seclusion was imposed upon a student; and 
‘‘(II) not be required in a case in which the 
number of students in a category would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
1221)) in accordance with section 455 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1234d); 
submit, and implement, within 1 year of such failure to comply, a corrective plan of action, which may include redirection of funds received under an applicable program; or 
‘‘(iii) issue a complaint to compel compliance of the State educational agency through a cease and desist order, in the same manner the Secretary is authorized to take such action under section 456 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234e). 
this subsection shall be construed to limit the Secretary’s authority under the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.). 
collect and analyze data related to physical restraint and seclusion; and 
this section shall be awarded to a State educational agency for a 3year period. 
agency desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require, including information on how the State educational agency will target resources to schools and local educational agencies in need of assistance related to preventing and reducing physical restraint and seclusion. 
agency receiving a grant under this section may use such grant funds to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to local educational agencies. 
agency desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the applicable State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may require. 
agency receiving subgrant funds under this section shall, after timely and meaningful consultation with appropriate private school officials, ensure that private school personnel can participate, on an equitable basis, in activities supported by grant or subgrant funds. 
training, and certification for school personnel to meet such standards. 
quality professional development and training programs to implement evidencebased systematic approaches to schoolwide positive behavior supports, including improving coaching, facilitation, and training capacity for administrators, teachers, specialized instructional support personnel, and other staff. 
educational agency receiving a grant under this section shall, at the end of the 3year grant period for such grant— 
the amount appropriated under section 9708, the Secretary may allocate funds to the Secretary of the Interior for activities under this section with respect to schools operated or funded by the Department of the Interior, under such terms as the Secretary of Education may prescribe. 
State, and local efforts to prevent and reduce the number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents in schools; 
services that have demonstrated the greatest effectiveness in preventing and reducing the 
number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents in schools; and 
training models with demonstrated success in preventing and reducing the number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents in schools, including models that emphasize positive behavior supports and deescalation techniques over physical intervention. 
to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate— 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, a final report of the findings of the assessment. 
have the authority provided under section 143 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15043) to investigate, monitor, and enforce protections provided for students under this part. 
shall be construed to restrict or limit, or allow the Secretary to restrict or limit, any other rights or remedies otherwise available to students or parents under Federal or State law or regulation. 
part shall be construed to affect any private school that does not receive, or does not serve students who receive, support in any form from any program supported, in whole or in part, with funds appropriated to the Department of Education. 
a home school is treated as a private school or home school under State law; or 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this part for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
of Congress that grants awarded under this part will be awarded using competitive procedures based on merit. 
awarded under this part using procedures other than competitive procedures, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report explaining why competitive procedures were not used.’’. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is further 
to be eligible to receive funds for such year or a subsequent fiscal year under this Act each State educational agency shall issue 
regulations establishing the following minimum requirements in order to protect student academic achievement from the impact 
local educational agency in the State, in consultation with members of the community in which such agency is located, shall develop and implement a standard plan for concussion safety and management that includes— 
personnel, including coaches, athletic trainers, and school nurses, on concussion safety and management; and 
release forms, treatment plans, observation, monitoring and reporting forms, recordkeeping forms, and postinjury fact sheets; 
of such student, a school nurse, or other relevant school personnel; and 
public school to oversee and manage the recovery of such student; 
of concussion reemerge or persist upon the reintroduction of cognitive and physical demands for evaluation of the eligibility of such students for services under the Individual with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 note et seq.); and 
respect to concussions, the uniformity of safety standards, treatment, and management, such as— 
‘‘(ii) applying uniform standards for concussion safety and management to all students enrolled in public schools. 
each secondary school shall post on school grounds, in a manner that is visible to students and school personnel, and make publicly available on the school website, information on concussions that— 
evidence (such as information made available by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention); 
response to sustaining a concussion, including the notification of school personnel; and 
‘‘(iii) the signs and symptoms of a concussion; and 
reduce the incidence or recurrence of a concussion; and 
‘‘(iii) the effects of a concussion on academic learning and performance. 
school personnel, including coaches and athletic trainers, of a public school suspects that a student has sustained a concussion during a schoolsponsored athletic activity— 
‘‘(ii) prohibited from returning to participate in schoolsponsored athletic activities— 
release from a health care professional stating that the student is capable of resuming participation in schoolsponsored athletic activities; and 
a concussion in a schoolsponsored athletic activity resumes participation in school sponsored athletic activities or academic activities, the school shall receive a written release from a health care professional, that— 
plan designed to aid the student in recovering and resuming participation in such activities in a manner that— 
demands on such student on a progressive basis only as such increases in exertion do not cause the reemergence or worsening of symptoms of a concussion. 
‘‘Not later than 6 months after promulgating regulations pursuant to section 9801 in order to be eligible to receive funds under this Act, each State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary of Education a report that contains— 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to alter or supersede State law with respect to education standards or procedures or civil liability. 
the head or body that causes the brain to move rapidly in the skull; 
alters the mental state of the individual, causing the individual to experience— 
‘‘(ii) any one of four types of symptoms of 
‘‘(III) emotional symptoms, such as irritability or sadness; and 
term ‘health care professional’ means a physician, nurse, certified athletic trainer, physical therapist, neuropsychologist or other qualified individual who— 
otherwise statutorily recognized by the State to provide medical treatment; 
management of traumatic brain injury among a pediatric population; and 
personnel’ has the meaning given such term in section 4151. 
or league organized by a school on or off school grounds.’’. 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended to read as follows: 
ensure that each homeless child and youth has access to the same free, appropriate public education, including a public preschool education, as provided to other children and youth. 
review and revise such laws, regulations, practices, or policies to ensure that homeless children and youth are afforded the same free appropriate public education as is provided to other children and youth. 
have access to the education and other services that such children and youth need to ensure that such children and youth have an opportunity to meet the same college and career ready State student academic achievement standards to which all students are held. 
be eligible to receive a grant under this section, the State educational agency, in consultation with other relevant State agencies, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing or accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
receive for a fiscal year less under this paragraph than the greater of— 
a grant made to a State under this section shall be used for the following: 
to improve the identification of homeless children and youth and enable such children and youth to enroll in, attend, and succeed in school, including in early childhood education programs. 
to, specific needs in the education of homeless children and youth. 
STUDENTS .—In providing a free public education to a homeless child or youth, no State receiving funds under this title shall segregate such child or youth in a separate school, or in a separate program within a school, based on such child’s or youth’s status as homeless. 
provision of this title relating to the placement of homeless children or youths in schools, a State that has a separate school for homeless children or youths that was operated and in receipt of funds under this title in fiscal year 2015 in a covered county shall be eligible to receive funds under this title for programs carried out in such school. 
paragraph, the term ‘covered county’ means San Diego County, California. 
Homeless Children and Youth established in each State shall— 
homeless children and youth have in gaining access to public preschool programs, and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
title in identifying homeless children and youth and allowing homeless children and youth to enroll in, attend, and succeed in school; and 
and permanent housing to homeless children and youth, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youth; 
representing homeless children and youth and their families; and 
to the Secretary and implement a plan to provide for the education of homeless children and youth within the State. Such plan shall include the following: 
and youth are (or will be) given the opportunity 
academic achievement standards all students are expected to meet; and 
State educational agency will use, in coordination with local educational agencies, to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
prompt resolution of disputes arising under this title, which shall— 
written format and, to the extent practicable, in a manner and form understandable to the parents and guardians of homeless children and youth; 
best interest of the homeless child or youth, or unaccompanied youth, involved; and 
personnel (including the liaisons, principals, attendance officers, teachers, enrollment personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel) to increase the awareness of such personnel of the specific needs of homeless adolescents, including runaway and homeless youth. 
from the public schools, are identified and accorded equal access to appropriate and available secondary education and support services, including receiving appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfactorily completed while attending a prior school, and for work completed after their enrollment in a new school, consistent with State graduation requirements and accreditation standards; and 
meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to participate in Federal, State, or local educational programs, such as 
school time programs, including before and afterschool programs and summer schools; 
‘‘(III) middle and secondary school enrichment programs, including career and technical education, advanced placement, international baccalaureate, and dual enrollment courses; 
with respect to the education of homeless children and youth, including enrollment problems related to— 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that homeless children and youth are not stigmatized or segregated on the basis of their status as homeless; 
‘‘(iii) the State and local educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that transportation is provided at the request of the parent or guardian involved (or in the case of an unaccompanied youth, the liaison), to and from the school of origin for as long as the student has the right to attend the school of origin 
in the area served by the local educational agency for the school of origin, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or arranged by the local educational agency for the school of origin. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living arrangements in the area served by the local educational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing the child’s or youth’s education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by another local educational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency for the area in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a method to apportion the responsibility and cost for providing transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local educational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for transportation shall be shared equally between the agencies. 
local educational agencies will adopt policies and practices to promote school success for homeless children and youth, including access to full participation in academic and extracurricular activities that are made available to nonhomeless students. 
agency serving each child or youth to be assisted under this title shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
becomes a homeless child or youth between academic years or during an academic year; or 
year, if the child or youth becomes permanently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to attend. 
or youth in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the wishes of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian; 
‘‘(ii) consider studentcentered factors related to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the wishes of the homeless child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or the unaccompanied youth involved; 
determination described in clause (ii), the local educational agency determines that it is not in the child’s or youth’s best interest to attend the school or origin or the school 
accordance with this paragraph shall immediately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
schools or is unable to pay fees in the school selected; or 
The enrolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
selected enrolls an unaccompanied youth in accordance with this paragraph, no liability shall be imposed upon the school by reason of enrolling the youth without parent or guardian consent. 
by the school, including immunization or medical records, academic records, birth certificates, guardianship records, and evaluations for special services or programs, regarding each homeless child or youth shall be maintained— 
444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth shall be provided with a written explanation of the school’s decision regarding eligibility for enrollment, school selection, or services, made by the school or the local educational agency, which shall include information about the right to appeal the decision; 
youth, the liaison shall ensure that the youth is immediately enrolled in the school in which the youth seeks enrollment, pending resolution of such dispute. 
term ‘school of origin’ means the school that the child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
this title shall prohibit a local educational agency from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child to submit contact information. 
title with the services of local social services agencies and other agencies or entities providing services to homeless children and youth and their families, including services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); and 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
youth have access to and are in reasonable proximity to available education and related support services; and 
‘‘(iii) raise the awareness of school personnel and service providers of the effects of shortterm stays in a shelter and other challenges associated with homelessness. 
are to be assisted both under this title, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this title with the provision of programs for children with disabilities served by such local educational agency and other involved local educational agencies. 
identified by school personnel and through coordination activities with other entities and agencies; 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youth are enrolled in, and have a full and equal opportunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
youth have access to educational services for which such families, children, and youth are eligible, including services through Head Start, Early Head Start, early intervention, and Even Start programs, and preschool programs; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families, and homeless children and youth, receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substance abuse services, housing services, and other appropriate services; 
children and youth are informed of the educational and related opportunities available to their children, including early learning opportunities, and are provided with meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
rights of homeless children and youth is incorporated into documents related to residency requirements or enrollment, provided upon school enrollment and withdrawal, posted on the local educational agency’s website, and disseminated in locations frequented by parents and guardians of homeless children and youth and unaccompanied youth, including schools, shelters, public libraries, and soup kitchens in a manner and form understandable to parents and guardians of homeless children and youth and unaccompanied youth; 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as independent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv), including through school counselors that have received professional development about unaccompanied youth, and receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
eligible to receive an emergency disaster grant under this subsection, based on demonstrated need, if such local educational agency’s enrollment of homeless children and youth has increased as a result of a hurricane, flood, or other natural disaster for which the President declared a major disaster under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.). 
State or an eligible local educational agency to receive a grant under this subsection, the State educational agency, in consultation with other relevant State agencies, or local educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing or accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
educational agencies or local educational agencies for local educational agencies 
whose enrollment of homeless children and youths has increased as a result of a hurricane, flood, or other natural disaster for which the President has declared a major disaster under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.); 
than 75 days after such funds are appropriated to the Secretary; and 
shall distribute grants under this subsection in amounts determined by the Secretary and related to the increase in enrollment of homeless children and youths as a result of such major disaster. 
school grounds or at other facilities; and ‘‘(ii) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be provided through existing programs and mechanisms that integrate homeless children and youth with nonhomeless children and youth. 
under this section shall not replace the regular academic program and shall be designed to expand upon or improve services provided as part of the school’s regular academic program. 
under this section shall be for terms not to exceed 3 years. 
agency that desires to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing or accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. Such application shall include the following: 
related needs of homeless children and youth in the area served by such agency (which may be undertaken as part of a needs assessment for other disadvantaged group). 
of funds will facilitate the identification, enrollment, retention, and educational success of homeless children and youth. 
reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youth. 
reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(iii) The extent to which the applicant exhibits in the application and in current practice (as of the date of submission of the application) a commitment to education for all homeless children and youth. 
‘‘(iv) Such other criteria as the State agency determines to be appropriate. 
of the services to be provided under the program. 
promote meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youth in the education of their children. 
under this subtitle will be coordinated with other services available to homeless children and youth and their families, including housing and social services and services provided under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and similar State and local programs. 
program meets such other measures as the State educational agency considers to be indicative of a highquality program, including the extent to which the local educational agency will provide services to unaccompanied youth and preschoolaged children. 
college and career ready State student academic achievement standards the State establishes for other children and youths. 
of the strengths, needs, and eligibility of homeless children and youth, including needs and eligibility for programs and services (including educational programs for gifted and talented students, children with disabilities, and students with limited English proficiency, charter school programs, magnet school programs, programs in career and technical education, and school nutrition programs). 
activities for educators and specialized instructional support personnel that are designed to heighten the understanding and sensitivity of such educators and personnel to the needs of homeless children and youth, the rights of such children and youth under this subtitle, and the specific educational needs of runaway and homeless youth. 
homeless children and youths for medical, dental, mental, and other health services. 
and youths of before and afterschool, mentoring, and summer programs in which a teacher or other qualified individual provides tutoring, homework assistance, and supervision of educational activities. 
other costs associated with tracking, obtaining, and transferring records necessary to facilitate the appropriate placement of homeless children and youths in school, including birth certificates, immunization or medical records, academic records, guardianship records, and evaluations for special programs or services. 
other activities designed to increase the meaningful involvement of families of homeless children or youth in the education of their children. 
needs of homeless children and youth that may arise from domestic violence and parental mental health or substance abuse problems. 
or emergency assistance needed to enable homeless children and youth to enroll, attend, and succeed in school, including in early childhood education programs. 
of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths that has sufficient capacity, resources, and support to carry out the responsibilities described in this subtitle. 
disseminate the notice nationally. The Secretary also shall disseminate such notice to heads of other Department of Education offices, including those responsible for special education programs, higher education, and programs under parts A, B, C, D, G, and H of title I, title III, title IV, and part B of title V of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq., 6361 et seq., 6391 et seq., 6421 et seq., 6531 et seq., 6551 et seq., 6801 et seq., 7102 et seq., and 7221 et seq.). The Secretary shall also disseminate such notice to heads of other Federal agencies, and grant recipients and other entities carrying out federally funded programs, including Head Start programs, grant recipients under the Health Care for the Homeless program of the Health Resources and Services Administration of the Department of Health and Human Services, grant recipients under the Emergency Food and Shelter National Board Program of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, grant recipients under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.), grant recipients under the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence program, grant recipients under homeless assistance programs administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and recipients of Federal funding for programs carried out by the Administration on Children, Youth and Families of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Secretary shall conduct evaluation, dissemination, and technical assistance activities of programs designed to meet the educational needs of homeless preschool, elementary school, and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 727 to conduct such activities. 
Secretary shall require applications for grants under section 722 to be submitted to the Secretary not later than the expiration of the 120day period beginning on the date that funds are available for purposes of making such grants and shall make such grants not later than the expiration of the 180day period beginning on such date. 
local educational agencies to implement the provisions amended by the Act; 
and revise State policies and procedures that may present barriers to the identification, enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youth in school; and 
under section 727, the Secretary shall, directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, periodically, but not less frequently than every two years, collect and disseminate publicly data and information regarding— 
homeless children and youth, including the percent or number of homeless children and youth participating in State assessments; and 
the Secretary determines to be necessary and relevant to carry out this subtitle. 
coordinate such collection and dissemination with other agencies and entities that receive assistance and administer programs under this subtitle. 
the date of enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the President and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the status of education of homeless children and youths, which shall include information on— 
parks, or camping grounds due to the lack of alternative adequate accommodations; 
cars, parks, public spaces, abandoned buildings, substandard housing, bus or train stations, or similar settings; and 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The terms ‘local educational agency’ and ‘State educational agency’ have the meanings given such terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
Subtitle A—Access to Voluntary Prekindergarten for Low and ModerateIncome Families 
provide access to highquality public prekindergarten programs for all children from lowincome and moderateincome families to ensure that they enter kindergarten prepared for success; 
‘‘child with a disability’’ has the meaning given the term in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401). 
and context of young children’s learning and development to help early childhood educators make informed instructional and programmatic decisions; and 
the National Research Council reports on early childhood; and 
children who may need followup services to address developmental, learning, or health needs in, at a minimum, areas of physical health, behavioral health, oral health, child development, vision, and hearing; 
(ii) child formative assessments; (iii) measures of environmental quality; 
‘‘dual language learner’’ means an individual who is limited English proficient. 
program’’ has the meaning given the term under section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
term ‘‘eligibility determination date’’ means the date used to determine eligibility for public elementary school in the community in which the eligible local entity involved is located. 
charter school or a charter management organization that acts as a local educational agency, or an educational service agency in partnership with a local educational agency— 
(ii) whose teachers are in progress of meeting such requirement within two years; 
(ii) whose teachers are in progress of meeting such requirement within two years; or 
program supported by an eligible local entity that includes, at a minimum, the following elements based on nationally recognized standards: 
by the eligibility determination date (including children who turn age 5 while attending the program); or 
including that teachers meet the requirements of 1 of the following clauses: 
early childhood education or a related field with coursework that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
childhood education by passing a Stateapproved assessment in early childhood education; 
prekindergarten program, is engaged in on going professional development in early childhood education for not less than 2 years; and 
employment as a teacher in the prekindergarten program, enrolls in and completes a Stateapproved educator preparation program in which the teacher receives training and support in early childhood education. 
a credential, license, or endorsement that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
health (including mental health), and development (including early literacy and math skill development) and referrals, and assistance obtaining services, when appropriate; 
take into account home language, such as parent conferences (including parent input about their child’s development) and support services, such as parent education, home visiting, and family literacy services; 
(iii) nutrition services, including nutritious meals and snack options aligned with requirements set by the most recent Child and Adult Care Food Program guidelines promulgated by the Department of Agriculture as well as regular, ageappropriate, nutrition education for children and their families; 
(iv) programs coordinated with local educational agencies and entities providing programs authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.); 
evidencebased guidelines, such as those recommended by the Institute of Medicine, and which take into account and accommodate children with disabilities; 
(vi) additional support services, as appropriate, based on the findings of the needs analysis as described in section 1120; and 
not include expulsion or an extended suspension of participating children, and that include providing appropriate early educational services for participating children who are suspended for a short period of time. 
The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
The terms ‘‘Indian tribe’’ and ‘‘tribal organization’’ have the meanings given the terms in 658P of the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858n). 
term ‘‘limited English proficient’’ has the meaning given the term in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832). 
AGENCY .—The terms ‘‘local educational agency’’, ‘‘State educational agency’’, and ‘‘educational service agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
LABOR .—The term ‘‘migrant or seasonal agricultural labor’’ refers to an individual who is engaged in agricultural labor, including those who have changed their residence from one grographic location to another in the proceeding 36 months. 
area’’ means each of the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the Republic of Palau. 
line’’ means the official poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget)— 
change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor for the most recent 12month period or other interval for which the data are available; and 
in this subtitle, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
this subtitle, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants to States to implement highquality prekindergarten programs, consistent with the purposes of this subtitle described in section 1111. For each fiscal year, the funds provided under a grant by a State shall equal the allotment determined for the State under section 1114. 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary shall— 
more than 2 percent for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations; 
areas to be distributed among the outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary in accordance with the purposes of this subtitle; 
entities that serve children in families who are engaged in migrant or seasonal agricultural labor; and 
$30,000,000, whichever amount is less, for national activities, including administration, technical assistance, and evaluation. 
1⁄2of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
not receive an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary may use the amount of the allotment for that State or States, in such amounts as the Secretary determines appropriate, for either or both of the following: 
(ii) To carry over the funds to the next fiscal year. 
the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
A State is eligible to receive a grant under 
this subtitle if the State demonstrates to the Secretary that the State— 
children who are eligible children for that service in the State; and 
this subtitle, the Governor of a State, in consultation with the Indian tribes and tribal organizations in the State, if any, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. At a minimum, each such application shall include— 
participate in the programs authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) for the duration of the grant; 
(such as an agency or joint interagency office), selected by the Governor, for the administration of the grant, which shall coordinate and consult with the State educational agency if the entity is not the State educational agency; and 
of, program standards for all State prekindergarten programs consistent with the definition of a highquality prekindergarten program under section 1112; 
the State’s highquality prekindergarten programs to children from families with incomes above 200 percent of the poverty line; 
available the performance measures and targets described in section 1119; 
bachelor’s degrees in early childhood education, or with bachelor’s degrees in another closely related field and specialized training and demonstrated competency in early childhood education, including how institutions of higher education will support increasing the number of teachers with such degrees and training, including through the use of assessments of prior learning, knowledge, and skills to facilitate and expedite attainment of such degrees; 
funded under this subtitle with Federal, State, and local services and programs that support early childhood education and care, including programs supported under this subtitle, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act 
(20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the temporary assistance for needy families program under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the State incentive grant program under section 14006 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), Federally funded early literacy programs, the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), health improvements to child care funded under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), the program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.S. 11431 et seq.), the Investing In Innovation program under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), programs authorized under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.), the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351), and any other Federal, State, or local early childhood education programs used in the State; 
a funding mechanism for subgranting funds to implement highquality prekindergarten, use objective criteria in awarding subgrants to eligible local entities that will implement highquality prekindergarten programs, including actions the State will take to ensure that eligible local entities will coordinate with local educational agencies or other early learning providers, as appropriate, to carry out activities to provide children served under this subtitle with a successful transition from preschool into kindergarten, which activities shall include— 
(ii) providing staff professional development, including opportunities for jointprofessional development on early learning and kindergarten through grade 3 standards, assessments, and curricula; 
to overcome such barriers, which may include seeking assistance under section 1126, in the State to effectively use and integrate Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds for early childhood education that are available to the State on the date on which the application is submitted; 
and development standards are integrated into the instructional and programmatic practices of highquality prekindergarten programs and related programs and services, such as those provided to children under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq); 
State who are enrolled in highquality kindergarten programs and carry out a strategy to implement such a plan; 
with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (20 U.S.C. 9201 et seq.); 
consultation with elementary school principals, to ensure that highquality prekindergarten programs have sufficient and appropriate facilities to meet the needs of children eligible for prekindergarten; 
shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school employees, local educational agency employees, and the employees of early childhood education programs under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
grant under this subtitle may reserve for, not more than the first 4 years such State receives such a grant, not more than 20 percent 
activities that support the elements of high quality prekindergarten programs. Such quality improvement activities may include supporting teachers, center directors, and principals in a State’s highquality prekindergarten program, licensed or regulated child care, or Head Start programs to enable such teachers or directors to earn a baccalaureate degree in early childhood education, or closelyrelated field, through activities which may include— 
counseling, and compensation initiatives to cover the cost of tuition, fees, materials, transportation, and release time for such teachers; 
across all of the essential domains of early learning and development; 
(iii) effective family engagement; (iv) providing culturally competent instruction; 
and families, including children with special needs and dual language learners; 
(ix) incorporating ageappropriate strategies of positive behavioral interventions and supports; and 
a grant under this subtitle may reserve not more than 1 percent of the grant funds for administration of the grant, and may use part of that reservation for the maintenance of the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
use, and the appropriate Secretary may grant permission for the State to use, not more than 15 percent of the funds made available through a grant received under this subtitle to award subgrants to early childhood education programs to provide, consistent with the State’s early learning and development guidelines for infants and toddlers, highquality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
shall, at a minimum, include a description of how the State will— 
benefit from amounts made available under this subsection will transition to and have the opportunity to participate in a high quality prekindergarten program supported under this subtitle; 
to early childhood education programs that have a plan to increase services to children with special needs, including children with developmental delays or disabilities, children who are dual language learners, homeless children, children who are in foster care, children of migrant families, children eligible for free or reducedprice lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), or children in the child welfare system; and 
under this subsection that will increase access to highquality early childhood education programs for infants and toddlers in local areas with significant concentrations of lowincome families that do not currently benefit from such programs. 
standards under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); or 
reliable program standards that have been established through a national entity that accredits early childhood education programs. 
Each State that certifies to the Secretary that the State provides universally available, voluntary, highquality prekindergarten programs for 4year old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line may use the State’s allocation 
grant under this subtitle shall develop, implement, and make publicly available the performance measures and targets for the activities carried out with grant funds. Such measures shall, at a minimum, track the State’s progress in— 
meeting the criteria for highquality prekindergarten programs across all types of local eligible entities, as defined by the State and in accordance with section 1112; 
prekindergarten programs do not experience instances of chronic absence among the children who participate in such programs; 
of lowincome children in highquality early childhood education programs that receive financial support through funds provided under this subtitle; and 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the third year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the sixth year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the first year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the third year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant administration; 
under the grant in the sixth year of grant administration; 
State that receives a grant under this subtitle may provide matching funds from non 
prekindergarten programs to not less than half of children in the State who are— 
quality prekindergarten programs to children from moderate income families whose income exceeds 200 percent of the poverty line. 
matching funds under this section in cash with nonFederal resources which may include State funding, local funding, or contributions from philanthropy or other private sources, or a combination thereof. 
FUNDS .—A State may include, as part of the 
State’s matching funds under this section, not more than 10 percent of the amount of State funds designated for State prekindergarten programs or to supplement Head Start programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) as of the date of enactment of this Act, but may not include any funds that are attributed as matching funds, as part of a nonFederal share, or as a maintenance of effort requirement, for any other Federal program. 
would be appropriate due to a precipitous decline in the financial resources of a State as a result of unforeseen economic hardship or a natural disaster that has necessitated acrosstheboard reductions in State services, including early childhood education programs; or 
funds received under this title shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Federal, State, and local public funds expended on public prekindergarten programs in the State. 
description of how the eligible local entity plans to engage the parents and families of the children such entity serves and ensure 
with the skills and opportunities necessary to become engaged and effective partners in their children’s education, particularly the families of dual language learners and children with disabilities, which may include access to literacy services; 
(ii) improve child development; and (iii) strengthen relationships among prekindergarten staff and parents and family members; and 
encourage families with eligible children to participate in the eligible local entity’s highquality prekindergarten program, including— 
(ii) local educational agencies, if the eligible local entity is not a local educational agency; 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419); and 
early childhood education programs and services within the area served by the local educational agency. 
joint training, when available, including transitionrelated training for school staff and early childhood education program staff; 
policies and procedures, with applicable elementary schools and principals, for the children served by the eligible local entity that support the school readiness of children transitioning to kindergarten, including the transfer of early childhood education program records, with parental consent; 
and elementary school teachers and principals to discuss the educational, developmental, and other needs of children entering kindergarten; 
in which such child will enroll after participation in a highquality prekindergarten program; and 
local entity will meet the diverse needs of children in the community to be served, including children with disabilities, children whose native language is not English, children with other special needs, children in the State foster care system, and homeless children. Such description shall demonstrate, at a minimum, how the entity plans to— 
quality prekindergarten program is accessible and appropriate for children with disabilities and dual language learners; 
highquality prekindergarten program works with appropriate entities to address the elimination of barriers to immediate and continuous enrollment for homeless children; and 
(ii) immediate enrollment, including enrollment during the period of time when documents typically required for enrollment, including health and immunization records, proof of eligibility, and other documents, are obtained; 
(iii) continuous enrollment and participation in the same highquality prekindergarten program for a child, even if the child moves out of the program’s service area, if that enrollment and participation are in the child’s best interest, including by providing transportation when necessary; 
quality prekindergarten program staff regarding migratory children and homelessness among families with young children; and 
expertise in conducting such needs analysis, to determine the most appropriate social or other support services to offer through the eligible local entity’s onsite comprehensive services to children who participate in high quality prekindergarten programs; and 
at the school, local educational agency, and community levels to address the needs of the community and improve child outcomes; and 
the screening, referral, and provision of services related to health, nutrition, mental health, disability, and family support for children served by the eligible local entity. 
eligible local entity plans to support the instructional staff of such entity’s highquality prekindergarten program, which shall, at a minimum, include a plan to provide high quality professional development, or facilitate the provision of highquality professional development through an external partner with expertise and a demonstrated track record of success, based on scientifically valid research, that will improve the knowledge and skills of highquality prekindergarten teachers and staff through activities, which may include— 
teachers and staff to pursue specialized training in early childhood development; 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appropriate language and support services to increase the English language skills of dual language learners; 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide developmentally appropriate instruction for children with disabilities; 
support for incoming highquality prekindergarten teachers and staff in highquality prekindergarten programs, including through the use of mentoring programs and coaching that have a demonstrated track record of success; 
credentials, including in ways that support career advancement through career ladders; and 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide culturally competent instruction for children from diverse backgrounds. 
local entity that is not a local educational agency that receives a subgrant under this subtitle shall provide an assurance that such entity will enter into strong partnerships with local educational agencies. 
a grant under this subtitle shall prepare an annual report, in such manner and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
the State has used the funds made available through the grant and a report of the expenditures made with the funds; 
public funds and private funds, for early childhood education; 
in the State participating in highquality prekindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners; 
and quality of infant and toddler care in the State; 
week and per year for each eligible local entity that receives a subgrant; 
code in which each eligible local entity that receives a subgrant operates; 
children in the State participating in public kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners, with information on whether such programs are offered— 
the State who are supported with scholarships, if applicable, to meet the baccalaureate degree requirement for highquality prekindergarten programs, as defined in section 1112; and 
policies on effective behavior management strategies and training that promote positive social and emotional development to eliminate expulsions and extended suspensions of children participating in highquality prekindergarten programs; and 
learning services to children in the State participating in highquality prekindergarten programs who have been suspended. 
shall cooperate with all Federal and State efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of the program the entity implements with subgrant funds. 
subtitle shall not require any child to participate in any Federal, State, local, or private early childhood education program, including a highquality prekindergarten program. 
this subtitle and an eligible local entity receiving a subgrant under this subtitle shall not use any grant or subgrant funds to carry out any of the following activities: 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a process— 
programs funded under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) operate in States or 
regions that have achieved sustained universal, voluntary access to 4year old children who reside within the State and who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line to highquality prekindergarten programs; and 
begin converting slots for children who are age 4 on the eligibility determination date to children who are age 3 on the eligibility determination date, or, when appropriate, converting Head Start Programs into Early Head Start programs to serve infants and toddlers. 
and shall ensure that sufficient resources and time are allocated for the development of such a process so that no child or cohort is excluded from currently available services; and 
based on community need and not on the aggregate number of children served in a State or region that has achieved sustained, universal, voluntary access to highquality prekindergarten programs. 
comments prior to finalizing the process for conversion of Head Start slots and programs. 
out activities under this title, the Secretary shall coordinate that technical assistance, in appropriate cases, with technical assistance provided by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the programs authorized under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting programs assisted under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711). 
grants to States under this subtitle for a period of not more than 3 years and such grants shall not be renewed. 
that desires to receive a grant under this subtitle shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require, including a description of how the State plans to become eligible for grants under section 1115 by not later than 3 years after the date the State first receives grant funds under this subtitle. 
grant under this subtitle, a State shall contribute for the activities for which the grant was awarded nonFederal matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 20 percent of the amount of the grant. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subtitle— 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
In these days, it is doubtful that any child 
may reasonably be expected to succeed in life i f... denied the opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity, where the State has undertaken to provide it, is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms. 
The fact is that equal educational opportunities are not now available in lowincome communities: first, because education is generally funded by the local real estate taxes, guaranteeing that wealthier areas will have more resources for education; and, second, because, in the normal give and take of politics, lowincome areas never do as well as wealthier areas. 
areas of concentrated poverty need more, not less, in order to provide adequate educational opportunities. 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Congress provided Federal money to address ‘‘the special educational needs of children of lowincome families and the impact that concentrations of lowincome families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
handful of States has taken steps to completely equalize their education funding. ESEA was not and should never become a general education fund for all. The purpose of the law is to provide States limited, supplemental funding that is targeted to schools and students left behind in what remains an unequal system. 
Over the last 50 years, we have recognized that students with disabilities, neglected and delinquent students, homeless students, and nonnative English speaking students also faced local educational systems unprepared and sometimes unwilling to provide the resources they needed. 
We have made a difference. The improvement is real. Graduation rates are at alltime highs, and achievement gaps have narrowed. We have made real progress, but there is still a lot more that needs to be done. 
The amendment before us is a substitute for the underlying bill because H.R. 5, in its current form, retreats from the most important principles of ESEA. During this debate, no one has refuted our assertion that this bill takes money from the poorest school districts in America and gives it to the most affluent ones. That is because the assertion is true. 
Baltimore City, with a higher concentration of lowincome students, will lose an estimated $5.7 million under H.R. 5, an 11 percent decrease, while the Baltimore suburb of Howard County, with lower poverty levels, will gain $1.1 million, which is a 25 percent increase. 
population with 85 percent receiving free and reduced lunches. The suburb of 
Naperville has 13 percent of students receiving free and reduced lunches. Under H.R. 5, Chicago loses $64 million, while Naperville gains a half a million. Republicans call this ‘‘portability.’’ We call it reverse Robin Hood, taking from the poor to give to the wealthy. 
change, the bill reduces funding levels and eliminates maintenance of effort. Maintenance of effort prevents States from reducing educational spending and replacing it with Federal money. 
money will be in addition to ongoing State spending so that children will actually benefit from the Federal resources. H.R. 5 further eliminates dedicated funding for English learners and disabled students. 
address the fundamental flaws within the Republican bill. It restores funding priority to areas of concentrated poverty, English learners, and the disabled. 
meaningful standards for all students so that those who graduate from high school will be college and career ready and will be able to pursue college or work without need for remediation. 
that they will have the resources and training they need to do their jobs. It addresses the concerns of too much testing by providing States support to improve State assessment systems and by providing funding to eliminate all unnecessary tests. 
We are faced with a tremendous opportunity to bring our education system into the 21st century in order to ensure that all students are prepared for success in the global economy. 
about the need for flexibility and innovation, but where we disagree is on the role of the Federal Government. We believe that there is a Federal role in fulfilling the promise of the Brown decision: that all students must have access to equal educational opportunities. 
The choice is clear. We should reinstate the original purpose of ESEA by supporting the substitute amendment. 
now had a few days to look at the 851 page amendment that the Democrats brought forward. It was a little bit surprising during the markup to have it brought up to us. 
something about not legislating by the pound, but if we had been legislating by the pound, there are a lot of pounds there, so I appreciate the time we have had to look at this. It seems to me that the Democrats’ 
substitute amendment just doubles down on the policy that we have now. The gentleman from Virginia—my friend, the ranking member—talked about areas of concentrated poverty, and we need to spend money there. 
there now. We spend a lot more money per student in highpoverty areas; yet, in those areas, we have less than half the kids graduating. 
been made, but right now in America, one in five students will drop out of high school. Only 26 percent of high school seniors are proficient in math, and only 38 percent of high school seniors—just over a third, Madam Chair— are proficient in reading. The current system is not working. 
As I have said again and again in this 
debate, Republicans and Democrats agree that No Child Left Behind is fundamentally flawed and needs to be replaced. We have different ideas about how we want to go about doing that. 
flexibility that the Student Success Act affords to superintendents and to local leaders to put the money where they think it can get the best results is a better way to do it than by adding program after program as we have seen in amendments during this debate. 
idea about how best to achieve what we all want to achieve, which is an excellent education for every child at every school. I think the underlying bill is a much better way to do it, and I would encourage my colleagues to oppose the Democrats’ substitute amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic 
for yielding, and I congratulate him on his great leadership as he has taken the helm as our Democratic ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
most important investment a nation can make in its future, a family can make in its children. 
Treasury than the investment in education, whether it is earliest childhood education, K–12, higher education, postgrad, lifetime learning; and nothing contributes more to the success of our children than education, which gives them a chance to succeed. 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, one of the great pillars of President Johnson’s war on poverty. President Johnson told the people who gathered for the bill signing: 
have felt a fierce commitment to the ideal of education for everyone. It fixed itself into our democratic creed. 
today makes a mockery of this legislation’s legacy and hollows out the foundation of our democracy: an educated and empowered citizenry. 
more than 50 years, a majority of public school students in our country lives in poverty. Too many children are getting left behind. This Republican bill slams the door of opportunity for students who are striving to earn an education. 
opportunity without equality of education? How will students be able to maintain America’s innovation leadership if they attend schools without a reliable technology infrastructure? 
our investments in the future, and it is a monumental step backward in keeping our promise to America’s children. 
clock on civil rights protections, academic achievement, funding for struggling schools, access to college prep curriculum for underserved children; and they are turning back the clock on students of color, students with disabilities, students who are homeless or who are living with foster families, migrant students, and those learning English as a second language. 
impoverished schools, and it gives those resources to the richest schools. Rather than increase investments in schools, this legislation diverts resources and critical programs away from our schools, away from our students most in need. 
success to help our children prepare for the future, this legislation locks in Federal budget cuts for the rest of the decade. Rather than ensure funds are used for the classroom and teaching, this legislation lets limited resources be used for other purposes, such as tax cuts for the wealthy or sports stadiums. 
early education. It does nothing to ensure lifetime learning. It does nothing to update classroom technology and infrastructure, and it does nothing to boost the STEM curriculum. 
President Obama has already declared his intention to veto this recycled, reheated, retrograde, warmed over stew Republican legislation that lacks the support of the civil rights community, the English as a second language community, teachers, education advocates, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
Instead, we should take up the alternative bill put forth by Mr. SCOTT. His 
bill, in its wisdom, protects students’ rights, guarantees access to worldclass education for all students, and supports teachers and school leaders with better resources. 
by Mr. SCOTT empowers schools and districts to tailor to local needs and 
ensures States set high standards and goals so students are career and collegeready. 
It is our moral obligation as a country to ensure that all children have equal access to a wellrounded, world class education—and Mr. SCOTT’s substitute does just that. He has presented an alternative that fulfills the promise of the landmark legislation passed in 1965—another 50year anniversary— which is to ensure that access to high quality education is the right of every student and not just some. We must honor that responsibility. 
me: What motivated you to be involved in politics? I am a mom with five children. I want, of course, the best for my children, as every parent does. I saw that they had tender loving care, the opportunity for education, and the rest. 
is that every other child has access to education. We do no favor to our children—and, in my case, our grandchildren—if we say, We want the best for you, and not pay attention to the needs of other children in our society. What kind of transitioning from one generation to the next is it if we say, My kids got the best—and, in some cases in this bill—at the expense of other children? 
It is just not right. It is not the 
moral thing to do. It is not the patriotic thing to do. It doesn’t honor our Founders’ commitment to a democracy which calls upon an educated population. 
So we must honor all of our responsibilities, personally and civically; reject this bill; and make certain that quality education is the right of every child in our country. 
member, for giving us that opportunity, and I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on his substitute. 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), chair of the K–12 subcommittee on the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
Speaker, I mean the fact that for the last 7plus years No Child Left Behind—the current Federal law of the land with regard to K–12 education in this country—has gone unrenewed. And for many of us, in a very real sense, that is just as well. Because after a decade of living under No Child Left Behind, and more importantly, our children being taught under No Child Left Behind, we realized where its shortcomings are and where we need to go next. 
And unlike the Democratic substitute, Madam Chair, that we are just now hearing about, this product has been 4 years in the works. In fact, it is so welltuned and so wellreviewed that it 
passed this House in the last Congress. Now, finally, with a Republican Senate, we have a chance to move real reform that puts power back in the hands of our parents, teachers, local leaders, and local taxpayers so that we can again make the child the most important thing in the school. 
We are sort of shooting with real bullets here. Again, we can get a product to the Senate. We can get that product to conference and then to the President’s desk. So we are not talking in thin air here. Yet this Democratic substitute really does just that. 
Introduced just a few weeks ago during our markup, it seems to be an amalgamation of every idea that most parents and most teachers and most local taxpayers and entrepreneurs have found to be wrong with education ever since the Federal Government has been involved. 
a good deal of data and a good deal of evidence that says no Federal bureaucrat knows our kids better than that kid’s teachers and parents and local school administrators. 
Success Act is to trust those people, knowing that they care about their kids just as much and, in probably every case, more than we do here in Washington. 
disabilities and a 5yearold boy, I know that is how I feel. We need to act now to reverse the Federal mandates under No Child Left Behind and to stop the Obama administration from coercing States into adopting its preferred education reforms, including adoption of these Common Core standards. 
Education will continue imposing his will on schools unilaterally. In essence, Madam Chair, a national school board. 
like I said, for more than 4 years. Our goal from the beginning has been to roll back the role of Federal Government and return to State and local leaders the responsibility to deliver a quality education to their students. 
Now, some may say the Student Success Act certainly isn’t perfect—and, as we know, no piece of legislation is—but 
we have heard over the years the concerns, I would say, of every type of stakeholder involved in this debate, and we found the right way forward with the Student Success Act. Everything in the Student Success Act is significantly better than anything in current law. 
And so the question is to my colleagues—certainly my Republican colleagues, but also my Democratic colleagues: Do you want to move the ball forward or not? Do you want to do something, or not, for our children? Or, do you want the Department of Education to become this Nation’s school board? 
Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ), a 
distinguished member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
would like to thank Ranking Member SCOTT for yielding, for his tremendous 
leadership, and for delivering a positive alternative to H.R. 5. I would also like to thank all the hardworking staff for their expertise and work. 
Education Act first passed in 1965, Congress has stood beside America’s disadvantaged students and neediest communities—those with the highest concentration of lowincome students. 
Unlike H.R. 5, this amendment continues the essential mission of delivering resources to students who need them the most. This substitute fixes what is broken in No Child Left Behind—and there is a lot—and it maintains the original intent of equity. 
that all students have access to high quality public education and that schools and educators have the support they need to help all students reach high standards. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ), 
a new member of the committee whose leadership has been very impressive, and his passion on this is unmatched. 
years, we educated our children without Federal intrusion. During that time, we not only founded our Nation and strengthened it and held it together during a Civil War, we won two World Wars and put a man on the Moon. We did it with the innovative spirit that local, educated States, families, and people had without Federal intrusion mandating how they should be educated. 
Now, we see an opportunity to preserve individual freedom, to preserve States’ rights, to protect privacy, to allow our teachers, to allow our local school boards, to allow our local communities, to continue to educate. 
States don’t do a good job. That may be, but it is not their choice, and it is certainly not the Federal Government’s choice, to coerce and to put things out there. 
My State of Oklahoma is often referred to as ‘‘flyover country.’’ But our unemployment is 4.2 percent. That is nearly half that of many of these States that think that we ought to have some progressive Federal control of our education. We have no problem putting our population and our workforce to work. We also have the largest per capita population of astronauts and those in the space program. So much for lack of education in flyover country. 
agree in a bipartisan fashion that No Child Left Behind is bad—and it is leaving children behind—but we get there not by some collective coercive 
control. We get there by relying on teachers, school districts, and local control. 
sizefitsall accountability metric, which will remain if we do nothing. And I think our colleagues, Madam Chair, would agree. 
It eliminates over 65 wasteful programs that are currently authorized under law and which will remain if we do nothing. It eliminates mandates that force local schools to reserve 20 percent of their funds for activities that they don’t desire to do. Those mandates will remain if we do nothing. And it will also prohibit any agency of the Federal Government from coercing States to adopt Common Core or any other set of standards through waivers, Federal grants, or any other authority. That coercion remains if we do nothing. 
And, in bipartisan fashion, it eliminates the Feds from having control of individual data from teachers and students—a concern that we all share— and that being sent to the Secretary of Education or the Department of Education. It also covers tribal data protections that are often overlooked as well. 
that is absent under No Child Left Behind. Where it says States may do this or that, it is not the Federal Government’s authority to do so. Instead, it says States retain the right to. 
it makes provisions for military dependent children, who currently are often overlooked as they move from place to place. 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
have a long period of time, and I will be brief. 
passed, at the request of President Bush, No Child Left Behind, which everybody has recognized does not have some of the components that it ought to have and has some components that it ought not to have—and Mr. SCOTT’s 
substitute fixes that which is broken— I will point out that that bill passed 384–45. 
floor before and got no Democratic votes. How sad it is that on an issue so important to our country, we don’t have a bipartisan bill. 
Now this bill had no hearings, notwithstanding the fact there are 63 new Members. I am very pleased—and I thank Mr. SCOTT—that the Democratic 
alternative includes the full service community school program that I have been promoting for years. 
bring the successful model of the Judith P. Hoyer Early Childhood Centers to K–12 nationally. Opportunities—there are 33 Judy 
Centers in Maryland, and there will be another three opening later this school year. My wife, for whom Judy Centers were named, was a strong proponent of this highly successful model, which has helped in closing the achievement gaps for thousands of students in Maryland. Sadly, H.R. 5 does not include provisions for those services, which will make a difference. 
I thank the chairman for his leadership and the ranking member for his leadership and contribution. 
Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, can I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side? 
from Minnesota has 1 minute remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 1
seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
that No Child Left Behind does not work. I think we all agree that every child deserves a good education. That is what H.R. 5 provides. It provides our teachers, our boards of education, and our States the opportunity to innovate. 
about? That is what the business world is all about. That is why I am supporting this bill. 
Chair, could you state again how much time is left? 
Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. HONDA ). 
Democratic substitute amendment to H.R. 5. This amendment builds on the lessons we learned from No Child Left Behind, protecting our most vulnerable students without punishing teachers. It meets the needs of the whole child, provides a wraparound service promoting community schools. 
States valuable, disaggregated data about individual student groups with individual learning. It is innovative, it is creative, and it is encouraging innovative, evidencebased practices. 
learned from No Child Left Behind . . . protecting our most vulnerable students without punishing teachers. 
child . . . providing wraparound services and promoting community schools. 
It ensures that all students count . . . giving 
states valuable, disaggregated data about individual student groups with individual learning needs. 
It supports and rewards exceptional teachers . . . by creating a STEM Master Teacher Corps. 
the Federal commitment to students who are in the most need. 
This act was an historic step to help protect 
our most vulnerable students . . . by increasing the Federal commitment to education. 
As we revisit this law, we have a real opportunity to take a step forward. To build on the successes and fix the problems. 
chose to take a step backwards . . . removing important protections for our most vulnerable students. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic Substitute. 
Chair, I include for the RECORD a list of 
civil rights, education, child advocacy, and healthrelated organizations in support of this amendment. 
Caucus, 2. Congressional Black Caucus, 3. Congressional Hispanic Caucus, 4. Alliance for Excellent Education, 5. American Association on Health and Disability, 6. American Congress of Community Supports and Employment Services, 7. American Foundation for the Blind, 8. American Speech Language Hearing Association, 9. Association for University Centers on Disability, 10. Autism National Committee, 11. Autistic Self Advocacy Network, 12. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, 13. Brain Injury Association of America, 14. Council for Learning Disabilities, 15. Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates, 16. Easter Seals, 17. Education Trust, 18. Epilepsy Foundation, 19. Grantmakers in the Arts, 20. Knowledge Alliance. 
National Taskforce on Education, 22. Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, 23. Lutheran Services in America Disability Network, 24. Mental Health America, 25. National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities, 26. National Association of School Psychologists, 27. National Association of State Head Injury Administrators, 28. National Center for Learning Disabilities, 29. National Center for Families Learning, 30. National Center for Special Education in Charter Schools, 31. National Council on Independent Living, 32. National Disability Rights Network, 33. National Down Syndrome Congress, 34. National Urban League, 35. Nemours Children’s Health System, 36. Perkins, 37. PACER Center, 38. Southern Poverty Law Center, 39. The Arc, 40. TASH. 
Virginia Commonwealth University; University Center for Excellence in Developmental Disabilities, 43. Zero to Three. 
Chair, I yield 30 seconds to my colleague from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ), 
former Lieutenant Governor. Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I rise in 
our kids. It is our responsibility to make sure our kids are safe at school. Too often, dangerous and abusive techniques are used to discipline our students, disproportionately subjecting minority students and students with disabilities to seclusion and restraint in the classroom. 
protect our students by developing appropriate national standards on the use of seclusion and restraint. We cannot reduce the Federal oversight role for the very reason that our kids need to be safe in order to be educated. 
Chair, can you remind us how much time we have left? 
from Minnesota has 30 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 30 seconds remaining. 
Chair, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
Democratic substitute is a lot better base bill than the Republican version. It does a better job getting accountability right, expanding and replicating what works in public education, and changing what doesn’t work in public education. 
Mr. KLINE. I am. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I would like to take a moment to thank my staff and would like to introduce a list of the staff members who have worked hard on this bill: Denise Forte, Jacque Chevalier, Christian Haines, Kelly Broughan, Scott Groginsky, Ashlyn Holeyfield, Brett Roude, and Theresa Thompson. They worked hard on this bill. 
put a substitute together. We did the best we could. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Madam Chair, I feel like 
I have to compliment the minority for writing a bill in 2 days that is a ream and a half of paper—that is quite an accomplishment—that adds more programs, costs more money, and doubles down on what are failed policies. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mrs. B LACK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 2 o’clock and 16 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S.527. Appointments: National Historical Publications and Records Commission. 
ON H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule XXII, and by direction of the Committee on Appropriations, I move to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
Senate amendment thereto, disagree with the Senate amendment, and request a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Speaker, we need to go to conference in order to move the process forward. 
and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 228, nays 191, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Katko Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 102, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Speaker, on rollcall No. 102, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
on rollcall No. 102, the motion to go to conference on H.R. 240, I was not present becrause I was unavoidably detained at the Army Corps Civil Works Review Board for the Port Everglades expansion project, which is important to the South Florida economy. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
102 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on sending to conference. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. KEATING. Madam Speaker, on February 27, 2015 Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on the Motion to go to Conference on H.R. 240, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
I would like the record to reflect how I would 
‘‘no.’’ I remain strongly disappointed that Republican leadership has not brought a clean, longterm bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security to the floor. It is time to adequately fund DHS operations and personnel and stop playing games with our national security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GOWDY. Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 226, noes 186, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 19, as follows: 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Pitts 
Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Wagner Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick 
Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hunter 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Love Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Sewell (AL) Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Torres Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
Ashford Chaffetz Courtney Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Garamendi Hinojosa Hudson 
Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 103, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
in support of the motion to instruct conferees to agree to a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Democratic and Republican negotiators reached a deal on 2015 Homeland Security funding levels and related policy issues in December. The Republican leadership made the political calculation to hold this funding hostage to ideological policy riders reversing the President’s executive actions on immigration. 
concessions, the Senate has done the right thing and moved forward to pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill that does not include poison pill immigration riders. Yet House leadership continues to dither, keeping alive the threat of a shutdown affecting the agencies that protect our ports, borders, aviation systems, communities, and more. 
clear the will of the House is for a clean fullyear Homeland Security funding bill. This motion rejects spending another 3 weeks failing to give our critical agency the budget certainty it needs to hire employees, invest in new equipment and technologies, and provide preparedness grants on which our communities rely. 
A $40 billion Cabinetlevel department must be able to plan more than 3 weeks in advance and must not be forced to rely on outdated funding levels or policies for 1 day longer than they already have. 
We know that the Senate cannot and will not pass a bill that irresponsibly ties Homeland Security funding to immigration policy. We know that the President would never sign such a bill into law. 
some of the most important agencies in our Federal Government. It is time, my colleagues, it is time, my friends, to move on, and the way to do that is through a clean, fullyear 2015 bipartisan Homeland Security funding bill that we negotiated, Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate. Let’s do it. 
Speaker, at this time, I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
of the Appropriations Committee. I fully understand and respect the significant place that this committee sits in, Republicans and Democrats, to keep the government funded. I know that. I think the first responsibility of Congress is to keep the government open. But I take great reservation to my colleague’s suggestion that somehow this is an abdication of our constitutional responsibility. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
something clear to the American people today. All week I have seen signs on the House floor saying that Republicans are shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, and I have seen press conferences saying Republicans are shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, scaring the American people about something that has not happened. 
Where are the solutions and where is the compromise? Because I will tell the American people this today: what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said is: It is all or nothing. 
DHS bill. I am very sympathetic to that. But to take that position when we know that there are Members of this body who take grave, grave reservation to the constitutional overreach of the President, that is an abdication of the constitutional responsibility of this body. 
Signs are not legislating. Press conferences are not legislating. Legislating is reaching a compromise between two sides of the aisle with very different views of this. I will tell you, this process has not gone how I would have wished it to go. But I know this: the Nation is better and the Congress is better when we have regular order and when we legislate the way the Constitution has ordained. 
our constitutional authority to recognize that we have a bicameral, bipartisan Congress with a disagreement, and what we owe to the United States Constitution is the opportunity for us to find a compromise. 
So I will ask you this: What if DACA 
provisions were removed from the DHS bill? Does that get us votes? What if we delayed the President’s executive order until final disposition by the courts? 
Does that get us votes? What gets us the votes we need as a body of 300 Members? Not 218 Members, but 300 Members. Where is the compromise? All or nothing is not legislating. 
comment by the majority leader on the other side of this building this morning to suggest that going to conference is a waste of time. That is an abdication of the constitutional responsibility of this body. 
is that we recognize the difference and we ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Where is the compromise? Because all or nothing is not legislating. Signs are not legislating, scare tactics are not legislating, and press conferences are not legislating. 
Speaker, I would just like to point out that we have a solution, and it is the bipartisan, bicameral compromise bill that was sent by the Senate for us to vote on, and that is what we are asking for. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), the ranking minority member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security. 
lot of discussion has been that, somehow, the President has acted unconstitutionally or unlawfully. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
what the President has done. Prosecutorial discretion is a longestablished practice in every area of the law, both civil and criminal. When a law enforcement agency has only enough resources to go after a fraction of the individuals who it suspects of violating the relevant law, it has to make choices. There is no alternative. 
do we recognize this, Congress has specifically directed the head of the Department to set priorities, enforcement priorities, for removal. 
Now, in addition to that, the Supreme Court has recognized in many cases the need—and really the authority of the executive—to make these decisions. In the Arizona case, it said Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. 
Service has found that no court appears to have invalidated a policy of nonenforcement founded upon prosecutorial discretion on the grounds that the policy violated the take care clause. 
Congress has expressly recognized deferred action by name repeatedly. In addition to the statute, the formal regulations of the Justice Department and Homeland Security have also expressly recognized deferred action. 
Discrimination case, Justice Scalia said, ‘‘At each stage, the Executive has discretion to abandon the endeavor’’— referring to the removal process—‘‘and at the time IIRIA was enacted, the INS had been engaging in a regular practice 
(which has come to be known as ’deferred action’) of exercising that discretion for humanitarian reasons or simply for its own convenience.’’ 
unlawful are so far wrong because nothing in the recent executive actions conflicts with either the letter or the spirit of the Immigration and Nationality Act or any other Federal statute. 
did not find the President’s action unconstitutional. It suggested—and I think wrongly—that the Administrative Procedure Act applies to these actions. There is nothing in the history of the Administrative Procedure Act that suggests that is the case. 
I would just suggest that the Republicans fund Homeland Security and let the process work through the courts. 
Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), 
Speaker, let me just be clear—I am from Florida—the number one responsibility of any Member of Congress is to defend the American people, and we don’t do that by punting our responsibility to fund Homeland Security, period. 
one that got on this floor and said it is a political football. If it is a political football, you are done playing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members must direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ). 
thank my friend from Texas not just for the time, but for the work he is doing to try to fund the responsibilities of the government. 
years, Madam Speaker, and I have grown to love this institution. I have grown to love the people who serve in this institution, and it is disappointing to me to see some of the tempers that boil over here and have that on display for the American people. 
Madam Speaker, because folks here care. They don’t care a little; they care a lot. 
we have been going through this process—and the Appropriations Committee has been working so hard—is how do we bring our passion to the 
President’s desk in a way that can make a difference for our people back home. 
I look at the chairman of the Appropriations Committee here and the ranking member. For Pete’s sake, they passed a bill out of committee on this issue last summer. 
think that the Congress is so derelict that we put everything off until the eleventh hour. Not true, Madam Speaker. Last summer, the House passed this out of committee. 
down last summer. We passed seven bills across this floor. The Senate had yet to pass one. I am tired of figuring out who to blame here. I am in the business of trying to figure out how to solve problems. 
Golly, they have considered more amendments in the Senate so far in 2015 than they considered all of last year combined. They are making progress. We are starting to get this train back on track. 
though it seems so controversial, is we have got a motion to instruct, Madam Speaker, conferees. Now, I disagree with the motion to instruct. The motion says: Let’s just do what the Senate said we should do. 
my constitutional obligation, but the fact that we are even in a place today to instruct conferees, it takes us back. I would argue if we took a poll outside, Madam Speaker, we could find folks all up and down Constitution Avenue, all up and down Independence Avenue, who saw that skit on ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ with the bill tumbling down the stairs as folks tried to remember how a bill becomes a law. 
resolution today, we are going to be able to demonstrate how a bill becomes a law when the House has a position and the Senate has a position and they come together to work out those differences before it goes to the President’s desk. 
years. I can count on one hand how many times I have seen that process work. These issues are too important to say: The other body took care of it, I will just defer to them. 
The Members of this body are too talented, they are too committed, they love this country too much. For the 435 of us to come together and say, We have nothing to add, let’s just do what the Senate said—I can’t count the number of colleagues I have, Madam Speaker, on the Democratic side of the aisle who love this country, care about this country on one hand. I can’t count them on two hands. I can’t count them on all of my fingers and toes because it is every single Member. 
The same thing is true on my side of 
the aisle. I would just ask my friends, my committed patriot friends, it is 3 
our collective voice heard. The American people deserve it; the Nation needs it. Our leaders on the Appropriations Committee, Republican and Democrat alike, have given us an opportunity to do it. 
reject this motion to instruct, but let’s do go to conference. Let’s pass this continuing resolution, and let’s restore some pride in a process that has served this country so well for so long. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to point out to the gentlemen that the ranking members and chairs of the Appropriations Subcommittees of the House and the Senate worked together on the bill that we are trying to bring for a vote, that this was a negotiated bill by both Houses. 
just trying to bring from the Senate without the House having any input. This was the negotiated, compromised bill of both Houses. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), 
are watching this debate, I would like to take us back to December of 2014 when we passed this thing called the CR/Omnibus, all these spending bills together that we spent money for the American people over the course of a year to fund our government, except for the Department of Homeland Security bill, which would be funded right through midnight tonight. 
for this short term? For one reason and one reason only: The Republican majority wanted to pick a fight with the President over the President’s execution of his lawful authority to try to solve problems in the area of immigration. 
who has a long history of Republican partisanship, decided that he would issue an order stopping the execution of this executive order action; so, now, why don’t we let the district court handle it, pass a yearlong bill, and look after the public safety of the American people? 
This thing is where it should be. It is 
with the courts. People on the Republican side of the aisle, Madam Speaker, who say that this is unconstitutional— which it is not—now have the ball in the court they say they want it in, which is in the court’s hands, so let us get about the business of protecting the homeland. 
Madam Speaker, I am from Minneapolis, Minnesota, and I am proud of that, but I have got a terrorist group in Somalia talking about what they want to do to my mall. That is a fact of my district right now, and I feel very bitter and resentful that we are holding 
I ask this body to not kick the ball 
for 3 weeks, but to get to business now, so that we can plan and protect our homeland. 
This is serious business, not a political football to acquire power. 
Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), my friend. 
thank the chairman for letting me speak on this motion. 
As a past chairman of this Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I know firsthand how important it is for the funding for Homeland Security to go forward. The bottom line is the House has done its job. 
to fund the Federal Government for the fiscal year. We kept the funding for the Department of Homeland Security on a continuing resolution so that it would not lapse. 
By doing so, we were making a promise to the American people, a promise that once the Republicans had full control of the Senate, we would work together as a Congress to ensure that the President’s unconstitutional and dangerous actions would not go unchecked. 
the Constitution that the laws of this land will be upheld; however, the concern that we have now is the President is directing Federal employees to take unlawful actions. 
The House position on this bill provides proper funding. It defends the President’s unlawful actions. The House has voted, the Senate has voted, and—as my colleague from Florida had said earlier—once that happens when you don’t agree, you go to conference, and that is how you legislate. 
support the actions laid out by the Speaker so that we can move forward with this so that we can go to conference and act like true legislators in how the Founding Fathers in their wisdom meant for this to move forward. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I realize that I haven’t been serving in this body very long—only 8 weeks—but today is exactly the kind of day that drives most people nuts about Congress. Even though we all agree—Senate Republicans, Senate Democrats, in a more than 2–1 vote; House Democrats and House Republicans—that we need to fund the Department of Homeland Security, yet here we are a few hours before the deadline once again playing 
end this. We have the Senate bill in front of us. Let us adopt the bipartisan bill, get the Department of Homeland Security funded, and then we can move on and have this legitimate debate about immigration. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), 
a member of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Madam Speaker, I would like to repeat some things that I have heard over the last couple of weeks about this particular situation: 
playing politics with a national security agency like the Department of Homeland Security, particularly given the high threat environment that we are in right now.’’ 
‘‘The political impasse on DHS funding must end. Responsible members of both parties must work together to find some way to fund DHS without further delay.’’ 
‘‘The worst thing we can do is let our 
enemies think we are backing off, that we are cutting off funding. This involves human lives, and this is too risky a game to be playing here. This is no way to run a government.’’ 
words. Those are words from Republican Members of this body discussing the reckless game that their party is playing with the funding of the Department of Homeland Security. 
voting for a clean funding bill right now involves some kind of an ideological orientation. We have got a lot of constitutional lawyers, apparently, in this body because people are arguing whether it is constitutional or not. Meanwhile, we face threats day in and day out, both here and abroad, that we are not being able to cope with. 
There is a great or legendary conservative thinker and writer, William F. Buckley, Jr. He once said: ‘‘Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive.’’ Right now, the costs to our defense, the security of our Nation are becoming prohibitive. Let’s stop this argument. Let’s do what we both agree on and fund our Nation’s security apparatus. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
to oppose this motion, and I would like to address the House with the reasons why. 
I have been here for a year and 2 
months, and I believe in my time here, this is the first time that we have actually been in the position to get a bill 
disagreed with us and that we have even the opportunity to go to a conference. 
it was my understanding that that is the way the process works. The bill starts in one House, goes to another House; the other House disagrees, and it comes back to the other House. If the other House wants to go and discuss it, we go to conference and discuss it. 
This House took a very important position back in January to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and we added some riders. Now we need to go to conference so that our position, the House’s position, can be fully discussed by the conferees for both Houses. During that discussion, we don’t know what the outcome will be, but that discussion could lead to something that could get us a solution. That is what the people of America want us to try to do is to get to a solution. So far what we have tried hasn’t worked. 
Now, I wish the Senate had acted earlier. I wish we could have gotten this back in time enough for us not to have to go through some of the gyrations we are doing now, but we are where we are. To go to conference and to give whoever is appointed as the House conferees the opportunity to work with whoever is appointed from the Senate as their conferees to try to arrive at something like a consensus that we can all vote for—even if we don’t feel 100 percent good about it—seems to be what I thought we learned in high school civics class is the way the process is supposed to work. 
So I hope that we will go forward. I 
hope this motion is defeated for that purpose, so that we can do things in regular order, which perhaps this Congress has forgotten to do, it has been so many years since we have done it. Now that the Senate has acted—and many of us, including me, have said we wanted the Senate to act—let’s take their action, go to a conference committee with them, and work on trying to get this thing worked out. 
going to work, that nothing is going to come of it. I tell you this: if we don’t try it, absolutely it is not going to work; but if we give it a chance, then we could get something out of it that is a win not for us in this House or the Senate, but a win for the people of the United States of America, the people we are here to represent. 
Houses and both parties can come together at least long enough for us to talk with one another, not at one another, not from an ideology, not from a partisan standpoint, but from the standpoint of what is best for the people of the United States and for what is appropriate under the Constitution of the United States, because we are also here, as our oath requires, to uphold the Constitution of our country. 
an opportunity to go in there and do the right thing to protect the people of 
America through the funding of the Department of Homeland Security and to do the right thing to defend the Constitution of our country. By defeating this motion and going forward with the conference, we give the process a chance to work, and to work well, in both of those regards. 
side who think we should just give in; but I don’t think we should just give in, because I don’t think the American people want us to just give in. I think the American people want us to do our work, to make sure we protect our country by appropriately funding the Department of Homeland Security, but that we also protect our country by defending the Constitution of the United States. 
President are unconstitutional. A judge has stayed those actions because he has got some legal issues with them. I don’t know what is going to happen in that court proceeding. I am not going to try to predict that here on the floor of the House, because a lot of times you try to predict a court proceeding, you will find out you are wrong. 
In the meantime, we still have an obligation to do our job, and I think going forward with this conference committee is doing our job in the most important of senses. I appreciate the opportunity to stand here today and address this House and to urge my colleagues to defeat this motion so that we can do something we haven’t done in a number of years, and that is to fulfill the obligations given to us by our forebears, do our job, get this thing done, get it done right, and make sure that we have done right by the people of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 14 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 14 minutes remaining. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
LEE), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations. 
the gentlelady for her excellent work on the Subcommittee on Homeland Security of the Committee on Appropriations and the gentleman, Mr. CARTER . 
made on the floor, might I just chronicle a more correct, if I might say, articulation of really what happened. 
First, it is an applause and appreciation for the work done by the gentlelady from California and the gentleman from Texas, along with the ranking member and the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, because they had 12 appropriations bills ready to go forward. 
the other side of the aisle is they debunked the full funding of the Department of Homeland Security because of 
their ire against the President’s authorized constitutional executive action. That is why we are here today, for no other reason than, rather than allowing the debate on a clean funding on the omnibus bills, the 12 that have come from the House, they took out the Department of Homeland Security and left it to the side. 
young women, as I indicated. Three Denver girls played hooky from school and tried to join ISIS. They took it out in the light of the FBI Director saying there is an ISIS cell in every State. They took it out in the light of the tragedies that happened in Paris, in Denmark, and have happened around the world in Australia. Boko Haram, they took it out. They took out that full funding of the Department of Homeland Security and skewed it by adding their contempt for the executive action. 
But then, lo and behold, what happened is a judge didn’t rule it unconstitutional in Texas. That was not the order of the court. It was that there were questions that should be decided— it was actually a stay—and that it should have gone through an administrative procedure, the APA. It did not rule it unconstitutional, but it was an action that caused, at least for the moment, a stay in the actions of the President. 
It says that today we can come and give a full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Ms. ROYBALALLARD. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
their concern about the executive action. In the meantime, we have every opportunity tonight, today to vote on a clean full funding of the Department of Homeland Security until September, because that is what the Senate did. They did their work. 
spite of the letter from the Secretary of Homeland Security, and we are telling the Customs and Border Protection, we are telling the TSOs, the FAA, the ICE officers, all of them, we put a stop sign and said we no longer want to secure America. 
I ask for support of this motion to instruct, and I ask for full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. Let’s do our job. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. 
Madam Speaker, I am here today absolutely in amazement that we are in this discussion about the Constitution of the United States. This is an issue of 
of our liberties. As important as the Homeland Security bill is, we recognize today that the Congress has made its statement, the President of the United States has made his statement 22 times that he did not have the right to declare amnesty, the courts have made their statement, and yet today we are in this dialogue. 
watching today and seeing the miscommunication of truth. The truth is we are committed to the Constitution, and we are going to stand by the Constitution. We are not going to allow the edict of one person to commit this country to a direction unchallenged. We are here committed to that principle. We believe that the rights of the American people are founded in this Constitution, and we will submit ourselves to that. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  
debate and watched as some of the people talked about what our duty was and was not as Members of Congress, I thought I might come down and read the oath that we as Members of Congress take. It is simple. 
will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter, so help me God.’’ 
about immigration. This is about whether or not the President has the ability to unilaterally run this country by creating fees and spending those fees as he sees fit. I would submit to you that he doesn’t. If the President can do this and is allowed to get away with this, then, when we get a prolife President, that prolife President can create a fee on abortion providers and use it to fund adoption. 
Party, which prefers free cell phones to taking care of the men and women who protect our country in uniform, likes the rules when they are working for them but doesn’t want to abide by the rules all the time. 
What the President has done violates, I believe, the separation of powers. I would suggest to you that this is a very dangerous precedent, and this is well worth fighting for in maintaining our oath as Members of the United States Congress to defend the Constitution. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). 
not lose focus here. We are talking about our country’s security. We heard what would happen if the homeland function were to be eliminated immediately over a shutdown even with the emergency provisions that are existing. 
and that is the issue of our security being jeopardized because of these stopgap budgets. Now, what does that mean? That means we continue to work within the constraints of last year’s priorities, that we can’t move beyond the funding that is there for those functions that we said were important for our security last year. The trouble with that is the terrorist threats are changing every single day. The landscape is changing under our feet, yet we are in a straightjacket in dealing with it. We cannot continue going forward. It has already jeopardized our ability to look at nuclear detection in this country because of these stopgap budgets. 
with the Boston Marathon bombing, but I think all of us agree and all of us saw the way they organized, the way they coordinated all the functions—the State, the local, and the Federal Government, the medical functions, the emergency service. We all concluded— rightfully so—that countless lives were saved because of that. Do you know why? Because there was training and preparation for what could come. 
country with the threats that are confronting us here today and tomorrow— terrorist attacks—with last year’s priorities and without being able to shift and meet those priorities. Let’s stop the stopgap budgeting. It is hurting our country. It is hurting our security. Let’s do what we are supposed to do under the Constitution—make these decisions to fund it. 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
in support of this motion. I also rise to lament the fact that we had an opportunity just a few hours ago, or an hour ago, to do what the Senate rationally did. After four opportunities of trying to adopt the House position, the Senate failed to do so. 
Texas talk about the Constitution. I have heard a lot of people say we ought to read the Constitution. I agree with that. The Constitution has provided for the resolution of the injury of which you speak so passionately, and that is Article III of the Constitution. 
Marbury v. Madison said that the Supreme Court had the authority, whether it was the President or the Congress, 
to say that that is not constitutional. Frankly, by our passing a law and saying this is constitutional, as has been attempted and done in the past by my Republican friends, to say, ‘‘we say, by legislative fiat, this is constitutional,’’ unfortunately, today, we gave up the opportunity to act responsibly. My friend Mr. ROGERS , for whom I have 
are going to be back here some 20 days from today with this same debate because the Senate has already said they are not going to conference. When I say ‘‘the Senate,’’ the Democrats are not going to give 60 votes as the Republicans would not give 60 votes to go to conference on other bills in past years. 
order of the legislation we are considering. Had we done the original order, we would have done this motion to go to conference and the motion to instruct first. As a result, we would have still had the Senate bill in the House of Representatives so as to act responsibly, but there apparently was a fear that we might do that, so that bill was sent back to the Senate before we considered the CR for 21 days. 
on this motion to instruct. Vote ‘‘yes’’ to, at some point in time, do what is the responsible and doable alternative. It is not a question of whether you like it or I like it. It is the alternative that we in the Congress can do, and that is why 68 Members of the United States Senate—Republicans and Democrats— voted to say we have tried for 6 weeks to do what we all need to do, and that is to fund the Department of Homeland Security to keep America safe. We are going to delay that; but, at a minimum, we ought to say to the conferees—and few of us on this floor believe there will be any conference. Again, the Senate will not vote to go to conference. Let us vote at least for this responsible motion made by the gentlewoman from California. 
Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have left. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from California has 5
Speaker, I would first like to say that I certainly hope that Mr. HOYER , when 
he referred to his young friend from Texas, was talking about me. That makes me feel really good. I appreciate that. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to my 
appreciated so much my friend Mr. SCOTT for bringing up that oath. It 
does mean a lot—in my case, taking that oath to serve in the Army for 4 years, taking, basically, the same oath to be a prosecutor in Texas, to be a judge in Texas, to be a chief justice in Texas, and now to be in Congress. It 
means something. Protecting the Constitution means that, if we don’t preserve the balance of power, then this little experiment in democracy—or ‘‘a Republic, madam,’’ as Benjamin Franklin referred to—will be lost. 
Maryland said, and I wrote it down because it was profound: ‘‘we gave up the opportunity to act responsibly.’’ 
Speaker, that that has been going on for the last 6 years. Now, some of it went on during the Bush administration as the President used executive orders and took powers that probably shouldn’t have been his. In talking to people who have been in Congress over the last 35 years or so, they have told me that, whether it was Gerald Ford or Richard Nixon when Goldwater went down Pennsylvania Avenue, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, or George W. Bush, there was a willingness on both sides of the aisle to get in a car together and go down Pennsylvania Avenue and say, ‘‘Mr. President, you have usurped far too much power. We can’t let you destroy the Constitution any further. We are taking a stand.’’ We have missed that opportunity to act responsibly, but, fortunately, it is not yet too late. 
If you do not know what ‘‘irresponsibility’’ is, then look at Judge Hanen’s opinion. He spells it out. This President didn’t even have the gumption to write an executive order and sign it. He spoke his new amnesty law into being, and then Jeh Johnson did a memo. That took the power of Congress away from us. So the question on acting responsibly is: Do we make that message clear that we are not having laws spoken into being in this country and having some bureaucrat—unelected—come around with a memo that undoes laws by different Congresses all these years that have been signed by different Presidents? With a memo? Come on. 
the time. Please. I know party divisions run deep, but stand with us for the Constitution. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I commend her and Congresswoman LOWEY for their 
very important motion to instruct conferees to accept the Senate language. 
some of what a previous speaker had mentioned, but I am going to go to the most recent previous speaker. 
don’t know if this is about thinking or feeling—about the immigration issue and the executive actions taken by the President, I respect that; but why are you jeopardizing the homeland security of the United States of America by attaching your emotions to this bill? 
have an argument about immigration, have an immigration bill come to the floor, and let’s have that debate. You 
did say that we have given up the opportunity to act responsibly. That is exactly what you are doing today. Policy differences about immigration or the rest are a legitimate debate in this great marketplace of ideas that is called the House of Representatives; but it is not for you to hold hostage the homeland security of our country, to jeopardize the opportunity to prepare, to have what is current and necessary for the realities of the threats that we are facing now instead of—3 months since December until, it would be, March 19—3monthold funding carried over from last year. A lot has happened since then in Paris, in the Middle East, with threats in our own country. 
a grip, Madam Speaker. Give us a chance to vote on a bill that passed by more than twothirds in the United States Senate with strong bipartisan support. 
Obama, nobody said ‘‘boo’’ over there when President Reagan used—justifiably so, rightfully so—his executive orders on protecting immigrants in our country. George Herbert Walker Bush, the same. President Clinton. George W. Bush, who was one of the best Presidents on immigration in our country, wasn’t able to convince his Republican colleagues to respect immigration as the invigoration of our country. But, nonetheless, he led on that subject. 
So you have made a mess. We have so 
many bills, counter bills, CRs, all the rest of it coming back, forward, and all the rest, and every time I ask all of you what is happening, everybody says: I don’t know. 
It is only 8 hours until the government will shut down. That can’t possibly happen. And I want to address that point. Someone has said to me, Well, the President said he won’t let the government shut down—that he would sign this 3week option. That is a bad choice that we have given the President—to shut the government down or extend it for 3 weeks—when that 3week extension is as undermining to our national security as a shutdown in government. That is just not right. It is not responsible on our part. 
want to go down that path of poor choices, let the Republicans do that. If they have got multiagendas here, anti Obama agendas here about immigration and the rest, let them go down that path. Let them put their 218 votes on the board without our associating ourselves with it. 
And just because the President’s person says of the two bad choices he would choose the 3 weeks if it came to his desk, don’t let that deter you from voting ‘‘no’’ on that and ‘‘yes’’ on what Congresswoman ROYBAL ALLARD and 
forth as well. Yes, we do take that oath, as the gentleman said, whether you are a judge, whether you are in the military, whether you are in Congress, or the 
President of the United States, to protect and support the Constitution of the United States. We are not protecting anything with what you are doing here. We are not protecting anything. We are dragging it out. 
some historic reason, we are now taking it out on Barack Obama because we are angry about what the gentleman on the Republican side said that Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Bush have done. Bring it up under another circumstance. Keep it off the protection of our country. 
with our ranking member, Congresswoman LOWEY , was able to put together 12 bills which were a compromise—bills that everyone was prepared to support—until you decided you were going to use immigration to hold hostage the national homeland security of our country. 
And so kick the can to here. Now you 
have kicked the can to here, and now you are going to kick the can to March 19. What do you think is going to happen on March 19? We have already had two recesses today in this very day of congressional deliberation. What do you think you are going to accomplish later if you are not willing to grow up, bite the bullet? You made your point. 
Your colleagues, the Republican Senators, do not agree to drag this out. They have given you a facesaving path. The judge in Texas gave you a facesaving path. ‘‘I am Charlie’’—‘‘Je suis Charlie’’—gave you a facesaving path. 
clear to everyone except if you happen to exist in this Chamber—when your negative attitudes toward President Obama have so overwhelmed you that you are willing to jeopardize the homeland security of our country. So whether it is firefighters, the SAFER Act, FEMA, or anything where the Federal Government comes in contact with people, you are standing in the way and using immigration as the excuse. For some of you, it may be a reason. Maybe it is for some of you, but for some of you it is an excuse. And for all of you it is a shame. It is a shame. 
Senate language, we are not living up to our responsibility to have a bill in the House. And then you expect them to accept your language. Doesn’t it hold true both ways? If you don’t want to accept their language, why do you expect them to accept your 3week language? 
Do you not understand the legislative process? This Constitution, which we value, has the legislative branch. The first article of government is the legislature, preeminent. The President can’t sign what we don’t send him, in terms of making the law. He can take executive action, but the law is stronger. 
stop standing in the way of protecting the American people. It is about the security of the American people versus the philosophy that you have going over there, which is perfectly to be respected in another piece of legislation. Let’s have that debate separate from protecting. 
It is about time for us to come together to get the job done. The Senate did it. We can. Please support Congresswoman ROYBAL ALLARD ’s and 
Congresswoman L OWEY ’s motion to instruct the conferees to accept the Senate bill. 
Chair reminds Members to please direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 7
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Does the gentlewoman have other speakers? 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
schoolteachers shake their fingers at me and tell me things. And most of the times, I have deserved it. I have been looked right at and told I was wrong before. Many of those times, I deserved it. 
clear. This is not a debate on immigration. This is not a debate on whether or not we are going to fund the Department. We are funding the Department for the next 3 weeks, using the same manner that we funded this Department for years at a time when our colleagues on the other side of the aisle were in charge of this House. 
vehicles that they used in funding our country during the period of time they ran this place. So we are not using anything that we don’t all use. It funds the Department. It keeps the Border Patrol okay and keeps them paid. 
that—by the way, the gentleman is absolutely right. In what we would call recent history, going to conference was so rare—my mother used to say ‘‘rare as hen’s teeth’’—when they ran this place. 
that was designed to be done, and we are going to conference. When you go to conference and you have two sides of the story, you are supposed to go in there and discuss the two sides of the story. What they are asking to instruct here is to just take what the Senate sent us. 
should reward the Senate. This is about the first thing they have sent us in recent history where we have actually had a bipartisan vote. In fact, last year we just didn’t have any votes at all. In fact, you wondered if they even 
And so here we are. We are going to 
conference and doing it the way it is supposed to be done. All parties will be able to participate, and maybe we will resolve our differences and maybe we won’t, but the American people also ask us to try to work in a bipartisan manner. And here is our opportunity. 
will be funded. They will have a paycheck. We will address this issue in conference, and hopefully we will come to a resolution the way we are designed to with bipartisan participation. 
after having spent 4 years with some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and some of the colleagues over here working on immigration, I am not antiimmigration policy. This is anti stepping on the feet of the Framers of the Constitution and walking all over that piece of paper. 
And that is why we are here to fight 
today. We are fighting for the rights of this legislative body as we address the Executive. And we are fighting to fund the Department. 
Speaker, let me just say that regardless of what the other side of the aisle will have us believe, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the men and women who put their lives on the front line every day for us and to protect this country tell us that a continuing resolution jeopardizes their ability to fully and effectively protect this country. 
And so I urge my colleagues to do the 
responsible thing and to vote for this motion to instruct conferees to bring back a clean, fullyear, bipartisan funding bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Security to fully and effectively protect our Nation and the American people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to instruct. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
joint resolution H.J. Res. 35 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 1, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘March 19, 
reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s motion. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Speaker, this motion to recommit will not kill the resolution or send it back to committee. If adopted, the continuing resolution will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
will change the date of the continuing resolution to September 30, 2015, and will incorporate by reference all the funding levels and provisions of H.R. 861, the clean, bipartisan, fullyear funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
What is gained by further putting off a resolution to this crisis of Republicans’ own making? 
weeks from now. We will almost certainly not have any final resolution from the judicial branch of the President’s executive action. Nothing can be gained by further delay, but much can be lost. 
These are the warnings of the Secretary of Homeland Security who has pointed out, over and over again, that the Department of Homeland Security is not doing just fine under the current continuing resolution and that there are significant consequences if we force the Department to keep living with the uncertainty of a continuing resolution. 
American people are counting on us, and the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security, so many of whom risk their health and safety every single day to keep us safe, are counting on us, too. 
when we continue to leave them in uncertainty over whether they will get paid 3 weeks from now? What message do we send them when we take their service for granted by using this funding bill as a pawn in a political game? 
motion to recommit so we can put an end to this nonsense and allow the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security to go about the business of protecting this country knowing that we are fully behind them. 
Madam Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. 
want to thank the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee for yielding me the time. 
motion, which gives the House an opportunity to vote for a fullyear Homeland Security funding bill without any controversial immigration policy riders. 
have heard lectures all day about the Constitution. We have heard lectures all day about the process. I just want to remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—and especially those who may be new to the appropriations process—we can have a debate about the Constitution any time you want. We even can come up with amendments to the Constitution. 
Homeland Security keeping our country safe; and, again, because we have had so many debates about authority and who is doing what and who is obeying the Constitution, for me, it is a pleasure to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on appropriations. 
back in December, we couldn’t agree to include the Homeland Security bill as part of an omnibus. Just to remind us again about process, Democrats on the Appropriations Committee and Republicans on the Appropriations Committee debated those bills. 
way here in the House, and then we worked with the Senate to make sure we worked together in a bipartisan way. We had a good Homeland Security Appropriations bill. It may not have been perfect, but it was a bipartisan bill back in December. Here it is, almost March. 
very clear, we cannot hold hostage to this bill and delay the Homeland Security bill anymore. I urge my colleagues to vote for fullyear funding. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his point of order. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does 
any Member wish to be heard on this point of order? 
Speaker, I wish to be heard on the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California is recognized. 
Speaker, the gentleman asserts that the motion exceeds the subcommittee’s allocation. However, the Congressional Budget Office cost estimate noted ‘‘our estimate is the same as H.R. 240 as introduced.’’ 
the chairman of the subcommittee, Judge CARTER , and sent to the Senate. 
If I understand the gentleman correctly, he is now asserting that the bill that he moved through this Chamber violated the rules of the House. I urge him to withdraw his point of order and allow for the House to vote on a clean, fullyear bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Absent that, I urge the presiding officer to overrule the gentleman’s point of order. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of House Joint Resolution 35 will be followed by a 5 minute vote on adoption of the motion to instruct on H.R. 240. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 203, nays 224, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DiazBalart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores 
Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Peters Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleming Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Neugebauer Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder 
and Messrs. CARSON of Indiana, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, and FINCHER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. MCDERMOTT. Madam Speaker, on rollcall vote 104, on passage related to H.J. Res. 35, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Members are advised that additional votes are now possible later this evening and maybe this weekend. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to instruct on the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBALALLARD ), on which the yeas and 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 201, nays 218, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OLLINS of New York). The Chair will appoint conferees on H.R. 240 at a later time. 
BE AVAILABLE TO SERVE ON INVESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  
The Honorable John C. Carney of Delaware The Honorable Gerald E. Connolly of Virginia 
The Honorable Janice Hahn of California The Honorable Brian Higgins of New York 
The Honorable Ed Perlmutter of Colorado The Honorable Terri A. Sewell of Alabama The Honorable Jackie Speier of California The Honorable Dina Titus of Nevada 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  
U.S.C. 2702, I am pleased to reappoint Mr. John A. Lawrence of Washington, DC. to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALDEN ) at 9 o’clock and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 33. 
KAREN L. H AAS. PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RESPONDERS ACT 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R OYBAL  
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 33. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
this evening to take up a House bill and amend it to provide a 1week continuing resolution for the Department of Homeland Security. I rise today to urge the House to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to prevent a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. 
mechanism funding DHS will expire. To allow a shutdown of these critical functions would be an abdication of one of our primary duties as Members of the House. It is no way to govern the Nation, and the American people deserve better. 
It is the 11th hour, and we must act 
to provide stable, continuous funding for the agencies and programs tasked with defending our home turf. 
until March 6, allowing us the needed additional time to continue negotiating a path forward on how to fund DHS for the rest of the year. Without any further delay, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this critical legislation. 
the gentleman, what then happens to the underlying language where we were protecting the firefighters and others in regard to the bill as it originally stood and as it related to them being covered under PPACA? 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. My understanding is that we will take that up later. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. My understanding is that we will take that up later. 
continue to yield for an additional question, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gentleman, it is his understanding that we would take that up later, but that means that the bill that we previously passed—the language that we previously passed, at least—no longer exists based on the Senate amendment; am I correct in that assumption? 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
confusion both here in this House and for the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security. Just hours ago, the House rejected a plan to fund a 3week stopgap funding measure for the Department so that we might instead take up the clean, full year funding bill. 
that was just sent over to us by the Senate. To avoid further confusion and ensure there is no funding lapse for the Department, I urge my colleagues to put us on a path to enactment of the Senatepassed longterm funding of DHS by voting in favor of the 7day patch. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak to the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security to let them know that many of us are listening and working very hard to make sure that the agency is fully funded for the rest of 2015. 
an additional seven days for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The fight was worth it. Next week we are assured that we will have 
a vote on a clean DHS bill that fully funds DHS through the end of the fiscal year. 
Democrats stood united and this was a battle for the American people and the brave men and women of the DHS who are dedicated to protecting the security of the homeland. 
Now is the time to put politics aside and put 
This is a step in the right direction—provided that we fully fund DHS for the remainder of this fiscal year when we reconvene for business next week. 
games played by the Republicans when there are so many serious challenges facing our country from ISIS and other violent terrorist groups. 
while speaking at the Winter meeting of the National Association of Attorneys General, reported that his agency is investigating ISIS suspects in all 50 states. 
send the right message to the men and women charged with protecting the homeland. 
week on the needs of the 170,000 DHS employees who will be required to work without pay if we do not find a path forward. 
Coast Guard, Border Patrol, Secret Service, Transportation Security Administration and others on the front lines of Homeland Security. 
An additional 30,000 employees of the Department of Homeland Security will be furloughed and sent home without pay. 
House inaction is the forgoing of fiscal year 2015 grants that go to first responders. 
In 2014, DHS grants awarded to the city of 
Houston included $24,000,000 from Urban Area Security Initiative grants and $299,995 from the nonprofit program. 
$1,810,826 for Harris County; $845,250 for the City of Houston. 
such as the one at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, which received a $1,493,340 DHS research grant last year are being hurt by House inaction on fiscal year 2015 funding for the agency. 
complete our work and fully fund DHS for the rest of the fiscal year. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 33. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 357, noes 60, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Allen Ashford Barr Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack 
Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Clawson (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Gohmert 
Gosar Gowdy Griffith Grijalva Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lamborn Massie Meadows Mulvaney Napolitano Neugebauer 
Nugent Olson Palmer Pascrell Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Salmon Sensenbrenner Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Visclosky Walker Wenstrup Wittman Yoder 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
vote 106, on motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment related to H.R. 33 had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 2, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for March 2 to April 30 on account of medical reasons. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, March 2, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
592. A letter from the Chairman, Broadcasting Board of Governors, transmitting a notice of a likely violation of the ‘‘personal services’’ clause of the voluntary services provision of the Antideficiency Act, 31 U.S.C. 1342; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program report for FY 2014, as required by the Energy Policy Act (EPAct) of 2005 (Pub. L. 10958); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
598. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the FY 2014 Annual Performance Report and FY 2016 Annual Performance Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Financing Corporation, transmitting a copy of the Financing Corporation’s Statement on the System of Internal Controls and the 2014 Audited Financial Statements; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Insular Areas, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Report to the Congress: 2014 Compact Impact Analysis’’, along with the related ‘‘Impact of the Compacts of Free Association on Guam FY2004 through FY2013’’; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and Foreign Affairs. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C OOK, and 
and Nationality Act to make mandatory and permanent requirements relating to use of an electronic employment eligibility verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOWDY (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. F ORBES , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
and Nationality Act to improve immigration law enforcement within the interior of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
H.R. 1149. A bill to amend the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to provide for the expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children who are not victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons and who do not have a fear of returning to their country of nationality or last habitual residence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Ms. ESHOO ): 
H.R. 1150. A bill to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1151. A bill to amend title IX of the 
Public Health Service Act to revise the operations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GOWDY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ARTER  
CHABOT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. W EBSTER of 
H.R. 1153. A bill to modify the treatment of 
unaccompanied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigration status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1154. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to remove the mandate on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee to focus on maximum employment; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
GOODLATTE , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 1155. A bill to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1156. A bill to authorize the establishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportunities; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. N UNES , Mr. C OLE, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): 
of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
the National Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facilitate public private partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 1159. A bill to reinstate reporting requirements related to United StatesHong Kong relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
and local costs of providing highquality drinking water to millions of people in the United States residing in rural communities by facilitating greater use of costeffective alternative systems, including well water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. C LARKE  
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
H.R. 1161. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American Civil Rights City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. JOHNSONof Ohio, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S MITH of 
to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 1163. A bill to protect investors in futures contracts; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
to consumers before a video service collects visual or auditory information from the viewing area and to provide consumers with choices that do not involve the collection of such information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
and Exchange Commission to require that repurchasetomaturity transactions be treated as secured borrowings; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
and Exchange Commission to require any person subject to accounting principles or standards under the securities laws to show all transactions of such person on the balance sheet of such person; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
and Derivatives Commission in order to combine the functions of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission in a single independent regulatory commission; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1168. A bill to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1169. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the maximum contribution limit for health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1171. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide recruitment and retention incentives for volunteer emergency service workers; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1172. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on distilled spirits produced by small distilleries; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit trading on material inside information; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1174. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper government access, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. 
H.R. 1175. A bill to provide for the establishment of a Clean Energy Technology Manufacturing and Export Assistance Fund to assist United States businesses with exporting clean energy technology products and services; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
General of the United States to carry out a study of the National Credit Union Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
of Defense to transport to any country, without charge, supplies that have been furnished by a nonprofit organization and that are intended for distribution to members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
H.R. 1178. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modify payment under the Medicare program for outpatient department procedures that utilize drugs as supplies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Wisconsin, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P AULSEN, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
Missouri, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 1179. A bill to prohibit waivers relating to compliance with the work requirements for the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1180. A bill to prohibit the Government of the United States from issuing or enforcing a new restriction or prohibition on the manufacture, importation, or sale in the United States of ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CAPPS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. R USH, and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 1181. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide for increased and improved public access to motor vehicle safety information, enhanced tools and accountability for the National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration, and protection of motor vehicle consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1182. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent retroactive claims of the earned income tax credit by individuals receiving work authorizations pursuant to certain deferred action programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1183. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain burial benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1184. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to revise Medicare coverage and payment for advanced surgical dressings in skilled nursing facilities and home health settings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mexico, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C HABOT , 
FINCHER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T IBERI , 
SCHOCK , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
H.R. 1185. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide the opportunity for responsible health savings to all American families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1187. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. R OONEY of 
H. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that all direct and indirect subsidies that benefit the production or export of sugar by all major sugar producing and consuming countries should be eliminated; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee 
on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the rise of antiSemitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in preventing and responding to antiSemitism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
designation of March 2015, as National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1147. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United 
States Constitution enumerating congressional authority ‘‘[t]o establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ 
H.R. 1148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1149. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; 
Article I Section 8, Clause 10: To define and punish piracies and felonies 
committed on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations; 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1151. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1152. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of 
H.R. 1153. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the 
H.R. 1154. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 5 of Section 8 of Aritcle I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and, Article III, Sections 1 and 2 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress. 
H.R. 1156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution provides Congress with the authority to regulate commerce with Indians in the United States. 
H.R. 1158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution which states, ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states and among the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H. R. 1164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 1173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 1174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 1176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the Constitution of the United States: To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 1179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense. 
H.R. 1184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution—Congress has the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States 
H.R. 1187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 55: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 72: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
H.R. 77: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , and 
H.R. 131: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
H.R. 188: Ms. K USTER and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 228: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. W ATSON  
H.R. 238: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 267: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 288: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
H.R. 366: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 377: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 378: Ms. L EEand Mr. S WALWELL of 
BUCSHON , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
H.R. 463: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 465: Mr. L UCAS and Mr. R OONEY of 
H.R. 511: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 540: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mrs. 
H.R. 572: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 577: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. C OHEN . 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and 
H.R. 608: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
H.R. 613: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 638: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 653: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
H.R. 662: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 685: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 707: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 721: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. M ICA, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. D ENT, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. D IAZBALART . 
H.R. 797: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P ALLONE , and 
H.R. 815: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
H.R. 825: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 829: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 845: Mr. P ETERS on and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 879: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
H.R. 906: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
H.R. 911: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 919: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L EE, and 
H.R. 920: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 932: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 955: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. S HUSTER . 
DEUTCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
H.R. 973: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
H.R. 978: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 985: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. H ARPER , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. C OOK, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. K ELLY  
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. A BRAHAM. 
H.R. 999: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. S ALMON , 
H.R. 1024: Mr. K EATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
H.R. 1030: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1031: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
H.R. 1037: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
H.R. 1041: Mr. L YNCH , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. K ING 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. 
H.R. 1075: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1084: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1086: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 1095: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
H.R. 1106: Mr. J ONES , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and 
H. Res. 15: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B ENRAY 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H. Res. 109: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 122: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 123: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. C OSTA . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1187 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2015 No. 34 